来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091216013248/http://www.barcodesinc.com/news/
================================================================================

barcoding news |  help products barcode scanners barcode printers mobile computing pos hardware id card printers rfid hardware security system hardware software wireless communications all 70+ product categories » brands aml cherry cisco citizen cognitivetpg cradlepoint datacard datalogic datamax elo epson hand held honeywell id tech intermec intuit quickbooks janam logic controls magtek metrologic microscan microsoft mmf motorola symbol o'neil opticon panasonic posiflex pos-x redbeam samsung-bixolon sato seagull scientific star teklynx topaz unitech weigh-tronix zebra all 190+ brands » solutions market applications industry solutions services custom barcode labels preprinted barcode labels warranty & repair device configuration free barcode generator free barcode font barcode news government search barcode › barcoding news barcoding news barcode, auto-id, point of sale and rfid news from barcodesinc updated 123scan utility makes configuring and managing motorola scanners easier than ever posted december 14, 2009 compatible with popular office tools, the pc-based motorola 123scan² software makes staging and managing scanners easy full of industry firsts, the 123scan² configuration utility for motorola scanners allows quick and efficient deployment of scanners. the patented wizard tool streamlines the set up process, which can then upgrade scanner firmware and stage large number of scanners simultaneously. businesses can generate a multi-setting bar code for single scan programming and 123scan² will check online for software updates to keep scanners running at peak performance – a process made simple because 123scan² preserves and automatically re-loads pre-upgrade settings upon completion of the firmware upgrade. another first is a new utility that automatically detects and establishes a two-way communication with scanners to track and maintain assets and data. this feature combines with powerful reporting applications that provide confirmation that scanners were staged properly and are ready for use, as well as parameter and inventory reports which provide documentation of all provisioning activities – including updates of firmware, configuration settings and more. all of these capabilities are compatible with pc-based systems. users can generate and email configuration files plus save bar code configuration sheets as microsoft word documents for easy re-branding, and can archive asset tracking information directly to microsoft access. continue reading » filed under: product news tags: barcode scanners, motorola mmmmm barcodes: european barcode/big mac ad posted december 14, 2009 here’s a european print ad for mcdonald’s big mac that features a barcode: bigmac only 3.29€ advertising agency: heye group, germany creative director: thomas winklbauer copywriter: christine deinhart art director: joerg stoeckigt filed under: barcode fun barcodes key to money-saving idea for va hospitals posted december 14, 2009 nancy fichtner, an employee of the department of veterans affairs has won the first ever president’s save award. the save award is given to the federal employeee with the best idea to save taxpayer dollars and make the government perform more effectively and efficiently. fichtner’s idea is to add a barcode to medicines that would allow a hospital patient to take the unused portions of medications such as ointments, inhalers, eye drops, and other bulk items home with them after discharge. these medicines are now being thrown away in many parts of the va system because they lack adequate labeling for in-hospital and at-home use. fichtner’s idea was selected amongst over 30,000 entries. on monday, december 21, nancy will present her idea to president obama at the white house. filed under: barcode news tags: healthcare the nebraska medical center saves time, improves nurse workflow posted december 14, 2009 challenge on average, medication administration accounts for 26 to 32 percent of adult patient medication errors in hospitals, according to the institute of medicine. to reduce incidents, hospitals are increasingly moving toward bar code medication administration (bcma) systems to electronically scan patient wristbands for positive patient identification to reduce preventable adverse drug events. before implementing bcma, the nebraska medical center manually created patient wristbands. the only means a nurse had to positively identify a patient was to verbally confirm the patient’s name and date of birth, and visually compare their responses to the information printed on the wristband. for incoherent patients (critical care, infants, etc.) this manual validation was not even possible, increasing the risk for a preventable adverse drug event to occur. the hospital realized that bcma could add a layer of patient safety by leveraging technology to verify and validate patient-specific information. but in order to fully leverage the bcma system, the nebraska medical center needed a printing solution that could simultaneously produce both two-dimensional bar codes as well as linear bar codes—a capability that existing laser printers lacked. it also needed to print two bar code types on each band; one for positive patient id and the other to facilitate glucometer device readings. solution with the bcma go-live date soon approaching, the hospital had to select and implement new printers quickly. considering the hospital’s two-dimensional requirements, they went with zebra technologies. continue reading » filed under: case studies tags: wristband printers, zebra shoe zone’s feat of logistics posted december 11, 2009 hands-free scanning technology has helped to double output for a leading uk shoe retailer, shoe zone. its warehouse now handles 1,000,000 pairs of footwear per week and delivers to the company’s 400 shoe stores in the uk and republic of ireland. challenge: • lengthy manual data-entry process of product codes for warehouse stock items • heavy reliance on printed packing lists which can get lost • short implementation time solution: • equipping warehouse workers with a mobile solution • zebra mobile ql 320 bar code printers (for printing labels on demand for each filled warehouse carton) • motorola wrist-mounted computer and ring scanner • all scanners, computers and printers link to shoe zone’s host system • the scanning software is integrated in real time to the company’s stock- replenishment system continue reading » filed under: case studies tags: zebra “simple choice solution” complete point of sale system from aldelo and logic controls posted december 10, 2009 logic controls and aldelo have collaborated to create a complete pos system, preloaded software-hardware bundle, called, “simple choice solution” “the offering supplied by these two top companies is in my opinion the most reliable and suitable product for the channel,” said nancy szczudlik, distribution channel manager at logic controls. “the ease of sale combined with the support and commitment of these partners is by far the best i’ve seen in the industry.” the simple choice solution offers two different hardware configurations an all-in-one pos terminal or a pc-based version. option a logictouch includes the top-line logic controls all-in-one terminal, logictouch, and the most reliable thermal printer from logic controls. logictouch, known for its high reliability and exceptional performance, has incorporated with 1ghz celeron-m cpu, 1gb ram and 80gb hdd. it is equipped with elo touch screen technology and a built-in msr for its maximum functionality. windows xp pro is included. option b pc-based option comes with the model lc8200 ¡v fan-less and vent-less retail-hardened computer. the small footprint and the rugged die-cast housing provide the flexibility and the reliability needed for restaurant operations. it is the perfect choice for use in the high demand often times harsh hospitality environment. the lc8200 is configured with 1ghz celeron-m cpu, 1gb ram, and 80gb hdd. also included are the 15¡¨ super-value touch screen, the mini magnetic stripe reader, and the usb thermal printer. microsoft wepos is included. the simple choice solution will arrive ready to operate. both simple choice solution configurations come with aldelo for restaurants lite edition software preloaded and included in the price. the lite edition is the ideal pos software for quick service restaurants. aldelo’s hospitality solution has been well received in over 40,000 installations around the world due to its flexibility, ease of use and completeness. the aldelo lite software can be registered via phone, mail, or the internet, and can be upgraded to the aldelo for restaurants pro edition at a later date. filed under: product news tags: aldelo, logic controls, pos system pharmaceutical distributor solves communication breakdown with bar codes posted december 9, 2009 the challenge errors in pharmaceutical reordering are documented sources of negligence in the healthcare industry and can lead to patient endangerment and malpractice suits for healthcare facilities, physicians, and pharmaceutical companies. despite this reality, many healthcare environments still use a traditional reordering system. traditional reordering occurs when a nurse discovers a patient’s medication is below a specific level, pulls off the reorder sticker and then faxes the sticker to a pharmacy. these stickers not only ‘gum up’ the customer’s fax machine, but transmit unclear information to the medicine centre’s pharmaceutical staff. the inherent problems of using this traditional method are clear; not only are there substantial opportunities for data capture and transmission errors, but an inefficient use of valuable resources. according to justin funk, the medicine centre’s vice president of information technology, “we wanted a solution to completely eliminate opportunities for error and to save customers time on the ordering process by reducing inefficiencies on both ends that come from a traditional reordering system.” the solution funk determined that a wireless bar code system and a tailored software application in concert would facilitate a quick, error-free reordering process. in order to be successful, the medicine centre needed to find a barcode scanner that met the following criteria: cordless with long range capabilities highly durable and capable of surviving drops to floor surfaces reliable and intuitive for any nurse to use centralized, 99.9% up time (regardless of power and internet outages) continue reading » filed under: case studies tags: datalogic motorola introduces mc3090-z: ergonomic, high-performance handheld rfid reader posted december 8, 2009 new mc3090-z dramatically improves item-level rfid operations, asset management and tracking in scan-intensive environments motorola, inc. today introduced a new handheld reader, expanding its business-class portfolio of radio-frequency identification (rfid) reader solutions and complementing its existing industrial line of products. the motorola mc3090-z is the lightest high-performance handheld reader in its class – leveraging the ergonomic and rugged design of the category-leading mc3000 and incorporating the industry’s first dual-axis antenna for versatile use in retail, healthcare and business environments. the new mc3090-z broadens motorola’s portfolio of rfid solutions to allow enterprise customers to deploy the right products to get the job done. “given the level of user activity around rfid today – particularly in high-growth application segments such as item-level traceability in retail and asset management – interest in handheld passive uhf readers is at its highest peak and continues to climb,” said michael liard, rfid practice director at abi research. “motorola’s new mc3090-z rfid handheld comes to market at an important time, as with more users evaluating rfid in myriad markets, new requirements are emerging that must be addressed, especially when it comes to handheld reader flexibility, form and function.” continue reading » filed under: product news tags: motorola, rfid readers google helps make the physical world searchable with barcodes posted december 8, 2009 as part of a favorite places initiative google has sent out 100,000 qr code window decals to popular restaurants, stores and attractions throughout the united states. if you scan the barcode using barcode scanner software for your mobile phone, you will be take to a page containing more information about the location. could this be what it takes to get qr codes to catch on in the us the same way they have in japan? filed under: barcode fun 6 illinois counties expedite traffic stops with fast, streamlined ticket printing posted december 8, 2009 challenge no one enjoys getting a traffic ticket. but at least the experience should be as quick and painless as possible for officers, citizens and administrative staff. that’s the driving force behind an initiative in six greater chicago area counties. circuit court clerks from the counties of kane, will, dupage, mchenry, cook and dekalb are switching to electronic citation systems to nearly eliminate data entry throughout the public safety and court systems. as the counties move from traditional handwritten tickets to generating tickets from mobile laptops, they need a way to print tickets legibly and without consuming too much space in squad cars. when one county tried an impact printer with pre-printed forms, the units required too much cab space and were nearly impossible to load straight, making them print illegibly. “the biggest complaint with the old printers was that they were constantly jamming or printed in the wrong spaces,” said tim bosshart, commander, carpentersville police department. solution in order to address these concerns, kane county has turned to zebra technologies. for the citation software, the counties use quickticket from aps. with it, officers issue citations via laptops, auto-populating an electronic version of the state’s citation form. they can obtain data from motor vehicle queries, or from a swipe or scan of the offender’s driver’s license. that system reduces the time for officers to issue citations and eliminates the need for law enforcement to re-key data back at their office—replacing a time-consuming, error-prone process. continue reading » filed under: case studies tags: zebra older posts » help shipping rates and delivery times returns and exchanges payment options contact phone 1-800-351-9962 fax 1-312-212-1800 chat chat now email customerservice@barcodesinc.com about barcodesinc why choose barcodesinc? we're hiring our manufacturing partners ©1994-2009 barcodesinc · · sitemap