来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131109141407/http://www.barcodesinc.com/news/
================================================================================

wisetracker - barcode, point of sale, rfid, inventory, asset management and data tracking news, product updates, tips, and more · call 1-800-351-9962 7am to 7pm central shop by brand  |  government view cart  |  sign in barcodescanning barcode scanners 2d scanners cordless scanners rugged mobile computing scanners bluetooth scanners handheld scanners iphone scanners ipad scanners android scanners presentation scanners view all » scanners by application inventory scanners pos scanners industrial scanners healthcare scanners accessories batteries cables stands software inventory software asset tracking software barcode verifiers barcode scannerselector wizard › barcode scannerbuying guide › mobile devices& tablets rugged mobile computers handheld mobile computers gun-grip mobile computers wearable mobile computers tablet computers rugged tablet computers consumer tablet computers fixed/vehicle mount data terminals vehicle/forklift mount data terminals fixed data terminals rugged laptop computers software inventory software asset tracking software mobile computerbuying guide › labelprinting label printers desktop printers industrial printers mobile printers specialty printers rfid printers ticket printers wristband printers color label printers by print type direct thermal thermal transfer print engines accessories barcode labels thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons label rewinders barcode software label printerbuying guide › labels &supplies barcode labels blank labels color labels fanfold labels shipping labels specialty labels metal labels tamper evident labels warehouse labels asset labels inventory labels placards preprinted labels warning labels caution labels packing labels circle labels country of origin labels mailing labels orm labels wristbands hospital wristbands custom labels ribbons printheads barcode labelselector wizard › labels and suppliesbuying guide › point of sale complete pos systems receipt printers credit card readers barcode scanners pos terminals touchscreens pos software cash drawers customer & pole displays pos scales payment terminals signature capture pads view all » supplies receipt paper receipt ribbons paymentprocessing quote › point of salebuying guide › id cardprinting id card printers single sided printers dual sided printers laminating sided printers retransfer sided printers complete id card systems single sided systems dual sided systems laminating sided systems retransfer sided systems id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software id card accessories badge lanyards badge reels clips, pins, magnets badge holders id card printer ribbons zebra ribbons fargo ribbons datacard ribbons evolis ribbons magicard ribbons access control access control cards access control readers access control panels access control systems smart card readers id cards blank id cards magnetic stripe id cards color id cards proximity id cards preprinted id cards laminates and films id card printer printheads id card printer cleaners camera and capture id card printerselector wizard › id card printerbuying guide › rfid rfid rfid readers rfid printers rfid software view all » rfidbuying guide › other software barcode software inventory software pos software asset tracking software view all » security systems surveillance cameras surveillance dvr view all » shipping supplies & equipment wireless & communications wireless switches access points view all » free tools free barcode generator free barcode font all brands a-z solutions in-a-box shop byapplication shop by application inventory management asset tracking and management field mobility point of sale (pos) printing wireless security view all » shop byindustry shop by industry government manufacturing retail healthcare transportation & logistics hospitality education & libraries view all » questions about any of our products? call us! 1-800-351-9962 home › wisetracker blog wisetracker blog data tracking news, product updates, tips, and more datamax-o’neil printers now supported by loftware’s family drivers posted november 1, 2013 loftware has announced the release of loftware print server (lps) version 10.1 sp1 and loftware label manager (llm) version 10.1 sp1. continuing to deliver on loftware’s commitment to innovate, this release extends the power of the solution’s ground breaking family drivers to include support for datamax-o’neil’s dpl printing language. this release builds on the lps 10.1 and llm 10.1 new features that afford customers a new level of control and traceability of label changes, include the ability to embed images in label templates, expanded smtp, and ease-of-use enhancements. continue reading » filed under: press releases,product news tags: barcode software, datamax-o'neil, label printers, loftware, printer driver happy halloween!! posted october 31, 2013 filed under: barcode fun tags: halloween webprnt now available for the star tsp650ii posted october 30, 2013 keeping up with the emergence of the omnichannel business model and growing customer demand for mobility, businesses are turning to web-based applications as a cost effective way to stay agile. web-based services are being more commonplace in point of sale as businesses streamline their operations and create mobile friendly environments for their customers. to support customers using web-based point of sale applications, star micronics delivers webprnt, an innovative technology enabling device-agnostic receipt printing technology that supports http requests used in web-based applications. webprnt is currently available with star’s tsp650ii thermal receipt printer which is equipped with ethernet connectivity. easy to read, maintain and modify for developers; simply use the appropriate xml tags or integrate star’s webprnt javascript library into your web-based application to begin printing from your application to star’s tsp650ii webprnt thermal receipt printer. continue reading » filed under: product news tags: mobility, receipt printer, star, tsp650ii, web-based applications, webprnt standardized media on the intermec pm23c posted october 29, 2013 printer media can often be an overlooked part of any printing application which can lead to some inefficiencies and added costs. many businesses use both desktop and industrial printers or end up migrating from one to the other as their printing needs increase. both types of printers use different label rolls which normally are not cross compatible. this is where the media flexibility of the intermec pm23c can make ordering media and migrating to a higher duty cycle printer easier. with the ability to accept multiple roll core sizes and types, it’s one printer that you can grow with and ensure any label roll you use will work. filed under: product news,solutions tags: barcode printers, intermec, label printer, label printing, media, pm23c zebra cardstudio release 1.2 now available posted october 28, 2013 zebra cardstudio 1.2 is an easy-to-use card design and card issuance software suite that empowers customers to create simple or complex designs. release 1.2 now has new multi-user network license key editions available! these new software key-based network licensing editions allow for 5, 10 and 20 concurrent network users at an affordable price. current cardstudio customers can download and update their installation with release 1.2 at no additional cost. for assistance designing the perfect card for your needs, contact us at barcodesinc. filed under: product news tags: card design software, cardstudio, id card printing, update, zebra aml ldx10 is now redbeam certified posted october 25, 2013 aml and redbeam continue their standing partnership with the certification of the popular ldx10  for redbeam’s asset tracking, inventory tracking, and check-in/check-out software. a match made for efficiency, the ldx10 is an ultra-low-cost handheld computer, with integrated barcode scanner, designed for light to medium duty barcode data collection and the redbeam software are a comprehensive yet easy to use solution for inventory tracking, asset management, or check-in/check-out applications. data collection and tracking has never been so simple and effective! businesses in manufacturing, warehousing, distribution, retail, military, government, education or healthcare can combine the ldx10 with redbeam to reduce expenses and increase productivity. for more assistance pairing the ldx10 with redbeam for your needs, contact us at barcodesinc. filed under: press releases,product news tags: aml, asset management, check-in/check-out, data collection, inventory tracking, ldx10, redbeam microscan imagers ensure 2d code readability and increase efficiency during manufacturing of miniature identifiers posted october 24, 2013 the challenge a leading supplier of electrical and fiber optic interconnects, switches and application tooling, manufactures miniature identifier chips that provide unique product traceability of work-in-progress (wip) printed circuit boards (pcbs) in medium to high-volume electronics assembly processes. the pad measures only 2.80mm by 1.80mm, and is just 0.30mm thick, requiring minimal space on a pcb. each pad is laser etched with data using a data matrix 2d code  that provides explicit identification for 1 billion unique combinations. this is particularly important for customers that have multiple surface-mount technology (smt) lines or multiple contract manufacturers. every single board remains unique, providing traceability to the production equipment and/or supplier used for a particular board. it also results in very significant cost savings as all of the infrastructure required is already in place on the customers’ smt lines. continue reading » filed under: case studies tags: 2d barcode, datamatrix, microscan, pcb, qx hawk, smt, traceability, wip the intermec cn51: made for mobility posted october 23, 2013 the new intermec cn51 has been designed specifically for the mobile workforce. rugged enough to withstand the rigors of any environment but still compact and feature rich to keep you connected to the resources you need, the cn51 provides a superior user experience. for any business that relies on mobile workers, having the most capable tools in their hands ensures the success of any application. continue reading » filed under: product news,solutions tags: cn51, field mobility, intermec, mobile computer, mobile workforce printronix line matrix p5 series printer end of support announcement posted october 22, 2013 in august 2013, printronix announced the end of support on the line matrix p5 series printer. end of support will be effective on december 1, 2013 and will impact spare parts, repair services, advanced exchange parts, maintenance contracts and firmware/documentation/software. the new printronix’s p8000 family of line matrix printers is the ideal replacement for p5000 series printers. the p8000 offers a broader portfolio of products that support the same features and functionality as the p5000 series enabling a seamless and easy transition. in addition, it delivers: new, user-friendly design and higher reliability lower cost of operation and improved power efficiency increased ribbon yield, improved print quality, and easy ribbon installation plug and print compatibility with existing applications. free “green” recycle of old printers with the purchase of a new p8000 for assistance finding the right replacement for your p5 series printer, contact us at barcodesinc. filed under: product news tags: line matrix p5 series, p5000, p8000, printronix honeywell introduces the new dolphin 60s scanphone posted october 21, 2013 honeywell has announced its newest scanphone, which blends the capabilities of a consumer smart phone, rugged mobile computer and bar code scanner in an affordable package. built for workers on-the-go, the dolphin 60s mobile device provides quick and reliable access to critical data through honeywell’s proven technology. the device serves as a cost-effective solution for businesses of all sizes across industries including retail, field service, and direct store delivery (dsd), where manual processes are becoming a competitive disadvantage. the pocket-sized rugged enterprise device has been engineered to withstand 4-foot drops and more than 800 tumbles. to increase data collection efficiency and accuracy, the dolphin 60s scanphone integrates 1d and 2d scanning technology with multiple data entry options, such as full qwerty and numeric keypads. additionally, the scanphone’s extended battery can last for a typical worker’s full shift. continue reading » filed under: new products,press releases tags: data collection, dolphin 60s, dsd, field mobility, honeywell, mobile computing, scanphone older posts » questions? 1-800-351-9962 live chat email we respond to every email fill out your contact information and a message and we'll get back to you. to: questions@barcodesinc.com name*: email*: phone: message*: i live outside of usa/canada spam protection*: type "barcode"in the field below. categories barcode fun (31) barcode news (54) barcodesinc (53) case studies (222) consumer barcoding (6) infographic (10) new products (46) point of sale (11) press releases (180) product news (542) product review (25) question and answer (5) rfid (15) solutions (79) tips (60) uncategorized (1) white paper (90) popular topics2d scanner android apple barcode printer barcode printers barcode printing barcodes barcode scanner barcode scanners barcode software cipherlab data collection datalogic datamax-o'neil epson field mobility healthcare honeywell intermec inventory tracking ios ipad iphone label printer microscan mobile computer mobile computers mobile computing mobile pos mobile printer mobile printers mobile receipt printers mobile warehouse motorola pos receipt printer receipt printers retail rfid socket star unitech warehouse management wasp zebra popular posts set phasers to “scan”: barcode scan… configure your motorola/symbol ls22… square compatible receipt printers … top 5 barcode scanner apps for andr… bluetooth barcode scanner for the a… our company about barcodesinc contact us our raving customers our partners case studies careers help & support help center returns & exchanges shipping & delivery payment options privacy & security terms of use resources & learning learning center solutions center government solutions download center cable connection images barcoding faq barcode news blog glossary shop now barcode scanning mobile computing barcode printing id card printing point of sale barcodesinc 200 w monroe st chicago il 60606 live chat phone 1-800-351-9962 fax 1-312-212-1800 email customerservice@barcodesinc.com © 1994 - 2013 barcodesinc download product line card