来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151101035215/http://www.barcodesinc.com/info/buying-guides/id-card-printers.htm?nav=hdr
================================================================================

id card printer buying guide - barcodesinc chat 1-800-351-9962 my account cart your cart your cart is empty. software cloud-based software check in/out cloud inventory management cloud warehouse management cloud loyalty platform id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software asset tracking software inventory software pos software ipad retail restaurant liquor store security routing, mobile & telematics route planning route execution mobile applications telematics & compliance label printing software rfid software barcodescanning barcode scanners 2d scanners cordless scanners rugged mobile computing scanners bluetooth scanners handheld scanners iphone scanners ipad scanners android scanners presentation scanners scanners by application inventory scanners pos scanners industrial scanners healthcare scanners accessories batteries cables stands software inventory software asset tracking software barcode verifiers barcode scannerselector wizard barcode scannerbuying guide rfid rfid readers rfid printers rfid antennas rfid software supplies rfid tags rfid labels rfid wristbands rfidbuying guide labelprinting label printers desktop printers industrial printers mobile printers specialty printers rfid printers ticket printers wristband printers color label printers by print type direct thermal thermal transfer supplies barcode labels thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons label rewinders print engines label printing software label printerbuying guide labels &supplies barcode labels blank labels color labels fanfold labels shipping labels specialty labels metal labels tamper evident labels warehouse labels asset labels inventory labels placards custom labels preprinted labels warning labels caution labels packing labels circle labels country of origin labels mailing labels orm labels wristbands hospital wristbands supplies thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons barcode labelselector wizard labels and suppliesbuying guide mobile devices& tablets mobile computers handheld mobile computers gun-grip mobile computers wearable mobile computers tablet computers rugged tablet computers standard tablet computers fixed/vehicle mount data terminals vehicle/forklift mount data terminals fixed data terminals rugged laptop computers portable barcode printers access points wireless switches software inventory software asset tracking software mobile computerbuying guide possystems pos systems ipad retail restaurant salon receipt printers thermal kitchen kiosk mobile credit card readers fixed mobile all-in-one terminals touchscreen monitors barcode scanners retail presentation in-counter payment terminals signature capture pinpad countertop mobile cash drawers pos scales signature pads pos software ipad retail restaurant liquor store security supplies receipt paper receipt ribbons emvliability shift paymentprocessing quote point of salebuying guide id cards id card printers single sided printers dual sided printers laminating printers retransfer printers complete id card systems single sided systems dual sided systems laminating systems retransfer systems id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software id card accessories badge lanyards badge reels clips, pins, magnets badge holders id card printer ribbons zebra ribbons fargo ribbons datacard ribbons evolis ribbons magicard ribbons access control access control cards access control readers access control panels access control systems smart card readers id cards blank id cards magnetic stripe id cards color id cards proximity id cards preprinted id cards gift cards loyalty cards membership cards key fobs card combos hang tags business cards custom cards laminates and films id card printer printheads id card printer cleaners id card printerselector wizard id card printerbuying guide accessories batteries cables stands shopby industry government manufacturing retail healthcare logistics hospitality education & libraries home › learning center › buying guides › id card printer buying guide id card printer buying guide choosing the right id card printer share: identification cards today are far more versatile than just a basic photo id. today, you can use barcodes, magnetic stripes, rfid, and smart card technologies on an id for greater security and traceability across many applications. whether your business needs are low-volume office printing or full-scale enterprise and educational applications, there is an id card printer that will meet your needs. there is a large variety of id card printers and options for your application. while their operation has become easier, choosing the right one can be challenge without knowing and understanding the differences and options. the first step in finding a printer is identifying your specific needs. • what are you printing id cards for? • how many cards will you print per day? • will you print on both sides of the card? • do you need edge-to-edge printing? • what kind of encoding options will you need? • do you need to make durable or secure id cards? knowing how you'll be using a card printer will help you decide what type, print method, and other features you'll need. let's review some of the key features and functions. print volume the first and most important question to ask when buying an id card printer is how many cards will you be making per day? keep in mind that choosing a printer class is based on a regular print volume. if you have a large batch to print once a year only, you can go with a smaller printer since your continued usage throughout the year is low. economical perfectly designed for your low volume printing needs. many of the printers in this class have slower speeds and fewer encoding capabilities than other id card printers. printers in this class may also have manual card entry and monochrome printing. economical printers like the zebra zxp series 1 provide an excellent print quality, yet is priced to reflect lower duty cycle printing. value with a limited footprint and scaled down capabilities, this printer class is made for low volume and on-the-go printing applications. printers in this category are designed for print volumes from 1-100 cards per day. value printers like the zebra zxp series 3 are a perfect fit for small businesses that print on demand or in limited batches. standard a step up in design and printing capabilities, this class of printer offers a reliable print output with a moderate footprint. printers like the  fargo dtc4250e offer a wide range of encoding options for any type of card you need to make. printers in this category can typically handle 100 - 500 cards per day and are perfect for medium sized businesses and schools. premium these are the most robust printers in the industry. premium printers occupy a larger footprint and typically offer more options for lamination and encoding technologies. with larger supply capacities, these printers are made to print all day. printers like the fargo hdp5000 typically can handle volumes of over 500 cards per day easily and are designed for applications that have high security and demanding print volume requirements. university looking for large run print volume printers, the fargo hdp8500 delivers the most reliable, high duty performance id card printer in the industry. the fargo hdp8500, featuring hid's high definition printing (hdp) technology, is the superior industrial id printer for extended-run, high throughput credential personalization and issuance. it's especially suited for the high duty cycle requirements of large government id card programs, laborious service bureau conditions, and demanding university and large enterprise environments. single vs. dual sided printing many printer lines will offer options for single or dual sided printing. single-sided printers are slightly less expensive but depending on the requirements of your card design (text, images, barcodes, etc...), using both sides of the card may be needed. single-sided these printers are typically used for simple card applications which contain limited cardholder information. for simple photo ids or applications where you are using a pre-printed card and simply need to print a name, barcode, or numerical id, a single-sided printer like the datacard sd260 will be your most economical option. dual-sided dual-sided printers allow for both sides of the card to be printed on at the same time and are typically used when full color is required on the front of the card and black print on the back. dual sided printers options like the one found in the zebra zxp series 7 are ideal for situations when a significant amount of data needs to be captured on the card, especially when using barcodes. by moving some of the information to the back of the card, the front remains uncluttered and void of distractions. print method id card printers use a thermal transfer process with a fixed printhead that heats up and melts a ribbon onto a blank pvc card to create an image. there are two different printing methods to transfer the ribbon, each producing slightly different results to meet the needs of your application and your budget. direct-to-card (dtc) direct-to-card is the most common card printing technology as it enables photo quality printing, for pictures and full color logos, by controlling the heat setting of the printhead which produces various sizes and densities of color. the card is passed under the printhead up to four times to create the perfect color, tones and highlights using cmyk ribbon. with dtc printing, images have sharp edges, deep blacks and a full spectrum of colors. this printing method does not provide full card coverage as a small white border will be at the edges of the card, but is the more cost effective option. retransfer (reverse transfer) retransfer printing produces similar high quality print in a two-step process that transfers your image to a retransfer film before applying it to the card. first, the image is printed in reverse directly onto a clear layer of film (like direct-to-card except the film replaces the card in this step). next, the printhead heats up and bonds the imaged film to the card's surface by applying heat and pressure. the two step retransfer process creates a true edge to edge (100% card coverage) high quality image on pvc cards and other card material types. this method is more costly but produces a clearer image and has greater longevity and moisture resistance compared to dtc. the zebra zxp 8 series printer is one of the more popular retransfer models available. encoding options most id cards today utilize multiple ways of identifying the user beyond a basic photo. card printers offer several ways to securely encode information onto the cards. depending on the application the card is being used for, certain encoding options will be better suited than others. encoding information on the card itself helps increase the security of the card as it becomes harder to counterfeit and also makes reading the card faster, easier and error free. barcodes barcodes are the easiest encoding option, since the ability to add to a card is contained in the design software - so no additional features are needed on the printer. with options for 1d or 2d codes, you can encode a variety of information in a common, easy to read format. magnetic stripe a magnetic stripe is the black stripe on the back of your credit or debit card. blank cards can come equipped with a magnetic stripe ready to be encoded. this type of card is capable of storing data on a band of magnetic material. the magnetic stripe (also known as swipe card or magstripe) is read by physical contact when swiped past a magnetic reading head. contact/contactless smart card smart cards are at the pinnacle of card security. similar to barcodes and magnetic stripes, they provide another means to store data onto the card itself. the big advantage of the smart card is that it can store multiple strings of information, including encrypted certificates. a smartcard provides multiple levels of verification on the card itself for the greatest security possible. contact smart cards have gold-plated contact pads which a reader touches to read while the contactless ones communicate via radio waves with a read range of up to around 5 inches. uhf rfid rfid has become a popular technology in many applications since it provides a means to read information on a card from longer distances. rfid cards store data that can be read without a line of site up to 10ft away. they also allow for multiple cards to be read at the same time and are quite secure. rfid is the most costly option but can be very beneficial to high security and access control applications due to its extended read range and option for automated reading. laminating some higher volume printers, such as the fargo dtc4500e, will offer built-in or add-on laminators to protect the print on the card from fading and wearing off. lamination is the process in which a protective polyester film is applied onto the card's surface to guard it from wear, tear, and uv rays. cards without lamination last about 1 to 2 years with everyday usage, but for the most security and longevity, card lamination is recommended. for even more security, a variety of holograms can also be applied to your cards before laminating for an excellent deterrent to forgery. finding the right id card printer with all the choices available for id card printers today, it's important to find the right device for your business needs. determining how you will use the printer and what features you need will make the decision process easier. if you are still having difficulty or have additional questions, give our id card printer experts a call. we're happy to help you out. tell us how we can help you describe your needs, or feel free to ask us a question. we're here for you! insert your description here now, tell us how best to contact you.required fields name email company phone type the following word into the text box below to submit this message questions? 1-800-351-9962 chat email we respond to every email to: questions@barcodesinc.com name* email* phone (for fastest response) company message* i need to ship outside of     usa/canada and want to talk     with an international expert. spam protection* type "barcode"in the field below. shop id card printers single-sided plastic id card printers dual-sided plastic id card printers laminating plastic id card printers retransfer plastic id card printers related resources ebook make more secure id cards why barcodesinc? unmatched customer service free technical support for the life of your product. deepest technical knowledge one of our friendly experts is always available. fastest response time every phone call and email is responded to promptly. best value we work hard to deliver a solution that fits your budget. 1-800-351-9962 email us chat stay informed! our company about barcodes, inc. contact us customer testimonials our partners careers help & support help center request an account manager returns & exchanges shipping & delivery payment options privacy & security terms of use resources & learning learning center solutions center download center cable connection images barcoding faq barcode news blog barcode q&a glossary shop now all product categories barcode scanning mobile computing barcode printing id card printing point of sale stay connected © 1994 - 2015 barcodes, inc. | 200 w. monroe st., chicago, il 60606