来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151101035215/http://www.barcodesinc.com/cats/id-card-printers/?nav=hdr
================================================================================

id card printer id card printer dual & single-sided, laminite and retransfer chat 1-800-351-9962 my account cart your cart your cart is empty. software cloud-based software check in/out cloud inventory management cloud warehouse management cloud loyalty platform id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software asset tracking software inventory software pos software ipad retail restaurant liquor store security routing, mobile & telematics route planning route execution mobile applications telematics & compliance label printing software rfid software barcodescanning barcode scanners 2d scanners cordless scanners rugged mobile computing scanners bluetooth scanners handheld scanners iphone scanners ipad scanners android scanners presentation scanners scanners by application inventory scanners pos scanners industrial scanners healthcare scanners accessories batteries cables stands software inventory software asset tracking software barcode verifiers barcode scannerselector wizard barcode scannerbuying guide rfid rfid readers rfid printers rfid antennas rfid software supplies rfid tags rfid labels rfid wristbands rfidbuying guide labelprinting label printers desktop printers industrial printers mobile printers specialty printers rfid printers ticket printers wristband printers color label printers by print type direct thermal thermal transfer supplies barcode labels thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons label rewinders print engines label printing software label printerbuying guide labels &supplies barcode labels blank labels color labels fanfold labels shipping labels specialty labels metal labels tamper evident labels warehouse labels asset labels inventory labels placards custom labels preprinted labels warning labels caution labels packing labels circle labels country of origin labels mailing labels orm labels wristbands hospital wristbands supplies thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons barcode labelselector wizard labels and suppliesbuying guide mobile devices& tablets mobile computers handheld mobile computers gun-grip mobile computers wearable mobile computers tablet computers rugged tablet computers standard tablet computers fixed/vehicle mount data terminals vehicle/forklift mount data terminals fixed data terminals rugged laptop computers portable barcode printers access points wireless switches software inventory software asset tracking software mobile computerbuying guide possystems pos systems ipad retail restaurant salon receipt printers thermal kitchen kiosk mobile credit card readers fixed mobile all-in-one terminals touchscreen monitors barcode scanners retail presentation in-counter payment terminals signature capture pinpad countertop mobile cash drawers pos scales signature pads pos software ipad retail restaurant liquor store security supplies receipt paper receipt ribbons emvliability shift paymentprocessing quote point of salebuying guide id cards id card printers single sided printers dual sided printers laminating printers retransfer printers complete id card systems single sided systems dual sided systems laminating systems retransfer systems id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software id card accessories badge lanyards badge reels clips, pins, magnets badge holders id card printer ribbons zebra ribbons fargo ribbons datacard ribbons evolis ribbons magicard ribbons access control access control cards access control readers access control panels access control systems smart card readers id cards blank id cards magnetic stripe id cards color id cards proximity id cards preprinted id cards gift cards loyalty cards membership cards key fobs card combos hang tags business cards custom cards laminates and films id card printer printheads id card printer cleaners id card printerselector wizard id card printerbuying guide accessories batteries cables stands shopby industry government manufacturing retail healthcare logistics hospitality education & libraries home › id card printing › id card printer id card printer id card printer dual & single-sided, laminite and retransfer the first step in making an effective id card system is choosing a printer that will meet the demands of your application. making a high quality pvc card requires the right type of printer with support for the security features your business needs. shop our selection of datacard, fargo, zebra, evolis, magicard, and idp printers questions? 1-800-351-9962 chat email we respond to every email to: questions@barcodesinc.com name* email* phone (for fastest response) company message* i need to ship outside of     usa/canada and want to talk     with an international expert. spam protection* type "barcode"in the field below. card printer selector wizard try it now single-sidedcard printers dual-sidedcard printers laminatingcard printers retransfercard printers learn more: see our id card printer buying guide » canadian orders welcome! · we ship to all canadian provinces. · contact us if you have any questions. se habla español! · international orders welcome. · many payment options available. · contact us if you have any questions. international orders welcome! · we ship to customers around the world every day. · many payment options available. · contact us if you have any questions. all id card printers showing 1-15 of 743. sort by: best matchsort by: price - low to highsort by: price - high to lowsort by: most popularsort by: alphabetical - a to zsort by: alphabetical - z to a datacard sd260 (535500-002) id card printer › datacard sd260 single-sided printer, usb and ethernet interface, 100 card input hopper. printer has re-write capabilities to provide an affordable way to update cards with frequently changing data. includes us power supply cord and usb cable. order ribbons, cards and software separately. in stock: ships same day 5.0 (1				reviews) 1 review $1,683.00 why don't we show the price? datacard sd160 (510685-001) id card printer › datacard sd160 single-sided, 300 dpi, 100 card input hopper, usb interface. sd160 includes a uv ink options that prints an invisible layer of covert security. printer comes with id works intro/trucredential express software. ships in 1-2 days $1,258.00 why don't we show the price? single-sided zebra zxp series 3 (z31-00000200us00) id card printer › zebra zxp series 3 single-sided direct-to-card printer, usb interface. includes us power supply cord and usb cable. order ribbons, cards and software separately. (zxp series 3 card printers are compatible with true colours ix series ribbons only). in stock: ships same day 5.0 (1				reviews) 1 review $1,995.00 why don't we show the price? datacard sd360 (506339-001) id card printer › datacard sd360 double-sided printer, usb and ethernet interface, 100 card input hopper. includes us power supply cord and usb cable. order ribbons, cards and software separately. in stock: ships same day $2,193.00 why don't we show the price? datacard sd460 (507428-001) id card printer › datacard sd460 double-sided, 100-card input hopper. includes us power supply cord and usb cable. additional modules needed for lamination capabilities: (507952-001 for single lamination module, 507952-002 for dual lamination module, 507952-003 for tactile impressor single lamination, 507952-004 for tactile impressor dual lamination). order ribbons, cards and software separately. ships in 1-2 days $2,193.00 why don't we show the price? zebra zxp series 3 (z32-00000200us00) id card printer › zebra zxp series 3 double-sided printing, usb interface, includes us power supply cord and usb cable. order ribbons, cards and software separately. (zxp series 3 card printers are compatible with true colours ix series ribbons only). in stock: ships same day 5.0 (1				reviews) 1 review $2,895.00 why don't we show the price? zebra zxp series 7 (z73-000c0000us00) id card printer › zebra zxp series 7 direct to card printing, double-sided, usb, ethernet interfaces, single-sided laminator. includes us power cord. (ribbon and cards sold separately) in stock: ships same day $6,495.00 why don't we show the price? fargo dtc4500e (55400) id card printer › fargo dtc4500e double-sided printer with single-sided lamination module, base model, usb and ethernet interface, same side card hopper, without locking hoppers, three year printer warranty. this part is also known as 055400. in stock: ships same day $5,699.00 why don't we show the price? zebra zxp series 8 (zeb08-v0021us4) id card printer › zebra zxp series 8 retransfer double-sided card printer, double-sided laminator, usb and ethernet connectivity, us power cord in stock: ships same day $7,995.00 why don't we show the price? fargo hdp5000 2013 version (89640) id card printer › fargo hdp5000 2013 version double-sided printing base model, three year printer warranty (including on-call express in the us for the first year), lifetime warranty on the printhead in stock: ships same day $4,995.00 why don't we show the price? zebra zxp series 8 (zeb08-v0021us2) id card printer › zebra zxp series 8 retransfer double-sided card printer, usb and ethernet connectivity, us power cord in stock: ships same day $5,495.00 why don't we show the price? zebra zxp series 3 (zeb03-v0021us1) id card printer › zebra zxp series 3 single-sided direct-to-card printer, usb interface, lockable enclosure. includes us power supply cord and usb cable. order ribbons, cards and software separately. (zxp series 3 card printers are compatible with true colours ix series ribbons only). in stock: ships same day $1,296.75 why don't we show the price? zebra zxp series 3 (zeb03-v0021us2) id card printer › zebra zxp series 3 double-sided printing, usb interface, includes us power supply cord and usb cable. order ribbons, cards and software separately. (zxp series 3 card printers are compatible with true colours ix series ribbons only). in stock: ships same day $1,881.75 why don't we show the price? zebra zxp series 7 (z71-000c0000us00) id card printer › zebra zxp series 7 direct to card printing, single-sided, usb, ethernet interfaces. includes us power cord. (ribbon and cards sold separately) in stock: ships same day $3,295.00 why don't we show the price? zebra zxp series 7 (z74-000c0000us00) id card printer › zebra zxp series 7 direct to card printing, double-sided, usb, ethernet interfaces, double-side laminator. includes us power cord. (ribbon and cards sold separately) in stock: ships same day $7,495.00 why don't we show the price? page: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 … » how to make better, more secure id cards free ebook access ebook › types of id card printer type color id card printer monochrome id card printer single-sided id card printer dual-sided id card printer laminating id card printer retransfer id card printer features magnetic stripe encoder/writer id card printer smart card id card printer top id card printer brands have questions about id card printers? we have answers! what factors should i consider when buying an id card printer? volume: how many cards do you plan on printing? security: do you need lamination for security and durability? encoding: what technology do you plan on using with the id card: magnetic stripe, smartcard, or uhf rfid? printing capability: do you want to print on one side or two sides of the card? printing technology: can your card have an unprinted border around the card or do you need "over the edge" coverage? does my choice of printer differ based on card volumes? yes. the cost and capability of the printer will change based on the number of cards you intend to print. printers are grouped into 3 categories: value: the most economical of the id card printers. with a limited footprint and scaled down capabilities, this printer is perfect for small printing jobs and jobs on-the-go. printers in the category are designed for print volumes under 1,000 prints. standard: a step up in design and printing capabilities, this class of printer offers a reliable print output with a moderate footprint. printers in the category typically can handle 1,000 - 10,000 prints and are perfect for small and medium businesses. premium: the most robust printers in the industry. these printers tend to occupy a larger footprint and typically offer more options for lamination and printing technologies. printers in the category typically can handle a volume of 10,000 - 25,000 prints and it designed for high volume and high security requirements. do i need a single or dual-sided printer? single-sided printers are ideal for id cards which contain limited cardholder information. dual-sided printers are ideal for situations when a significant amount of data needs to be captured on the card. by moving some of the information to the back of the card, the front remains uncluttered and void of distractions. note: some single-sided models can be upgraded to dual-sided models. if you want the flexibility of upgrading, please contact a sales representative to help pick the right printer for you. what is the difference between direct-to-card and retransfer? direct to card is the most common card printing technology which heats a print ribbon beneath a thermal printhead. color is transferred to a blank card, and the images have sharp edges, deep blacks and a full spectrum of colors. there is an unprinted border around the card as printing close to the edge can cause expensive printhead damage in dtc printers. retransfer is less common than direct to card and transfers an image to a retransfer film. this film is applied to the blank card which provides "over the edge" coverage and vibrant, durable print. do i need lamination for my id cards? lamination on an id card printer can provide the following benefits: security: lamination provides an extra layer of security for your id card, by reducing the possibility of counterfeit cards and eliminating any tampering with the information contained in the card. durability: lamination provides extra durability for standard id cards. purchasing a printer with a laminating option is ideal for cards in harsh conditions/environments and situations where continual use provides excessive wear and tear on the cards. cost savings: although printers with laminating capabilities can have a larger upfront cost, they yield significant cost savings down the road due to the elimination of security incidents and reduction of replacement card printing. what encoding options do i have for my card? magnetic stripe: this type of card is capable of storing data on a band of magnetic material. the magnetic stripe (also known as swipe card or magstripe) is read by physical contact when swiped past a magnetic reading head. contact smart card: a contact area of approximately .15 sq in. comprised of several gold-plated contact pads are embedded onto the card. these provide electrical connectivity when touched to or inserted into a reader. contactless smart card: these contain a re-writeable smart card microchip that can process and store data. they communicate with a terminal via radio waves with a read range of up to around 5 in. gen 2 uhf rfid: rfid cards store data that can be read through radio waves at wider read ranges (typically 3 to 10 ft.), allow multiple card reads at the same time and are extremely secure. what else do i need besides a printer? a printer by itself is only one piece of the puzzle. for an overall solution, you will also need the supplies, software and accessories for your printer. we offer a large selection of printer ribbons, id cards, software, lanyards and badges for your solution. you can also let us take the guesswork out of the equation. we offer id card systems which contain the printer, the software and accessories for your id card printing needs. please contact a sales representative to help find the right system for you. related categories id card printer cleaner one of the easiest ways to prolong the life of your id card printer is to remember to have a regular cleaning regiment. cleaning cards, cleaning swabs, or id card printer printhead cleaning pens - they all perform an essential cleaning function for your printer, and we offer compatible cleaning kits for your card printer. id card software we carry a wide variety of id card software which allow you to design and print professional photo ids and badges for any solution. looking to customize your plastic id card? our software makes it easy to add functions and capabilities to all cards and badges, and they are perfect for student ids, employee ids, government ids, and security ids. id card printer ribbon we can help you find the right id printer ribbon to meet the demands of your plastic id card needs. from employee access cards to student ids, we have the supplies to make plastic id card from every major manufacturer. our inventory includes full color ymcko ribbon for single-sided id card printer or dual-sided ymckok id card printer ribbon, as well as a variety of monochrome color printer ribbons and more! plastic id card school ids, employee badges, access control cards are a few examples of how ids are used for much more than just basic identification cards. the type of card with the right technology is as important as the information printed on it. options for various technology cards, colors, magnetic stripes, and other secure cards are available to fit your needs. narrow your search brand bci (4) datacard (99) evolis (49) fargo (284) hid (3) idp (56) magicard (24) nisca (1) zebra (234) zebra (234) datacard (99) fargo (284) evolis (49) magicard (24) show all » show top » encoding technology hid prox card (148) magnetic stripe (326) none (168) rfid (18) smartcard - contact encoder (219) smartcard - contactless encoder (118) smartcard contact station (73) smartcard contactless station (1) iclass and mifare/desfire (148) none (168) magnetic stripe (326) smartcard - contact encoder (219) smartcard - contactless encoder (118) rfid (18) show all » show top » cards per day 101 - 500 (449) more than 500 (200) 1 - 100 (37) printable side dual-sided (441) single-sided (245) interfaces usb (692) ethernet (525) usb & ethernet (76) wireless (5) printing technology direct to card (474) retransfer (208) rewritable (7) lamination none (488) single-sided (110) dual-sided (93) color printing color (677) monochrome (6) operating system windows (622) linux (298) mac os x (76) included features same side input/output hopper (23) media starter kit (29) enclosure lock (52) dual input card hopper (30) flattener (28) 1-800-351-9962 email us chat stay informed! our company about barcodes, inc. contact us customer testimonials our partners careers help & support help center request an account manager returns & exchanges shipping & delivery payment options privacy & security terms of use resources & learning learning center solutions center download center cable connection images barcoding faq barcode news blog barcode q&a glossary shop now all product categories barcode scanning mobile computing barcode printing id card printing point of sale stay connected © 1994 - 2015 barcodes, inc. | 200 w. monroe st., chicago, il 60606