来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228115732/https://www.barcodesinc.com/support/legal.htm?nav=ftr
================================================================================

terms of use - barcodesinc products search login cart (0) your cart is empty. 1-800-351-9962 call labels & supplies barcode labels blank labels color labels fanfold labels shipping labels preprinted labels warning labels caution labels packing labels circle labels country of origin labels mailing labels orm labels specialty labels metal labels tamper evident labels custom labels warehouse labels asset labels inventory labels placards wristbands hospital wristbands supplies thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons office printing supplies copier printer paper inkjet cartridges toner computing & tablets mobile computers handheld mobile computers gun-grip mobile computers wearable mobile computers tablet computers rugged tablet computers fixed/vehicle mount data terminals vehicle/forklift mount data terminals fixed data terminals rugged laptop computers portable barcode printers access points wireless switches software inventory software asset tracking software barcode scanning barcode scanners 2d scanners cordless scanners rugged mobile computing scanners bluetooth scanners handheld scanners iphone scanners ipad scanners android scanners presentation scanners scanners by application inventory scanners pos scanners industrial scanners healthcare scanners barcode verifiers accessories batteries cables stands software inventory software asset tracking software barcode printing label printers desktop printers industrial printers mobile printers by print type direct thermal thermal transfer specialty printers rfid printers ticket printers wristband printers color label printers 3d printers office printing multi-function printers laser printers inkjet printers supplies barcode labels thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons label rewinders copier printer paper inkjet cartridges toner print engines label printing software id card printing id card printers single sided printers dual sided printers laminating printers retransfer printers complete id card systems single sided systems dual sided systems laminating systems retransfer systems id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software id card accessories badge lanyards badge reels clips, pins, magnets badge holders id card printer ribbons zebra ribbons fargo ribbons datacard ribbons evolis ribbons magicard ribbons access control access control cards access control readers access control panels access control systems smart card readers id cards blank id cards magnetic stripe id cards color id cards proximity id cards preprinted id cards gift cards loyalty cards membership cards key fobs card combos hang tags business cards custom cards laminates and films id card printer printheads id card printer cleaners pos systems pos systems ipad retail restaurant salon receipt printers thermal kitchen kiosk mobile barcode scanners retail presentation in-counter credit card readers fixed mobile payment terminals signature capture pinpad countertop mobile pos software ipad retail restaurant liquor store security supplies receipt paper receipt ribbons all-in-one terminals touchscreen monitors signature pads cash drawers pos scales software cloud-based software inventory management cloud loyalty platform id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software pos software ipad retail restaurant liquor store security routing, mobile & telematics route planning route execution mobile applications telematics & compliance asset tracking software inventory software label printing software rfid software rfid rfid readers rfid printers rfid antennas rfid software supplies rfid tags rfid labels rfid wristbands services barcodes edge design services deployment services support services request a repair search 0 navigation login labels & supplies barcode labels blank labels color labels fanfold labels shipping labels preprinted labels warning labels caution labels packing labels circle labels country of origin labels mailing labels orm labels specialty labels metal labels tamper evident labels custom labels warehouse labels asset labels inventory labels placards wristbands hospital wristbands supplies thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons office printing supplies copier printer paper inkjet cartridges toner computing & tablets mobile computers handheld mobile computers gun-grip mobile computers wearable mobile computers tablet computers rugged tablet computers fixed/vehicle mount data terminals vehicle/forklift mount data terminals fixed data terminals rugged laptop computers portable barcode printers access points wireless switches software inventory software asset tracking software barcode scanning barcode scanners 2d scanners cordless scanners rugged mobile computing scanners bluetooth scanners handheld scanners iphone scanners ipad scanners android scanners presentation scanners scanners by application inventory scanners pos scanners industrial scanners healthcare scanners barcode verifiers accessories batteries cables stands software inventory software asset tracking software software cloud-based software inventory management cloud loyalty platform id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software pos software ipad retail restaurant liquor store security routing, mobile & telematics route planning route execution mobile applications telematics & compliance asset tracking software inventory software label printing software rfid software barcode printing label printers desktop printers industrial printers mobile printers by print type direct thermal thermal transfer specialty printers rfid printers ticket printers wristband printers color label printers 3d printers office printing multi-function printers laser printers inkjet printers supplies barcode labels thermal printheads thermal transfer ribbons label rewinders copier printer paper inkjet cartridges toner print engines label printing software rfid rfid readers rfid printers rfid antennas rfid software supplies rfid tags rfid labels rfid wristbands id card printing id card printers single sided printers dual sided printers laminating printers retransfer printers complete id card systems single sided systems dual sided systems laminating systems retransfer systems id card software id card design software lobby and visitor software membership software event tracking software school tracking software time and attendance software id card accessories badge lanyards badge reels clips, pins, magnets badge holders id card printer ribbons zebra ribbons fargo ribbons datacard ribbons evolis ribbons magicard ribbons access control access control cards access control readers access control panels access control systems smart card readers id cards blank id cards magnetic stripe id cards color id cards proximity id cards preprinted id cards gift cards loyalty cards membership cards key fobs card combos hang tags business cards custom cards laminates and films id card printer printheads id card printer cleaners pos systems pos systems ipad retail restaurant salon receipt printers thermal kitchen kiosk mobile barcode scanners retail presentation in-counter credit card readers fixed mobile payment terminals signature capture pinpad countertop mobile pos software ipad retail restaurant liquor store security supplies receipt paper receipt ribbons all-in-one terminals touchscreen monitors signature pads cash drawers pos scales services barcodes edge design services deployment services support services request a repair barcodes,inc. home › help › terms of use terms of use terms and conditions of use of this internet site please read these terms and conditions carefully before using our site. by using this site, you agree to the terms and conditions contained herein and that you have the legal authority to accept these terms and conditions. if you do not agree with the terms and conditions, you should not use our site. furthermore, we reserve the right to change the terms and conditions of use at any time, without prior notice. if you are using the site after we post a change, you accept that change. you should check these terms and conditions periodically. we have made every effort to present the content on the website accurately, but additions, modifications, and changes may occur. content on this website is provided "as is"; neither barcodesinc nor its representatives make any representation or warranty with respect to its content. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. this copyright notice applies to all proprietary pages, images, text, programs, and other material available throughout this internet site (collectively, this "publication"). trademarks unless otherwise noted, product names, designs, logos, titles, words or phrases within this publication are the trademarks, service marks, trade names or other property of their respective owners. warranties this publication is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purposes, or non-infringement. disclaimers this internet site may be used for information purposes only. no part of the information on this internet site can be redistributed, copied, or reproduced for commercial or non-personal use without the prior written consent of barcodesinc . any information provided to barcodesinc through this internet site or through electronic-mail transmission becomes the exclusive property of barcodesinc, shall not be deemed to be confidential, and freely and without restriction may be reproduced, disclosed, published, disseminated or otherwise used by barcodesinc and its affiliates. descriptions of, or references to, products or publications not owned by barcodesinc or its affiliates do not imply endorsement of that product of publication. barcodesinc makes no warranties of any kind with respect to such products or publications or the completeness or accuracy of such information. changes periodically are made to the information contained in this internet site. barcodesinc assumes no responsibility for and disclaims all liability for any errors or omissions in this publication or in related publications which may be discovered through this internet site. this internet site is available internationally and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. reference to a particular product or service does not imply that barcodesinc intends to make such products or services available in such countries. this internet site was developed in the united states of america in accordance with and use of this site shall be governed by the laws of the united states of america. links to third party web sites barcodesinc does not review or control third party websites that link to or from our website, is not responsible for their content, and does not represent that their content is accurate or appropriate. barcodesinc makes no representations or warranties with respect to any linked site: use of any linked site is solely at your own risk. limitation of liability in no event shall barcodesinc or any of its affiliate, or the officers, directors, employees, members, or agents of each of them, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of performance of this internet site. terms and conditions of sale the following terms are applicable to every transaction made with barcodesinc. orders. orders are not binding upon barcodesinc until accepted by barcodesinc. shortages. all claims for shortages must be made by the buyer in writing within a period of 48 hours from receipt of product. unless such notice is given within the stated period of time, buyer agrees that it shall be conclusively presumed that buyer has fully inspected the product and acknowledged that no shortage exists. title/risk of loss. title to the product shall pass to buyer upon delivery of product to the common carrier (at seller's dock) or any other location directed by buyer. all risk of loss, damage, theft or destruction to the products shall be borne by the buyer at f.o.b. shipping point. no such loss, damage, theft or destruction to the product, in whole or in part, shall impair the obligation of the buyer under this agreement, all of which shall continue in full force and effect. security interest. buyer agrees that seller shall retain a security interest in all product detailed herein and to all product now or hereafter acquired by buyer, and to any proceeds thereof, until the purchase price and any other changes due to seller have been paid in its entirety. buyer agrees to execute any financing statement or other documents that seller requests in order to protect seller's security interest. upon any default by buyer of this agreement, seller shall have all rights and remedies of a secured party under the uniform commercial code, which right and remedies shall be cumulative and not exclusive. payment. unless otherwise agreed in writing by seller, all credit purchases must be paid in accordance with seller's normal terms of sale which are net 30 from date of invoice. all past due amounts are to a 1.5% monthly financing charge or the maximum permissible under applicable law. all drafts dishonored for any reason shall be assessed a $25.00 service charge. in the event that buyer stops payment on any draft issue to seller, for any reason, buyer hereby recognizes that seller would suffer damage, the exact amount which cannot be determined with certainty and buyer shall pay seller liquidated damages of $500 for each such draft. in the event that buyer utilizes a credit card to purchase product, buyer agrees to not unnecessarily dispute such charges and further agrees to use best efforts to resolve any good faith dispute. returns. the terms for product return are limited to those set forth in seller return policies and procedures set forth on the barcodesinc website. warranties. buyer understands that barcodesinc is not the manufacturer of the products purchased by buyer and the only warranties offered are those of the manufacturer, not barcodesinc. in purchasing the product, buyer is relying on the manufacturers specifications only and is not relying on any statements, specifications, or photographs representing the products that may be provided by barcodesinc. barcodesinc and its affiliates hereby expressly disclaim all warranties express or implied, related to products sold by third parties or affiliates of barcodesinc, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or warranty of non-infringement. this disclaimer does not effect the terms of the manufacturer's warranty, if any. events of default. buyer shall be in default under this agreement upon the happening of any following events or conditions: (a) default by buyer on payment of any installment, invoice, bill or any other indebtedness or obligation now or hereafter owned by buyer to seller under this agreement; (b) default in the performance of any obligation, covenant or liability contained in this agreement or any other agreement or document with seller; (c) any inaccuracy warranty, representation or statement made or furnished by buyer, and (d) dissolution, termination of existence, discontinuance of buyer's business, insolvency, business failure, or appointment of a receiver of any part of the property of, or assignment for the benefit of creditors by buyer or the commencement of any proceedings under any bankruptcy reorganization or arrangement laws by or against buyer or the attachment, levy, seizure or garnishment of any of buyer's property, rights, assets (contingent or otherwise) or the product. remedies of seller. in general. upon the occurrence of any event of default or at any time thereafter, seller may, at its option an without further notice, exercise one or more of the following remedies as seller in its sole discretion shall elect: (1) demand or, without demand, sue for amounts then due or thereafter accruing under any invoice, bill or other documentation evidencing indebtedness: (2) suspend deliveries as to any or all product: (3) take possession of the product whenever found and for this purpose enter upon any premises of buyer and remove the product, without court order or other process of law, without any liability for damages, suit, action or other proceedings by the buyer for such entry and/or removal: (4) cause buyer, at its expense, to promptly return the product to seller in good, like-new condition: (5) sell the goods, or any part thereof at public or private sale (for cash or credit) at such time or times as seller shall determine, free and clear of any rights of buyer, and if notice thereof is required by law, any notice in writing of any such sale by seller to buyer not less then ten days prior to the date thereof shall constitute reasonable notice thereof to buyer: (6) exercise any rights accruing to seller under any applicable contract or law upon a default by buyer. mitigation of damages. should seller repossess any of the product because of a default by buyer, seller may make a commercially reasonable effort to sell product at a reasonable price to a third party, provided, however, that seller shall have no obligation to actively seek out and solicit potential sellers and buyers for said goods. collection costs. in the event of any default on the part of buyer hereunder, buyer shall pay any and all collection costs, including reasonable attorneys fees incurred by seller. rights and remedies not exclusive. no right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to seller by this agreement shall be exclusive of any other right or remedy herein or by contract or law provided, all rights or remedies conferred upon seller by this agreement and by law shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right or remedy available to seller. time of the essence. time is of the essence of this agreement. indemnification. the buyer agrees to and shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless seller, its employees and agents for and against all claims, lawsuits and losses from any third party using the product provides under this agreement. any defense provided hereunder shall be by counsel of seller's choice. limitation of liability. in the event that a products' malfunction leads to damage or injuries to the product, to the buyer's business, the end-user's business, to other equipment, or residence, or to employees or to other persons, seller shall not be liable for such damages or injuries. buyer understands and agrees that if seller shall be found liable for loss or damage due from failure of seller to perform any of seller's obligations hereunder or the failure of the product in any respect whatsoever, seller liability shall be limited to $250.00 and this liability shall be exclusive, and that the provisions or this section shall apply if loss or damage, irrespective of cause or origin, results directly or indirectly to person or property, from performance or non-performance of seller obligation, breach of express or implied warranty, or from negligence, active or otherwise, seller, its agents, servants assignees or employees. in no event shall seller be responsible for any other damages, including special or consequential damages. assignment. this agreement and all rights, obligations and performance hereunder may not be assigned without prior written consent of seller. waiver. no failure on the part of seller to exercise, and no delay in exercising any right hereunder, will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder by seller preclude any further exercise of any other right. severability. if any section, term, condition or portion thereof shall be found to be illegal or void as being against public policy, it shall be stricken and the remainder of this document shall stand as the original. governing law/venue. this agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of illinois. all claims, actions, disputes, controversies or suits shall be litigated exclusively in the courts of illinois. entire agreement/modification. the parties intend this agreement to be a complete statement of the terms of their agreement and replaces and supersedes any prior agreements between them with respect to the subject matter hereof. no course of prior dealings or usage of trade shall be relevant to amend or interpret this agreement. this agreement may not be changed, modified or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by seller and buyer. email us 1-800-351-9962 our company about barcodes, inc. contact us customer testimonials our partners careers blog help & support help center request an account manager returns & exchanges shipping & delivery payment options download center cable connection images barcoding faq services & solutions barcodes edge design services deployment services support services solutions industries case studies guides shop now all product categories barcode scanning mobile computing barcode printing id card printing point of sale © 1994 - 2019 barcodes, inc. | 200 w. monroe st., chicago, il 60606 | site map | privacy & security | terms of use