来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191214123028/https://www.barcodesinc.com/barcodesedge/solutions/
================================================================================

enterprise technology solutions - barcodes edge skip to content search... contact us chat call search... design deploy support solutions access control & security asset tracking barcode & label printing barcode verification field mobility gps solutions healthcare tracking id card printing mobile device management os migration services point of sale rfid warehouse management wireless networking wristband printing solutions all solutions > industries construction education government healthcare hospitality & entertainment manufacturing retail transportation & logistics utilities warehousing & distribution all industries > case studies shop live chat + a message to barcodes customers about covid-19 - read more solutions modern technologies can maximize workforce efficiency and company profitability. our experts are committed to helping you tailor a solution to overcome any operational challenges and achieve your business objectives. let us help get expert help name email company phone message (optional) let us help thank you! one of our experts will get in touch with you shortly. need instant help?chat now results focused by investing in technology solutions with a focus on driving business value and profitability our customers realize measurable gains to the bottom line. % lessdowntime $ millionsaved annually ininterruption costs x fasterproject delivery popular solutions no matter the application, our experts are committed to helping you develop a solution that best meets the needs and goals of your business. collecting and maintaining accurate records of your fixed assets can be a time consuming and expensive task. the right integrated solution will put your company’s valuable equipment firmly under your control. the goal of any robust system is to maximize your asset control efficiency and minimize your equipment loss. asset tracking in a world driven by data, businesses need the tools to empower their workers with accessible resources on the move. with a robust and reliable network, you can offer more dynamic services and be more responsive to your customers with secure real-time information. wireless networking your business can benefit from greater traceability and security offered by id cards for employees, customers, or students. with the use of barcodes, magnetic stripes or rfid technology, you can produce a card that is much more powerful than just a basic photo id. id card printing the customer experience is essential to the success of any business. having an effective and robust pos system is instrumental to providing you with accurate information so that you can provide your customers with the service and products they want, when they want them. point of sale using the combination of mobile computers and asset management software, you will can speed up your audit tasks and conduct your evidence tracking in real-time. track evidence, serial numbers and locations while maximizing workforce productivity and eliminating manual errors. evidence tracking tool tracking, file management and library and rental applications can all benefit from improved accountability. we can help you find the right solution to better manage items that change ownership by helping you set up custodians, locations and project transaction associations. check-in / check-out a digital signature capture or proof of delivery solution will add an extra level of accountability to improve your customer service and give you actual data in a situation where there is a dispute. proof of delivery proprietary rfid-based solutions have been used for a decade in the manufacturing space. one of the established uses is in the automobile manufacturing process. automobile companies attach read/write rfid tags to the car chassis. the rfid tags provide direction to and record the completion of each assembly process. rfid solutions for manufacturing in every emergency situation, time is a first responder’s greatest asset. having access to the right information at the right moment is critical to act quickly and effectively. first responder solutions printing unreadable barcodes results in lost time, lost productivity and reduced accuracy. when supplying important partners like retail chains or government organizations, there can be costly fines or even loss of contracts due to poorly printed barcodes. with the right solution in place, you can be sure that all your barcodes are up to spec and error free. barcode verification regulating all the entry points to your facility allows you to always know who is accessing your business and deters those that aren’t authorized to be there. no matter how big or small, we can build a complete access control solution to fit your business. access control & security data-loss prevention. secure collaboration. our experts can empower your teams with advanced mobility solutions, while ensuring that your business data remains secure and protected. mobile device management are you running your business on windows mobile computers?â as microsoft phases out support for enterprise devices, the enterprise mobile computer industry is migrating to android. os migration whether you need to identify a patient or guest, wristbands offer a cost effective solution for temporary identification. increase your staff’s ability to control and monitor admittance with quick identification for your event or facility’s permitted guests. wristband printing solutions well implemented technology solutions can cut down on paperwork and human error, so that you can focus your time where it is needed most – with your patients. healthcare tracking managing the everyday operations of a healthcare facility is no simple task. in times when resources are limited and medical staffs are becoming smaller and smaller, having the tools to maximize efficiency while providing an excellent patient experience, is needed more than ever. patient tracking wrong dosage, wrong medication and errors in dispensing are some of the many ongoing challenges faced by pharmacies. reduce errors, increase patient safety, cut costs and ensure hippa compliance with an integrated solution in this competitive industry. pharmacy management a warehouse management solution will allow you to incorporate up-to-date data capture, automation and printing technologies into your warehouse infrastructure. we have the expertise, hardware and software to create a complete solution that will increase the efficiency of your warehouse operations. warehouse management increase your service and maintenance staff’s productivity while reducing employee downtime by keeping them connecting with the resources they need in the field. maximize your revenue-generating opportunities, provide faster response times to your customers and reduce your paperwork and travel costs. field mobility allow a single representative to efficiently serve your customers by accepting purchase orders, issuing invoices and collecting payments in the field. load, ship and deliver the right products at the right quantities to reduce order errors for better customer satisfaction. fleet management labels are the building blocks of any tracking system and help keep errors down while speeding up your business process. having the right printing system in place will ensure you get the greatest return and accuracy in tracking any type of item. barcode & label printing rfid technology further automates the process of gathering mission-critical information in real time at the point of business activity. the promise of rfid technology for organizations that manage global supply chains is that the increase in efficiency, data integrity and inventory visibility will lower costs, and deliver goods faster and more accurately to the end user. rfid paper record keeping is still a reality for many companies and industries. any file tracking and management system lacking a software and auto id (barcode or rfid) component is destined to fail. barcodes edge can provide hardware and software solutions which will greatly ease keeping tabs on your documents and files. file tracking system for any business in the manufacturing or service industries, it is absolutely critical that all of your tools are accounted for and in good working order. without the proper tools, your workforce will not be able to perform their tasks, wasting valuable man hours or even worse, creating unhappy customers. tool tracking when a delivery is critical for a project’s completion, it’s not enough to make sure that it arrives to your mail room or receiving bay in a timely manner; you also need to ensure that inbound accountable mail and parcels reach the intended person or department. ensure that your deliveries arrive on time, every time. package tracking solutions lost orders, incorrect builds and delays are all typical results of an inferior tracking system that only serves to cause customer frustration. it’s all about accountability and efficiency. gain complete control over your processes and a better customer experience with an integrated tracking solution. work in progress (wip) regulating all the entry points to your facility allows you to always know who is accessing your business and deters those that aren’t authorized to be there. no matter how big or small, we can build a complete access control solution to fit your business. lobby & visitor management membership tracking systems will greatly improve the way your business manages new and existing members. improve your club’s image and prevent unauthorized access by issuing personalized id cards to each and every member. membership tracking failing to conduct proper age verification can cost you thousands in fines, legal fees and lost time. second or third infractions can cost a business its license or even put it out of business. avoid trouble with a simple, user-friendly age verification solution that protects your business age verification letting would-be vandals and thieves know that you are watching them is one of the best ways to enhance security. a security camera system will provide you the tools to protect your business before something goes wrong. surveillance solutions let us help you automate your attendance tracking to ensure greater accuracy and reduce the number of hours it takes to process time records. cut down on projects costs and possible abuse with a scalable solution that is convenient for all users. time & attendance tracking solutions with new legislation and directives, security at government facilities has never been more important. barcodes edge is ready and experienced to provide you with the technology required to create secure, multi-level access. government check point & base access improving medical service at the bedside point of contact is one of the most important goals in the healthcare industry today. in any hospital, the healthcare workers who spend the most time directly caring for patients also need the greatest access to critical information. in order to improve care at the patient connection point, hospitals need to overcome the challenges that plague today’s healthcare workforce – challenges that increase the opportunity for error at the bedside and reduce the amount of time required to devote to direct patient care. bedside point of care strict directives to ensure the five rights of medication safety – right patient, right drug, right time, right dose, right form – has forced many hospitals to convert their bedside point of care processes. an integrated bedside point of care solution will eliminate the potentially-fatal error of administering the wrong medication to the wrong patient. 5 rights of medication administration your business can benefit from greater traceability and security offered by id cards for employees, customers, or students. with the use of barcodes, magnetic stripes or rfid technology, you can produce a card that is much more powerful than just a basic photo id. employee card printing with the advancement of id card technology and software, the solutions today not only allow you to track members’ entry and exit from your gym, but also provide an opportunity to more efficiently run your business. gym & health club id system loyalty cards and gift cards are a great way to build profitable, long-term customer relationships with your customers. barcodes edge has the experience and will help combine card printers, magnetic encoders, card scanners, and point of sale terminals to make an easy and wonderful experience for your customers. loyalty & membership card between doctors, nurses, residents, administrators, and technicians, hospitals can have a wide variety of individuals constantly moving throughout its facility. implementing an id card solution can help improve security as well as overall efficiencies within the hospital. id cards can be used for employee photo id badges, hospital access control, and employee time and attendance. healthcare id what was once only commonplace at colleges and universities, id cards are now used across educational institutions of all types and sizes. protecting our children is a top priority and educational facilities can’t afford to not take the necessary steps to do so. as security concerns grow and budgets tighten, it’s becoming more and more important for schools to maintain effective id card programs. school id cards do your customers feel lucky today? they would if they had a professional quality gaming membership card. each customer would feel like more of a part of a prestigious membership club, inspiring them to return to your establishment. casino card system in emergency situations, every second is critical. finding dedicated emergency services personnel could be the difference between life and death. having a system in place with designated leaders and protocols can help reduce the confusion and chaos that arises in critical moments. emergency services proper inventory management is easy to implement and will decrease data entry errors, increase productivity and lower operational costs. with an inventory system in place, you will have the data to always keep stock according to your customers’ demands, without driving up your storage costs. inventory control paper-based citations can prove to be costly and time-consuming for government agencies. using a mobile electronic citation solution will reduce the number of dismissed tickets caused from illegible hand-writing and errors while increasing the time spent protecting the public. e-citation mobile point of sale is the final frontier of payment processing, allowing you to easily extend your current point of sale system to mobile devices! mobile point of sale barcodes edge helps libraries with solutions featuring barcode printers, barcode scanners, pre-printed labels and colorful patron id cards. we offer great service, low prices and fast delivery. library barcode solutions fedex utilizes multiple barcodes on their shipping labels. there is a standard 1d code 128 that contains the fedex tracking number, but there is also a pdf417 2d code containing more data about the actual address and recipient. fedex barcode solutions rfid based applications have drawn extensive interest in the operation of the distribution center. innovators argue that rfid technology can make distribution centers more cost effective. rfid for distribution centers retail interest in rfid technology is driven by the desire of companies to achieve greater speed and visibility into their supply chains, with the goal of increasing both operational efficiency and store effectiveness. rfid for retail the logistics sector is positioned to be one of the primary beneficiaries of the adoption of rfid technology into the supply chain. it is important to recognize that the rfid compliance mandates generated by wal-mart, the department of defense and others address the receipt of merchandise and assets into these large enterprises. transportation and logistics rfid solutions rfid solutions integrate seamlessly with other key technology and product offerings, including advanced data capture devices such as bar code scanners and imagers, mobile computers and wireless infrastructure. rfid deployment costs early adopters are realizing significant supply chain improvements with rfid systems, and the rfid technology is rapidly evolving and growing, providing solutions to a wide array of logistics problems. with its increasing popularity, it is important to understand that all rfid tags are not created equal. rfid roi & implementation every new technology has its challenges and rfid is no exception. in order to enjoy the benefits that this emerging technology offers, there are some obstacles that need to be overcome within a company’s organization and across the market as a whole. rfid technology challenges no matter the size of your fleet or your workforce, barcodes edge has a gps solution tailored to help you make the most of your resources. the success of your business often depends on your ability to make the best decisions, from finding a lost asset to determining a faster route or responding to an emergency call. gps gain visibility over your fleet and maximize productivity involved with a fleet tracking system. fleet tracking service plans learn how a real-time asset tracking solution can help you keep track of all your equipment, saving you time and money. gps asset tracking solutions a web-based platform that can help you keep track of all your roll-off containers, making it easy to manage and communicate to your workers and increase efficiency out on the field. container tracking management tired of losing your carts? gain control over your assets and minimize the time and costs lost with misplaced or stolen carts with a gps cart tracking system. gps cart tracking solutions android zero-touch enrollment introduces seamless deployment of corporate-owned android devices, from online management configuration to simple setup for employees. android zero-touch enrollment industries our diverse customer portfolio spans every major industry including both public and private sectors. warehousing &distribution manufacturing transportation& logistics retail healthcare government hospitality &entertainment education view all industries what's your challenge? tell us about your project... email: name: phone: send thank you! one of our experts will get in touch with you shortly. customer success stories tracking evidence and stolen property is easier with a portable barcode solution lake county sheriff's department upgrades evidence tracking system with portable barcode printers. read > continuous improvement key to chain of custody evidence excellence long island police department upgrades to modern barcode labeling solution for evidence tracking. read > a royal point of sale system royal caribbean sought a point of sale hardware system that would meet their customer experience demands and be compatible with their point of sale software solution. read > college retailer says "rah-rah-rah" to sleek custom pos imagers osu beaver store improves transaction speed with new pos system. read > pioneering radio frequency tagging for positive patient identification rfid wristband tracking streamlines hospital operations & reduces costly errors. read > raising the bar for positive patient identification portiuncula hospital saves time and improves efficiency with new tracking system. read > wireless curbside check-in at opryland hotel opryland streamlined customer experience with mobile check-in & check-out. read > how barcodes edge can help you need systems that work together. we work to understand your environment and bring the right technologies together for seamless implementations that drive scalable value. engage our experts when and where you need them for innovative solutions and superior support. we stay ahead of the curve with cutting edge knowledge and a commitment to serve your business needs. design design wireless networking rfid site surveys technology consulting solutions engineering product procurement deploy deploy device configuration staging & kitting software integration project management on-site services support support mobile device management true support spare pool management service contracts account management let's do this. conquer your project with a world-class partner. discover how you can deliver greater roi on an accelerated timeline by partnering with barcodes edge. name email company phone connect with us thank you! one of our experts will get in touch with you shortly. chat email us our companyabout barcodes edge contact us our partners careers our servicesdesign deploy support solutions industries our resourcescase studies guides blog shop barcodes inc.barcode scanning mobile computing barcode printing id card printing point of sale email@domain.com subscribe facebook twitter linkedin ©1994 - 2020 barcodes, inc. | 200 w. monroe st., chicago, il 60606 | terms of use | privacy & security | sitemap chat with us, powered by livechat