来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091230095639/http://www.cardsdirect.com/aboutus.aspx
================================================================================

about us - cardsdirect about us home birthday cards christmas cards new years cards photo cards more... assortment packs birth announcements business holiday cards easter cards graduation announcements hanukkah cards invitations - birthday invitations - holiday moving announcements new years cards recycled cards thanksgiving cards valentine cards cards - quick stick env. (866) 700-5030 ( 7am-7pm central ) more info ... about us executive team news room media info cardsdirect blog card etiquette who trusts cardsdirect? cardsdirect is proud to include every fortune 100 company as a customer: wal-mart stores exxon mobil chevron general motors conocophillips general electric ford motor citigroup bank of america corp. at&t berkshire hathaway j.p. morgan chase aig hewlett-packard ibm valero energy verizon mckesson cardinal health goldman sachs group morgan stanley home depot procter & gamble cvs caremark unitedhealth group kroger boeing amerisourcebergen costco wholesale merrill lynch target wellpoint dell johnson & johnson marathon oil lehman brothers wachovia corp. united technologies walgreen wells fargo dow chemical metlife microsoft sears holdings united parcel service pfizer lowe's time warner caterpillar medco health solutions archer daniels midland fannie mae freddie mac safeway sunoco lockheed martin sprint nextel pepsico intel altria group supervalu kraft foods allstate motorola best buy walt disney fedex ingram micro sysco cisco systems johnson controls honeywell international prudential financial american express northrop grumman hess gmac comcast alcoa dupont new york life coca-cola news corp. aetna tiaa-cref general dynamics tyson foods hca enterprise gp holdings macy's delphi travelers cos. liberty mutual insurance hartford financial abbott laboratories washington mutual humana massachusetts mutual 3m welcome! cardsdirect is quite simply passionate about greeting cards. in our electronic world where millions of emails, texts, and instant messages are exchanged daily, we know that a traditional hand signed greeting card can grab someone’s attention unlike most other forms of communication. think back to the last time you received an unexpected card from a friend or associate . . . the appreciation you felt that someone put the time and thought into sending you a card. cardsdirect knows that a quality card, professionally printed with your personal message or brand, at the best value, is an effective way to promote yourself or company with others. fortune 100 companies trust cardsdirect cardsdirect is proud to include every single fortune 100 company as a customer. we have worked hard to achieve this goal by putting our customers first, but we are equally proud of the tens of thousands of individuals and small businesses who rely on us for consistently high quality printed greeting cards. who is cardsdirect? cardsdirect was founded in 1998 and has grown into one of the most trusted resources for custom printed card and stationery products in the usa by putting our customers first. cardsdirect is not an internet business that avoids its customers by hiding their phone number and forcing you to deal with email and answering machines. if you need help, have a question, or have a problem, our toll free phone number and email address is easy to find on every single page of our website. we have a top notch customer support team that is ready to help. value many of our competitors double the reasonable retail price of their christmas cards and then claim to offer a ridiculous discounts that seem too good to be true. that's because they are. cardsdirect doesn't believe in playing games with our pricing - as a large volume dealer, we pass our legitimate discounts off legitimate industry retail prices on to our customers. cardsdirect sells quality business greeting cards and christmas cards, professionally printed by the best printers in the industry, at a great value. whether you need 25 cards or 25,000 cards personalized with your message, we are the right fit to give your order the personal attention it deserves. our volume purchasing power and close relationships with top manufacturers gives us the unique ability to provide our customers with unmatched service and pricing. cardsdirect has been recognized 10 years running a distinguished dealer and has won numerous awards from industry leaders and manufacturers. our team is always working hard to give you a positive, easy and enjoyable card buying experience. why buy from cardsdirect? at cardsdirect, we have one simple goal – complete customer satisfaction. we believe that if we achieve this goal, our customers will return for future purchases and success will result. we strongly believe you should be able to talk to a real live person if you wish, which is why our toll free phone number is posted on every single page in our website. we believe that if you have any problem, you deserve the best possible effort from us to get it resolved. we believe the ordering process should be simple and straight forward. we believe in forthright, gimmick free pricing. we sell to thousands of individuals and businesses and enjoy tremendous repeat business from our customers. we carry only quality products, we offer competitive pricing, and we ship them to you quickly. so join our thousands of delighted customers and start building better relationships with your clients, prospects, employees and friends by sending cardsdirect greeting cards today. what our customers are saying . . . to whom it may concern: i received the cards last friday. they are absolutely gorgeous! please thank everyone involved in this process. i was very impressed with the quality and speediness of the ordering process and will definitely be using this company again! thank you! katie– rochester, mn i followed through and ordered from the sample. it is definitely helpful being able to see and feel the product ahead of time. the speedy follow through was excellent and the phone support was great as well. i don't order very much through the internet because of all the horror stories. my experience with your company was excellent. karen– phoenix, az i wanted to comment on my recent order of moving announcements from your company. the ordering process was super easy and my custom cards arrived very quickly. i am so thrilled with the end product! they are very well done, printed on heavy paper, and look beautiful. i cannot wait to let family and friends know of our upcoming move with these adorable announcements. thank you for offering great products at a great price. i will definitely recommend your company and return again for future card needs. martha– aubrey, tx i recently purchased a birthday card assortment and a box of referral cards. i decided to try using your cards to assist in maintaining business contacts. i only ordered a few as i wanted to see the quality. needless to say, i was very pleased and ordered some additional cards. i am a professional photographer and the idea that i could easily get my photos printed on cards was very exciting. naturally, the next "sample" i ordered was a box of photo cards. the process was very easy and, of course, i was again pleased with the quality. however, that's not why i'm writing you. i wanted to share that i have actually received phone calls complimenting me on the cards themselves. people love the quality, the custom printing and the originality of the photo card. thank you for making my job easier. kelly– leonardo, nj you guys are the best!  i ordered my business and personal cards from you last year and was thrilled!  this order is for my parents as i helped them make their card. i will soon be ordering my personal and business christmas cards with you as well as soon as i get my pictures in. what great customer service you have and an exceptional product!!! jessica-- holden, me we just love how the thank you cards turned out. you have all done a great job. i have recommended you to other people. barb-- milwaukee, wi wow! i honestly didn't expect this to be handled. you know the routine...send an email and never get a response. thank you for the wonderful service! cardsdirect rocks! . kathy- de pere, wi you people are so screwed up. my order arrived two days before it was supposed to and now my whole week's careful planning is thrown off :-) seriously, i am so impressed with you. this order was uploaded on the 12th; a proof was returned to me the same day; and now the cards have arrived on the 16th. and the quality is, as it was last year, excellent. i hope you benefit from your professionalism. ralph- cherry hill, nj i cannot thank you enough for everything that you have done to make my christmas cards wonderful. it has been a pleasure to talk to actual people and i will never use anyone else for cards again. cardsdirect is the only source i will ever trust! your company is friendly and very eager to help me make my card just the way i envisioned it! thank you so much! shay- panama city beach, fl i received the holiday cards today. we are very happy with the service and the product. your company is very commendable. thank you so much for all the assistance and patience. lorna- freemont, ca this is great turnaround! thanks so much for your help with this. look for our order next year! toni- gonzalez, fl i want to thank you for your great customer service and speedy follow-up to my order and e-mails. please forward this e-mail to your supervisor, because he or she should know that you are doing a great job! teresa- saint joseph, mi you are the best representative that i have ever worked with and your supervisor needs to know how refreshing and wonderful it is to work with someone that actually understands the meaning of customer service. michelle- virginia beach, va absolutely fantastic! i have never ordered an online digital card. they were perfect, and absolutely beautiful! i could not even believe it when they arrived as quickly as they did. they were half the price of my usual cards! i will be back, and will spread the word! patty- cleveland heights, oh i just wanted to compliment your customer service, professionalism, and efficiency when assisting me with my holiday card order this year. your follow-up and timely replies to my emails and concerns were much appreciated. tiffany- ronkonkoma, ny i was helping one of our administrative assistants at her desk today and noticed a box full of corporate christmas cards with a big gold “cardsdirect” sticker on top of it. she had some really nice things to say about your business. she said the quality of the cards was outstanding, especially for the price, and that your website is really easy to use and really gives you a good idea of what you’re getting without having to mess with samples. just wanted to pass this along! andy- dallas, tx i just received my cards in the mail and wanted to tell you how beautiful they are. i am pleased with the quality of the cards, but also with the professional assistance i received during the placement of my order and proof approval. well done. you can be sure we will be ordering again! sarah- mequon, wi i just wanted to let you know we received all 3 orders and the cards look great. thanks for all your help... and we look forward to ordering again from cards direct next year. keep up the good work! phyllis- woodland hills, ca we recently placed an order for our company holiday cards. i am writing to say thank you to your company and your employee who assisted us on finalizing our proof. needless to say, we had multiple changes and our rep was very helpful (and incredibly patient) in accommodating each of our requests. we greatly appreciate all of his efforts. shondell- new york, ny on behalf of our company i would like to tell you that our thanksgiving cards we recently ordered are the most beautiful ones we have ever chosen for our firm. the detail, color and quality are more than we expected. the ordering process was a breeze and i was shocked at how fast we received them. i have been ordering cards for the firm for the past 5 years and something has always happened with our order and i cringe when it comes time to order again. since we send out a thanksgiving card to our clients rather than a holiday card we find the choices can be somewhat limited. after receiving your catalog and checking out the website i found that cardsdirect has more choices and has some very unique artwork. thank you again for making this a pleasurable experience rather than a headache. jackie caraska- port orchard, wa i just wanted to comment on the wonderful variety of christmas cards available this year. you just get better and better. the card we selected this year reflects our values and says the perfect message to our customers and employees. thank you for listening to comments sent in the past and expanding your inventory. also thank you for the samples we requested. what you see on the internet and catalogs can look quite different in person. we appreciate the opportunity to actually look and feel the actual card that will represent us. janet- edmond, ok i just want to compliment you again on your web site and how you run your business. i came away with the feeling that i received a great value and had no trouble whatsoever navigating the customization of my card. there are so many businesses on the www who would do well to follow your example. your webmaster is truly a professional, and your business methods and philosophy are stellar! i'll be back--that's for sure! christine- hayfork, ca just wanted to let you know that we received our order today, and the cards are beautiful! i appreciate your excellent customer service, and look forward to ordering with you again! marjorie- cape girardeau, mo business greeting cards anniversary cards birthday cards business appreciation cards business referral cards congratulations cards post cards get well cards spanish cards sympathy cards thank you cards thinking of you cards welcome cards value cards see all invites/announcements baby birth announcements adoption boy girl gender neutral birth announcements baby shower invitations baptism & christening birthday invitations adult boy girl graduation holiday party invitations moving announcements see all assortment packs assorted all occasion cards assorted birthday cards assorted get well cards assorted happy holiday cards assorted petite cards assorted recycled cards assorted value cards bright & bold all occasion business greeting cards contemporary birthday cards happy birthday cards humorous happy birthday mini all occasion assorted thank you cards see all photo & custom cards custom greeting cards photo holder cards photo christmas cards photo calendar cards see all christmas cards animals birds cats dogs deer doves horses penguins polar bears wildlife best sellers business christmas cards business appropriate customer appreciation from all of us teamwork christmas trees cities and cityscapes city skylines boston chicago new york san francisco washington dc calendars charity cards die cut window front imprint holiday phrases greetings happy holidays joy languages merry christmas peace season greetings spanish images of christmas bells ornaments packages poinsettia pine cones santa stars wreaths landscapes logo professional occupation accountant administrative airport/airplane architect attorney automotive casino cleaning service construction contractors dental healthcare home builder hotel insurance landscaping moving company plumbing printing press real estate restaurants salon security stock exchange train trucking quick stick env featured recycled christmas cards religious angels madonna and child nativity three wise men sports yoga golf themes currier and ives cards fine art flags four seasons funny and humorous kids around the world musical nautical & ocean patriotic snowflake snowmen tropical & beach western worlds unique formats deckle edge holiday letters oblong petite / small specialty square cards value cards winter scenes see all holiday & occasions business holiday cards recycled holiday cards earth day cards easter cards hanukkah cards new years personal christmas cards recycled cards thanksgiving cards valentine cards see all © 1999-2009 cardsdirect llc home about us contact us customer service site map privacy policy blog gift directory wedding invitations sun, dec 27, 2009 12:41 am