来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111223102709/http://www.cardsdirect.com/aboutus.aspx
================================================================================

about us - cardsdirect call tollfree: 866.700.5030 help | my account about us catalog contact us faq live chat order status promotions customize log in order status reorder request invoice saved projects holiday for business for home photo cards invitations shop by occasion special offers save 10% off orders of $99+ and 15% off orders of $250+ use promo code cdhnewyear11 through 1/4/12. business holiday cards view all best sellers business holiday calendar cards cities & cityscapes corporate logo cards die cut windows front imprint landscapes occupation specific tropical more categories... personal holiday photo christmas cards photo holder cards animal christmas cards christmas images christmas trees merry christmas santa cards recycled cards religious cards themes unique formats more categories... photo cards view all photo christmas cards photo holder cards photo calendar cards custom greeting cards more categories... holiday invitations halloween invitations holiday party invitations new years other holidays christmas cards easter cards holiday party invitations new year's cards holiday photo cards season's greetings thanksgiving cards valentine's day view all more categories... when will i get my cards? to find out, click here. business occasions anniversary cards birthday cards business appreciation cards business referral cards congratulations cards get well cards spanish cards sympathy cards thank you cards thinking of you cards welcome cards more categories... business holiday cards view all best sellers new year's cards calendar cards cities & cityscapes corporate logo cards die cut windows front imprint landscapes occupation specific season's greetings ornaments stars wreaths more categories... assorted box sets browse all box sets assorted all occasion cards assorted business greetings assorted birthday cards assorted holiday cards assorted mixed sets other business cards holiday party invitations moving announcements custom printed cards photo/logo calendars thanksgiving cards when will i get my cards? to find out, click here. invites & announcements baptism & christening adoption announcements baby boy announcements baby girl announcements gender neutral baby shower invitations baby thank you cards birthday invitations graduation announcements graduation thank you cards moving announcements more categories... christmas holiday new year's cards photo christmas cards photo holder cards animal christmas cards christmas images christmas trees merry christmas santa cards recycled cards religious cards themes unique formats more categories... party invitations halloween invitations birthday party invitations holiday party invitations baby shower invitations baptism & christening boy birthday invitations girl birthday invitations new year's more categories... wedding invitations wedding invitations when will i get my cards? to find out, click here. business photo cards business photo cards photo calendar cards personal photo cards view all new year's cards photo christmas cards photo holder cards photo calendar cards custom greeting cards more categories... photo wedding wedding invitations when will i get my cards? to find out, click here. invites & announcements baptism & christening adoption announcements baby boy announcements baby girl announcements gender neutral baby shower invitations baby thank you cards birthday invitations graduation announcements graduation thank you cards moving announcements more categories... corporate holiday party invitations business announcements moving announcements new years build your own card party invitations halloween invitations birthday party invitations holiday party invitations baby shower invitations baptism & christening boy birthday invitations girl birthday invitations new years more categories... wedding wedding invitations when will i get my cards? to find out, click here. corporate occasions birthday cards thank you cards & notes business holiday assorted box sets holiday party invitations moving announcements custom printed cards new years thanksgiving cards build your own card family milestones christmas cards birth announcements baby shower invitations baby thank you cards baptism & christening birthday invitations graduation announcements wedding invitations moving announcements party invitations easter cards holiday personal holiday cards holiday photo cards business holiday cards holiday party invitations new year's cards easter cards season's greetings thanksgiving cards valentine's day invites/announcements holiday party invitations halloween invitations birthday party invitations baby shower invitations baptism & christening boy birthday invitations girl birthday invitations new years wedding invitations when will i get my cards? to find out, click here. more info ... about us faq executive team news room media info cardsdirect blog card etiquette cardsdirect is proud to include every fortune 100 company as a customer: wal-mart stores exxon mobil chevron conocophillips fannie mae general electric berkshire hathaway general motors bank of america corp. ford motor hewlett-packard at&t j.p. morgan chase citigroup mckesson verizon communications aig ibm cardinal health freddie mac cvs caremark unitedhealth group wells fargo valero energy kroger procter & gamble amerisourcebergen costco wholesale marathon oil home depot pfizer walgreen target medco health solutions apple boeing microsoft archer daniels midland johnson & johnson dell wellpoint pepsico united technologies dow chemical metlife best buy united parcel service kraft foods lowe's intl fcstone lockheed martin merck goldman sachs group express scripts intel sears holdings caterpillar chrysler group safeway supervalu cisco systems morgan stanley prudential financial walt disney comcast sysco sunoco abbott laboratories coca-cola new york life northrop grumman fedex hess ingram micro johnson controls aetna amazon.com humana enterprise products partners honeywell international liberty mutual insurance news corp. dupont sprint nextel general dynamics tiaa-cref delta air lines allstate hca holdings american express google tyson foods philip morris international time warner oracle 3m deere plains all american pipeline riteaid about cardsdirect welcome! cardsdirect is quite simply passionate about greeting cards. in our electronic world where millions of emails, texts, and instant messages are exchanged daily, we know that a traditional hand signed greeting card can grab someone’s attention unlike most other forms of communication. think back to the last time you received an unexpected card from a friend or associate . . . the appreciation you felt that someone put the time and thought into sending you a card. cardsdirect knows that a quality card, professionally printed with your personal message or brand, at the best value, is an effective way to promote yourself or company with others. who is cardsdirect? cardsdirect was founded in 1998 and has grown into one of the most trusted resources for custom printed card and stationery products in the usa by putting our customers first. cardsdirect is not an internet business that avoids its customers by hiding their phone number and forcing you to deal with email and answering machines. if you need help, have a question, or have a problem, our toll free phone number and email address is easy to find on every single page of our website. we have a top notch customer support team that is ready to help. fortune 100 companies trust cardsdirect cardsdirect is proud to include every single fortune 100 company as a customer. we have worked hard to achieve this goal by putting our customers first, but we are equally proud of the tens of thousands of individuals and small businesses who rely on us for consistently high quality printed greeting cards. value many of our competitors double the reasonable retail price of their christmas cards and then claim to offer a ridiculous discounts that seem too good to be true. that's because they are. cardsdirect doesn't believe in playing games with our pricing - as a large volume dealer, we pass our legitimate discounts off legitimate industry retail prices on to our customers. cardsdirect sells quality business greeting cards and christmas cards, professionally printed by the best printers in the industry, at a great value. whether you need 25 cards or 25,000 cards personalized with your message, we are the right fit to give your order the personal attention it deserves. our volume purchasing power and close relationships with top manufacturers gives us the unique ability to provide our customers with unmatched service and pricing. cardsdirect has been recognized 10 years running a distinguished dealer and has won numerous awards from industry leaders and manufacturers. our team is always working hard to give you a positive, easy and enjoyable card buying experience. why buy from cardsdirect? at cardsdirect, we have one simple goal – complete customer satisfaction. we believe that if we achieve this goal, our customers will return for future purchases and success will result. we strongly believe you should be able to talk to a real live person if you wish, which is why our toll free phone number is posted on every single page in our website. we believe that if you have any problem, you deserve the best possible effort from us to get it resolved. we believe the ordering process should be simple and straight forward. we believe in forthright, gimmick free pricing. we sell to thousands of individuals and businesses and enjoy tremendous repeat business from our customers. we carry only quality products, we offer competitive pricing, and we ship them to you quickly. so join our thousands of delighted customers and start building better relationships with your clients, prospects, employees and friends by sending cardsdirect greeting cards today. what our customers are saying . . . to whom it may concern: i sent an email yesterday (monday) praising cardsdirect.com for their excellent customer service and how wonderful a job patty did helping us resolve a problem that was totally our fault. she mentioned we should get the cards wednesday, our original deadline, but they may come as late as thursday. however, much to my surprise, we received the cards today (tuesday). cardsdirect.com has gone above and beyond what can be reasonably expected from a company and i truly appreciate all the efforts made to ensure we got the product we needed in a timely fashion. tim- san antonio, tx we love the cards we ordered from you for our business! they look great! we know our customers will love how beautiful they are! and they arrived in a week from the time we placed the order! we will be ordering again in the future! your website made designing our cards simple and fast!! thanks again for your amazing service! mercer transportation- guyton, ga i just received the order i placed for our company christmas cards. this is the first order i have placed with cardsdirect. i am so pleased with our order. the card is beautiful – and different than those in the numerous catalogs i receive. i am very impressed both with the quality of the product and the ease in ordering it. thank you so much! gail- hudson, oh i just received my christmas card order from you. the cards are outstanding! they are better than i was expecting. our company logo is beautiful. and the envelopes are even self-adhesive! i will definitely order from you again. great job! beth- danbury, wi i just wanted to take the time to let you know how happy i have been w/your company and in particular with the support i have received as a relatively new client. you guys get an "a+" in everything i have needed from the quality of the cards to accessibilty to a live person to help me, as well as the courteous response from absolutely everyone i have dealt with. as a professional photographer using your photo cards to sell to my clients, i have special concerns regarding quality of the finished card to special customization to include my logo, etc. here i need to call out james spann in particular who did a great job helping me ensure my logo was placed properly and was in good resolution. he helped me again when the cards i received were cut too short and the edges didn't match up properly. without hesitation he had new ones ordered and overnighted to me. i literally had them the next day and i consider service like that to be above and beyond....and all this in the midst of the busy holiday season. you made me look good to my client who was impressed that i resolved the problem so quickly. on another occaision dawn in the graphic department helped me re-crop a photo to get it exactly as i wanted it. and you yourself helped me tremendously when i asked for extra samples to have a variety of cards to show to my clients. not only did you send me all the samples i requested, but you overnighted them to me and i had them in 2 days. thank you to everyone at cardsdirect for doing such a great job. you all deserve a big pat on the back. i hope to continue to sell more cards and i'm happy to have found a great vendor to work with. lynn– raleigh, nc i'm busy. i'm on my 15th hour of work today. for me to take a few minutes to write a letter like this means something significant happened. kim cooper blew me away with her customer service. she helped me create my card, gave me good advice, helped me save money on shipping, emailed to confirm address details, and over-communicated to me and to her colleagues at cd to ensure my order arrived early and accurately. in this age when service is so bad that i expect things like this to get screwed up, kim is rare and exceptional. i'd encourage you to recognize her in any way possible. she went above and beyond and is the reason why i'll return and spend more with cards direct and why i'll refer others to you. adam– manhattan beach, ca good morning! i just received my order and you and your team are absolutely fabulous!!! thank you…thank you…thank you!!! your customer service people and the quality of your work is superb!!! i am forever a customer of cardsdirect.com! you guys rock! gracias! nicole– manassas, va please pass this e-mail to your management team. this letter is a "wow! thank you." working with your site is extremely easy. there were some revisions needed, and it was easy to set them up in your web based system. i imagine that a human must still work with it – but, still, you have figured out a way of minimizing the customer-staff interactions…. i really appreciate this kind of service. scott– simi valley, ca i do not order online much because i have had bad experiences with it. this is by far the best online business experience i have encountered. thank you! you are very helpful. i will remember this wonderful experience with you and your company for years to come!! thank you again! heidi– clarksville, ga i received my cards today, thank you so much, they turned out great, i am very happy with them and will tell everyone to order from you, it was fast and easy. thank you again. alisa– quincy, ca just a note to say thank you. i work in the quality field and know that many times the customer is quick to respond and criticize when things have gone wrong so here's to you for doing it right. i was apprehensive about ordering cards online and was worried about receiving a lack luster product. i was wrong on both accounts. you made the process of ordering easy and efficient and the card was of good stock & quality. i googled for 'new years calendar cards and found your site. the better business bureau confirmed that you had a good rating so i decided to take a chance. the new year calendar cards (b1659 - swatches of the seasons calendar card) i ordered in december came in a timely fashion without any lengthy delay / problem and were well received. i received numerous compliments on the design and graphics of the card and as i walk around my office i see that many have their calendars posted for continued enjoyment throughout the year. thanks again from a satisfied customer. shannon– philadelphia, pa i just wanted to thank you for the beautiful graduation invitation you created for my son and for the fantastic customer service you provide. the announcement i was going to use had been discontinued the week before. your live customer chat found it for me and posted it on line so that i could order it. i placed the order at 8:00 p.m. on wednesday and received notification on saturday that the cards had shipped. i could not believe it! we received the invitation/annoucement yesterday and they literally brought a tear to my eyes. again, thank you so very much and i will definitely recommend cardsdirect to everyone! annette- houston, tx thank you again for taking such good care of my company. i received my order today and the cards are just beautiful. this is my second time to order our corporate birthday and anniversary cards from you all and i will continue to do so. have a great day.... sue– raytown, mo i’m just writing to let you know that i’m thrilled with the holiday cards i ordered. i’m very particular about my holiday cards. i’ve spent thousands of dollars on cranes pieces (business cards, holiday cards, note cards), because i love the quality of the stationary. i gave your company a chance this year, because i ordered several samples and was impressed with what i saw. i just opened the box (delivered several days before i expected it) and am thrilled with my personalized cards. you’ve done an absolutely beautiful job. excellent paper quality, proofing online and efficient customer service. what more could a customer want? thanks from a very satisfied client. kristine– chicago, il it would be hard to improve your service. i spoke with a rep who was knowledgeable and quickly answered the few questions i had. jack– mills river, nc very user friendly. i like to see what i am purchasing before i purchase it. i loved the tools! chasidy– huntsville, al i loved the ease of placing the personalized order. gail– jackson, ga i received the cards last friday. they are absolutely gorgeous! please thank everyone involved in this process. i was very impressed with the quality and speediness of the ordering process and will definitely be using this company again! thank you! katie– rochester, mn i followed through and ordered from the sample. it is definitely helpful being able to see and feel the product ahead of time. the speedy follow through was excellent and the phone support was great as well. i don't order very much through the internet because of all the horror stories. my experience with your company was excellent. karen– phoenix, az i wanted to comment on my recent order of moving announcements from your company. the ordering process was super easy and my custom cards arrived very quickly. i am so thrilled with the end product! they are very well done, printed on heavy paper, and look beautiful. i cannot wait to let family and friends know of our upcoming move with these adorable announcements. thank you for offering great products at a great price. i will definitely recommend your company and return again for future card needs. martha– aubrey, tx i recently purchased a birthday card assortment and a box of referral cards. i decided to try using your cards to assist in maintaining business contacts. i only ordered a few as i wanted to see the quality. needless to say, i was very pleased and ordered some additional cards. i am a professional photographer and the idea that i could easily get my photos printed on cards was very exciting. naturally, the next "sample" i ordered was a box of photo cards. the process was very easy and, of course, i was again pleased with the quality. however, that's not why i'm writing you. i wanted to share that i have actually received phone calls complimenting me on the cards themselves. people love the quality, the custom printing and the originality of the photo card. thank you for making my job easier. kelly– leonardo, nj you guys are the best! i ordered my business and personal cards from you last year and was thrilled! this order is for my parents as i helped them make their card. i will soon be ordering my personal and business christmas cards with you as well as soon as i get my pictures in. what great customer service you have and an exceptional product!!! jessica-- holden, me very easy site to navigate and create cards. deana-- columbia, pa we just love how the thank you cards turned out. you have all done a great job. i have recommended you to other people. barb-- milwaukee, wi wow! i honestly didn't expect this to be handled. you know the routine...send an email and never get a response. thank you for the wonderful service! cardsdirect rocks! . kathy- de pere, wi you people are so screwed up. my order arrived two days before it was supposed to and now my whole week's careful planning is thrown off :-) seriously, i am so impressed with you. this order was uploaded on the 12th; a proof was returned to me the same day; and now the cards have arrived on the 16th. and the quality is, as it was last year, excellent. i hope you benefit from your professionalism. ralph- cherry hill, nj i cannot thank you enough for everything that you have done to make my christmas cards wonderful. it has been a pleasure to talk to actual people and i will never use anyone else for cards again. cardsdirect is the only source i will ever trust! your company is friendly and very eager to help me make my card just the way i envisioned it! thank you so much! shay- panama city beach, fl i received the holiday cards today. we are very happy with the service and the product. your company is very commendable. thank you so much for all the assistance and patience. lorna- freemont, ca this is great turnaround! thanks so much for your help with this. look for our order next year! toni- gonzalez, fl i want to thank you for your great customer service and speedy follow-up to my order and e-mails. please forward this e-mail to your supervisor, because he or she should know that you are doing a great job! teresa- saint joseph, mi you are the best representative that i have ever worked with and your supervisor needs to know how refreshing and wonderful it is to work with someone that actually understands the meaning of customer service. michelle- virginia beach, va absolutely fantastic! i have never ordered an online digital card. they were perfect, and absolutely beautiful! i could not even believe it when they arrived as quickly as they did. they were half the price of my usual cards! i will be back, and will spread the word! patty- cleveland heights, oh i just wanted to compliment your customer service, professionalism, and efficiency when assisting me with my holiday card order this year. your follow-up and timely replies to my emails and concerns were much appreciated. tiffany- ronkonkoma, ny i was helping one of our administrative assistants at her desk today and noticed a box full of corporate christmas cards with a big gold “cardsdirect” sticker on top of it. she had some really nice things to say about your business. she said the quality of the cards was outstanding, especially for the price, and that your website is really easy to use and really gives you a good idea of what you’re getting without having to mess with samples. just wanted to pass this along! andy- dallas, tx i just received my cards in the mail and wanted to tell you how beautiful they are. i am pleased with the quality of the cards, but also with the professional assistance i received during the placement of my order and proof approval. well done. you can be sure we will be ordering again! sarah- mequon, wi i just wanted to let you know we received all 3 orders and the cards look great. thanks for all your help... and we look forward to ordering again from cards direct next year. keep up the good work! phyllis- woodland hills, ca we recently placed an order for our company holiday cards. i am writing to say thank you to your company and your employee who assisted us on finalizing our proof. needless to say, we had multiple changes and our rep was very helpful (and incredibly patient) in accommodating each of our requests. we greatly appreciate all of his efforts. shondell- new york, ny on behalf of our company i would like to tell you that our thanksgiving cards we recently ordered are the most beautiful ones we have ever chosen for our firm. the detail, color and quality are more than we expected. the ordering process was a breeze and i was shocked at how fast we received them. i have been ordering cards for the firm for the past 5 years and something has always happened with our order and i cringe when it comes time to order again. since we send out a thanksgiving card to our clients rather than a holiday card we find the choices can be somewhat limited. after receiving your catalog and checking out the website i found that cardsdirect has more choices and has some very unique artwork. thank you again for making this a pleasurable experience rather than a headache. jackie caraska- port orchard, wa i just wanted to comment on the wonderful variety of christmas cards available this year. you just get better and better. the card we selected this year reflects our values and says the perfect message to our customers and employees. thank you for listening to comments sent in the past and expanding your inventory. also thank you for the samples we requested. what you see on the internet and catalogs can look quite different in person. we appreciate the opportunity to actually look and feel the actual card that will represent us. janet- edmond, ok i just want to compliment you again on your web site and how you run your business. i came away with the feeling that i received a great value and had no trouble whatsoever navigating the customization of my card. there are so many businesses on the www who would do well to follow your example. your webmaster is truly a professional, and your business methods and philosophy are stellar! i'll be back--that's for sure! christine- hayfork, ca just wanted to let you know that we received our order today, and the cards are beautiful! i appreciate your excellent customer service, and look forward to ordering with you again! marjorie- cape girardeau, mo christmas cards best sellers business christmas cards business holiday cards cities and cityscapes calendars die cut window holiday phrases images of christmas religious themes see all photo & custom cards custom greeting cards photo holder cards photo christmas cards see all holiday & occasions new years recycled cards thanksgiving cards see all business greetings anniversary cards birthday cards sympathy cards thank you cards see all invites/announcements birth announcements baptism & christening birthday invitations business announcements graduation announcements halloween invitations holiday party invitations see all assortment packs see all premium paper & printing we like really nice cards, it's just that simple. that's we insist on the highest quality paper and use the best digital and offset printing to ensure your order meets our 100% satisfaction guarantee promise – every time. we like options too, which is why many of our cards are available in a variety of sizes and paper stocks to fit any budget. if you're not sure, just request a free sample and see for yourself. learn more… 100% guarantee we believe in our products. that's why every cardsdirect order comes with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. if you are unhappy with the quality or workmanship of your product for any reason, we will fix it, replace it, or you may return it. we will refund your full purchase price when the returned items are received. see our help page for more information. 12 years in business heck, we're almost an antique in "internet years". founded in 1998, we wanted to create a company that made sending custom cards easy. we never expected that solving that problem would make all of the fortune 100 companies (yes, all of them), along with thousands of small businesses and families across the country choose us. we really hope you like us too because we don't plan on going anywhere. bbb everyone likes getting good grades. the better business bureau (bbb) tracks and grades businesses for consumer fraud and ethical business practices… and we got an "a". cardsdirect has been a "bbb accredited business" since 2005, and is continually monitored on 16 rating factors. they like us, and we hope you will too! inc 500/5000 when you treat your customers nice, good things happen. cardsdirect is proud to have made the inc 500|5000 list of fastest growing private companies in 2009. thank you for putting us on the map! we believe strongly in customer service. a person who cares enough to send a card deserves a great amount of care in return, so in everything we do – our customers know we are right there, every step of the way, to make everything go smoothly. verisign security is important. cardsdirect is committed to ensuring that your identity and information are protected while you are a guest on our site. that's why we are a verified business with verisign (the most recognized trust mark on the internet) and why we use ssl encrypted data transmission during transactions. and just for fun, they scan us daily for malware too! © 1999-2011 cardsdirect llc home about us contact us help site map privacy policy terms & conditions blog wedding invitations tue, dec 27, 2011