来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121225165732/http://www.cardsdirect.com/faq.aspx
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - cardsdirect call tollfree: 866.700.5030 help | my account | live chat contact us faq live chat order status toolkit log in order status reorder request invoice saved projects seasonal for business for home photo cards invitations assortment packs special offers free ground shipping! use promo code cdhfsjan13 at checkout by 2/8/13. holiday & occasions valentine's day easter graduation earth day holiday 2013 view all categories business holiday best sellers logo & company name themes calendar cards invitations view all categories... personal holiday best sellers christmas cards photo cards themes religious cards view all categories... featured card type of card anniversary birthday get well sympathy thank you view all categories... business holiday christmas corporate holiday religious / merry christmas season's greetings personal holiday view all categories... featured cards type of card anniversary birthday get well sympathy thank you view all categories... personal holiday christmas cards religious personal photo cards photo christmas cards photo holder cards view all categories... family milestones birthday invitations birth announcements baby shower announcements baby thank you cards graduation announcements view all categories... featured card business photo cards business photo cards photo calendar cards personal photo cards personal photo cards photo christmas cards photo holder cards new year's cards view all categories... photo wedding wedding invitations featured card invites & announcements holiday party invitations birthday invitations graduation baptism & christening baby shower view all categories... corporate holiday party invitations business announcements moving announcements new years build your own card view all categories... party invitations holiday party invitations birthday party baby shower baptism & christening new years view all categories... wedding wedding invitations all occasion assorted all occasion assorted watercolor assorted sympathy assorted all occasion value assorted navy value view all categories... birthday assorted birthday happy birthday junior birthday celebration modern floral birthday chic junior assorted birthday view all categories... business greetings boxed business greetings sophisticated corporate assortment assorted all occasion value view all categories... holiday holiday collection corporate holiday modern holiday red holiday turquoise holiday view all categories... more info ... about us faq executive team news room media info cardsdirect blog card etiquette click below for answers to our most commonly asked questions. please don't hesitate to contact us if we can help in any way. how long does it take to get my cards? custom printed orders generally take 1 - 4 business days printing production time. shipping time is additional, and can take 1 – 6 business days depending on the shipping method you choose and where you ship to. this means you can usually expect your order to arrive in 2 – 10 business days. see more here. can i receive a sample card before i make a purchase? yes, free sample cards are available. cardsdirect offers up to three blank samples for your review. contact our customer support team if additional samples are needed or if you would like expedited shipping. sample cards arrive blank and envelopes are not included. to order samples, simply click on the image of the card style you are interested in and then click the request sample button located directly under the card image. click continue shopping to add more samples to your shopping cart. most mailed (non-expedited) sample requests are delivered within 7 business days. do you have suggested verses or can i write my own? the majority of our cards feature a customizable verse on the inside. you can select from one of our pre-written, pre-designed verses or add your own custom verse. not sure of what to say, or how to say it? download our say it write document for the perfect card sentiment. to see the verse selections available on our digital press cards, first click on the card that you'd like to order then click the green personalize card button. click the next button twice and it will display the default verse. click on any of the words in that verse and a new window will appear with all of our verse options. if you would like to write your own verse, simply delete the default verse and type in your own. for the list of verses available on our other cards, click on the card you like then click the green personalize card button. next, click the edit verse button for a list of all of the verses available. to write your own custom verse, click the custom greeting card icon at top then enter your own. do you sell cards printed on recycled paper? our digital press cards can be printed on 100% recycled paper stock. all categories of cards can be sorted by digital press styles. simply click on the card you would like to order. you will see the paper choices to the right. select the 100 lb. recycled matte white option. some of our other cards are printed on recycled stock as well. the description of each card will indicate if the paper is recycled. can i order blank cards? the vast majority of our cards can be ordered blank inside. however, some cards feature a pre-printed verse or design that cannot be removed. to order your cards blank inside, simply select the card you'd like and click the order blank inside button underneath the order options. (if that button is not available, then that card cannot be ordered blank.) do card designs come in different sizes? the majority of our digital press cards are available in three different sizes. click on the card style you like and you will see the size options to the right. you can choose junior size (5 1/2" x 4 1/4"), standard size (6 3/4" x 4 7/8") or signature size (7 7/8" x 5 5/8"). many of our digital photo cards are available flat or folded. other cards are available only in the sizes specified. click on the card you'd like and the size will be indicated in the product details section located underneath the card image. do you sell ecards? we do not have ecards available at this time. what is the minimum amount of cards available for purchase? many of our products have a minimum order quantity of 10 and are sold in increments of 5 up to 50 quantity." at quantities of 50 or more, all cards are sold in increments of 25. the cards available at these smaller quantities are referred to as our full color cards. to locate our full color cards, narrow the search at the top of the category page and check the box for "shop products w/full color printing. all other cards can be purchased at the minimum quantity of 25. to view the price for the quantity you are interested in, simply enter the quantity into the quantity box and the price will instantly update. (please note all cards default to 100 quantity). what is the maximum amount of cards available for purchase? you may order up to 100,000 cards on our site. to place an order above 100,000 cards, please call our customer service team at 1.866.700.5030, email us at support@cardsdirect.com or chat with a live representative on our website. cardsdirect has been fulfilling high quantity card orders since our onset. we specialize in high volume discounting and competitive pricing. to view the price for the quantity you are interested in, simply enter the quantity into the quantity box and the price will instantly update. (please note all cards default to 100 quantity). how do i see a proof? cardsdirect provides an online proof/preview system. click on the card image from the category page. configure your card options, starting with the quantity. then click the green personalize card button. an instant preview will appear upon entering your personalization and color choices. if you would like to view the proof again after the order is placed, but before the order is finalized, note this in the special instruction box when placing your order. we will not process your order until the proof has been approved. please keep in mind additional time is required for proofing after the order is placed and is not included in the 1-4 business day production time. the emailed proof offers the customer the option to approve the proof as-is or to request revisions. if revisions are requested, we will revise the order per the request and email a new proof. the order will remain on hold until the proof is approved. some card selections do not show the preview of the logo or artwork uploaded so an emailed proof approval is necessary before we print the order. what is quick stick? quick stick envelopes include a removable strip which exposes a self-adhesive edge that seals each envelope closed. simply remove the protective seal to expose the self-adhesive edge, press closed, and send! how do i order extra envelopes? to order extra envelopes, enter your request in the special instructions box when personalizing your card. extra envelopes are available in quantities of 25. extra envelopes are $.25 each for unprinted and $.50 each for printed envelopes. what type of photo format do you accept? if you are placing your order online your photo will need to be in a jpeg format in order for your photo to be uploaded to your card. please insure that your file is at least 300dpi in resolution. if you are unable to have your photo in a jpeg format you may also email your file to artwork@cardsdirect.com after your order has been submitted. we are able to use most file types including photoshop, pdf, illustrator and tiff files. please note that we are unable to use word documents and powerpoint files. what if my image appears fuzzy or pixilated on the preview? the way your photo or image appears on the online proof of your card is how your card will print. if your photo appears blurry or pixilated, it may be because the resolution is not high enough and a new photo or image with a higher resolution will be needed. when you upload your image to your card and it is not the correct resolution you should receive a warning pop-up indicating that a new image may be needed. if you receive this message you may need to rescan your photo or image in a higher resolution or locate a new file that is in a higher resolution. you may also mail your image or photo to our office and we will apply it to your card. if you are not sure if your photo or image is the right resolution, you may submit your order with special instructions asking us to look at them for you. can i send our logo to you to be scanned? you may have your logo or artwork sent to our location for us to scan. we will then have an email proof sent to you after we have applied your artwork to your card for you to review. please have your order number with your artwork. cardsdirect inc attn: graphics department 12750 merit drive, suite 900 dallas, tx 75251 how do we add our signature with our logo to a card with full color printing? select the green personalize card button. you will see a series of icons at the top of the page. select the "photos/logo" icon which will be the last one on the right that looks like two overlapping photos. a new window will pop up that will prompt you to upload your logo and signature from your computer. the files will need to be saved as a jpeg file types in order for them to be uploaded to your card. after locating the files you would like on your card, select the file and then select open; you will then see a small thumbnail of your file to the right of your card. after you have uploaded your first file, select the "photo/logo" icon again and then select your second file. you should now have two files uploaded to the right of your card your signature file and your logo file. select the "green next button" until you have found the location where you would like to place your files on your card. once you have found where you would like to place your logo and signature drag the thumbnail images of your files that are located to the right of your card onto your card. with your logo and signature files added to the card, hover over the files with your cursor to see the "logo editing tools" window pop up near the logo or signature. this will allow you to manipulate the size and alignment of your file. once you have your logo and signature where you like them on your card, select the "green next button" until you reach the approval screen. here you may add any special instruction requests. after initialing your approval, select the green "add to cart" button and your logo and signature will be saved to your card. how can we pay by company check? we will likely be able invoice your business for orders once our online corporate payment option form is filled out. whenever you are ready to place an order with cardsdirect, simply begin the checkout process by signing in with an email. then, on the billing & shipping screen, click the dropdown arrow at payment method to select "corporate billing". see screenshots below to view what fields will be required. once these fields are entered and the order is submitted, we will review the corporate billing information and possibly contact you with questions or send an invoice. -that's it; the account will then be set up for future orders. if you need anything from us, such as a w-9, please submit your request in our billing special instructions box on this same billing & shipping page (near bottom, before you click to review order). what is your return policy? our products come with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. if you are unhappy with your order for any reason, you may return it to the address below. we recommend using a shipping method that provides a tracking number for the return delivery. we will refund the full amount charged once we receive the returned items. you may return your order to: cardsdirect returns 12750 merit drive, suite 900 dallas, tx 75251 business greetings birthday cards business referral cards congratulations cards get well cards note cards sympathy cards thank you cards see all christmas cards best sellers business christmas cards calendars holiday phrases see all photo & custom cards custom greeting cards photo calendar cards post cards see all assortment packs see all invites/announcements birth announcements baptism & christening birthday invitations business announcements graduation announcements see all holiday & occasions new years recycled cards valentines day cards see all premium paper & printing we like really nice cards, it's just that simple. that's why we insist on the highest quality paper and use the best digital and offset printing to ensure your order meets our 100% satisfaction guarantee promise – every time. we like options too, which is why many of our cards are available in a variety of sizes and paper stocks to fit any budget. if you're not sure, just request a free sample and see for yourself. learn more… 100% guarantee we believe in our products. that's why every cardsdirect order comes with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. if you are unhappy with the quality or workmanship of your product for any reason, we will fix it, replace it, or you may return it. we will refund your full purchase price when the returned items are received. see our help page for more information. 13 years in business heck, we're almost an antique in "internet years". founded in 1998, we wanted to create a company that made sending custom cards easy. we never expected that solving that problem would make all of the fortune 100 companies (yes, all of them), along with thousands of small businesses and families across the country choose us. we really hope you like us too because we don't plan on going anywhere. bbb everyone likes getting good grades. the better business bureau (bbb) tracks and grades businesses for consumer fraud and ethical business practices… and we got an "a". cardsdirect has been a "bbb accredited business" since 2005, and is continually monitored on 16 rating factors. they like us, and we hope you will too! inc 500/5000 when you treat your customers nice, good things happen. cardsdirect is proud to have made the inc 500|5000 list of fastest growing private companies in 2009. thank you for putting us on the map! we believe strongly in customer service. a person who cares enough to send a card deserves a great amount of care in return, so in everything we do – our customers know we are right there, every step of the way, to make everything go smoothly. verisign security is important. cardsdirect is committed to ensuring that your identity and information are protected while you are a guest on our site. that's why we are a verified business with verisign (the most recognized trust mark on the internet) and why we use ssl encrypted data transmission during transactions. and just for fun, they scan us daily for malware too! © 1999-2013 cardsdirect inc home about us contact us help site map privacy policy terms & conditions blog wedding invitations fri, jan 18, 2013