来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231165333/http://www.cardsdirect.com/faq.aspx
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - cardsdirect contact us faq live chat order status toolkit log in order status reorder request invoice saved projects free ground shipping on orders of $99+! use promo code chfsq45 at checkout by 12/31/15. call tollfree 866.700.5030 my account | favorites | help | live chat my cart (0) christmas seasonal for business for home photo cards invitations assortments business christmas business christmas cards logo customer appreciation professional occupation company name view all categories... themes snowflake funny christmas trees snowmen modern view all themes... religious angels nativity three wisemen madonna and child hanukkah view all religious... featured card holiday & occasions thanksgiving cards 2015 holiday cards new years cards die-cut window cards cityscapes view all categories... business holiday best sellers logo & company name themes calendar cards invitations view all categories... personal holiday photo cards best sellers christmas cards themes religious cards view all categories... featured card type of card anniversary birthday get well sympathy thank you view all categories... business holiday corporate holiday thanksgiving cards merry christmas season's greetings personal holiday view all categories... business products business cards business envelopes personalized stationery business stamps designer stamps view all products... featured card type of card anniversary birthday get well build your own card thank you view all categories... personal holiday christmas cards religious personal photo cards photo christmas cards photo holder cards view all categories... family milestones birthday invitations birth announcements baby shower announcements baby thank you cards graduation announcements view all categories... featured card business photo cards business photo cards photo calendar cards personal photo cards christmas photo cards photo holder cards photo calendar cards new year's cards view all categories... photo wedding wedding invitations featured card invites & announcements holiday party invitations birthday invitations graduation wedding invitations baby shower view all categories... corporate holiday party invitations business invitations moving announcements build your own card view all categories... party invitations holiday party invitations birthday party baby shower baptism & christening new years view all categories... featured card holiday assortments elegant holiday assortment winter greeting three holidays snowflakes holiday assortment holiday blues assortment view all categories... all occasion assortments assorted all occasion dream wave business appreciation modern all occasion sympathy view all categories... birthday assortments assorted birthday birthday bash birthday basics all wrapped up patriotic birthday view all categories... featured assortment sets more info ... about us faq executive team news room media info cardsdirect blog card etiquette click below for answers to our most commonly asked questions. please don't hesitate to contact us if we can help in any way. how long does it take to get my cards? custom printed orders generally take 1 - 4 business days printing production time. shipping time is additional, and can take 1 – 6 business days depending on the shipping method you choose and where you ship to. this means you can usually expect your order to arrive in 2 – 10 business days. see more here. can i receive a sample card before i make a purchase? yes, free sample cards are available. cardsdirect offers up to three blank samples for your review. contact our customer support team if additional samples are needed or if you would like expedited shipping. sample cards arrive blank and envelopes are not included. to order samples, simply click on the image of the card style you are interested in and then click the request sample button located directly under the card image. click continue shopping to add more samples to your shopping cart. most mailed (non-expedited) sample requests are delivered within 7 business days. do you have suggested verses or can i write my own? the majority of our cards feature a customizable verse on the inside. you can select from one of our pre-written, pre-designed verses or add your own custom verse. not sure of what to say, or how to say it? download our say it write document for the perfect card sentiment. to see the verse selections available on our digital press cards, first click on the card that you'd like to order then click the green personalize card button. click the next button twice and it will display the default verse. click on any of the words in that verse and a new window will appear with all of our verse options. if you would like to write your own verse, simply delete the default verse and type in your own. for the list of verses available on our other cards, click on the card you like then click the green personalize card button. next, click the edit verse button for a list of all of the verses available. to write your own custom verse, click the custom greeting card icon at top then enter your own. what is on the inside of your cards? for each product we select one of hundreds of verses as the default verse. click personalize to see which verse we've selected for the products you are looking for. you have the following options when it comes to the inside of the card. use the default verse that cardsdirect has selected. select one of many other cardsdirect verses. remove the preselected verse and write anything you like! remove the verse entirely to leave room for your handwritten message. this is the "order blank inside" option on our product pages. can i order blank cards? the vast majority of our cards can be ordered blank inside. however, some cards feature a pre-printed verse or design that cannot be removed. to order your cards blank inside, simply select the card you'd like and click the order blank inside button underneath the order options. (if that button is not available, then that card cannot be ordered blank.) do card designs come in different sizes? the majority of our digital press cards are available in three different sizes. click on the card style you like and you will see the size options to the right. you can choose junior size (5 1/2" x 4 1/4"), standard size (6 3/4" x 4 7/8") or signature size (7 7/8" x 5 5/8"). many of our digital photo cards are available flat or folded. other cards are available only in the sizes specified. click on the card you'd like and the size will be indicated in the product details section located underneath the card image. do you sell ecards? we do not have ecards available at this time. what is the minimum amount of cards available for purchase? many of our products have a minimum order quantity of 10 and are sold in increments of 5 up to 50 quantity." at quantities of 50 or more, all cards are sold in increments of 25. the cards available at these smaller quantities are referred to as our full color cards. to locate our full color cards, narrow the search at the top of the category page and check the box for "shop products w/full color printing. all other cards can be purchased at the minimum quantity of 25. to view the price for the quantity you are interested in, simply enter the quantity into the quantity box and the price will instantly update. (please note all cards default to 100 quantity). what is the maximum amount of cards available for purchase? you may order up to 100,000 cards on our site. to place an order above 100,000 cards, please call our customer service team at 1.866.700.5030, email us at support@cardsdirect.com or chat with a live representative on our website. cardsdirect has been fulfilling high quantity card orders since our onset. we specialize in high volume discounting and competitive pricing. to view the price for the quantity you are interested in, simply enter the quantity into the quantity box and the price will instantly update. (please note all cards default to 100 quantity). how do i see a proof? cardsdirect provides an online proof/preview system. click on the card image from the category page. configure your card options, starting with the quantity. then click the green personalize card button. an instant preview will appear upon entering your personalization and color choices. if you would like to view the proof again after the order is placed, but before the order is finalized, note this in the special instruction box when placing your order. we will not process your order until the proof has been approved. please keep in mind additional time is required for proofing after the order is placed and is not included in the 1-4 business day production time. the emailed proof offers the customer the option to approve the proof as-is or to request revisions. if revisions are requested, we will revise the order per the request and email a new proof. the order will remain on hold until the proof is approved. some card selections do not show the preview of the logo or artwork uploaded so an emailed proof approval is necessary before we print the order. what is quick stick? quick stick envelopes include a removable strip which exposes a self-adhesive edge that seals each envelope closed. simply remove the protective seal to expose the self-adhesive edge, press closed, and send! how do i order extra envelopes? you can easily order from 5 to 500 extra envelopes at $0.25/ea while placing your order. to order extra envelopes, look for the dropdown box that says "need extra envelopes?" and choose your desired quantity from the list. if you need more than 500 extra envelopes, please enter your request in the special instructions box when personalizing your card and our customer service team will gladly handle your request. what type of photo format do you accept? if you are placing your order online your photo will need to be in a jpeg format in order for your photo to be uploaded to your card. please insure that your file is at least 300dpi in resolution. if you are unable to have your photo in a jpeg format you may also email your file to artwork@cardsdirect.com after your order has been submitted. we are able to use most file types including photoshop, pdf, illustrator and tiff files. please note that we are unable to use word documents and powerpoint files. what if my image appears fuzzy or pixilated on the preview? the way your photo or image appears on the online proof of your card is how your card will print. if your photo appears blurry or pixilated, it may be because the resolution is not high enough and a new photo or image with a higher resolution will be needed. when you upload your image to your card and it is not the correct resolution you should receive a warning pop-up indicating that a new image may be needed. if you receive this message you may need to rescan your photo or image in a higher resolution or locate a new file that is in a higher resolution. you may also mail your image or photo to our office and we will apply it to your card. if you are not sure if your photo or image is the right resolution, you may submit your order with special instructions asking us to look at them for you. can i send our logo to you to be scanned? you may have your logo or artwork sent to our location for us to scan. we will then have an email proof sent to you after we have applied your artwork to your card for you to review. please have your order number with your artwork. cardsdirect inc attn: graphics department 12750 merit drive, suite 900 dallas, tx 75251 how do we add our signature with our logo to a card with full color printing? select the green “personalize” button. click the “signature” button on the top right under the image library heading. if you already have your signature scanned and saved as a jpg or png file, select the option that says “click here to upload the file. locate the file on your computer, select it, and click open. your signature will be uploaded and will appear in the image library to the right. repeat this step until all of your images have been uploaded. you also have the option of taking a photo of your signature with your smart phone and uploading it that way. click the “get started” button to use this feature. repeat this step until all of your images have been uploaded. once you have all of your signatures uploaded, click the next step button until you see the part of the card that you would like to add your signatures to. simply drag the thumbnails of the signatures from the image library to the card. you can then enlarge or reposition the signatures as needed. click on the placed image to see the available logo editing tools. how can we pay by company check? we will likely be able invoice your business for orders once our online corporate payment option form is filled out. whenever you are ready to place an order with cardsdirect, simply begin the checkout process by signing in with an email. then, on the billing & shipping screen, click the dropdown arrow at payment method to select "corporate billing". see screenshots below to view what fields will be required. once these fields are entered and the order is submitted, we will review the corporate billing information and possibly contact you with questions or send an invoice. -that's it; the account will then be set up for future orders. if you need anything from us, such as a w-9, please submit your request in our billing special instructions box on this same billing & shipping page (near bottom, before you click to review order). what is your return policy? our products come with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. if you are unhappy with your order for any reason, you may return it to the address below. we recommend using a shipping method that provides a tracking number for the return delivery. we will refund the full amount charged once we receive the returned items. you may return your order to: cardsdirect returns 12750 merit drive, suite 900 dallas, tx 75251 how can i remove myself from your email list? click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email you received from cardsdirect. if you cannot find that, please feel free to contact our customer service team and they will help you. do you charge sales tax? sales tax will be collected on us based order if shipped to addresses in texas, minnesota or pennsylvania. i’m a holiday classics, landmark image, celebrate the season or eimicke customer and i’ve got questions. will my billing information be carried over, including credit card and corporate billing information? yes, your billing information will be transferred from your existing account. however, you will need to re-enter any credit card information that was previously on file. after this is done once, you will have the option to save it for future purchases. will the same personalization options be available on cardsdirect.com? cardsdirect offers an impressive, comprehensive and easy-to-use customization engine. our expanded features mean you are able to create customized products expertly tailored to your needs. can i expect the same great pricing and offers i’ve received in the past? yes, you can expect the same straightforward low pricing on every single item. for extra savings, be sure to check out our current offers and promotions. i want to re-order the same product. will cardsdirect carry the same products i have ordered in the past? yes, you will have access to the same products. keep in mind, though, that from time to time items are discontinued in order to keep our product selection current. should that happen, just contact one of our customer service representatives. they can help you find similar products at an equal value. will my same user id and password work, now that i will be shopping on cardsdirect.com? you will now need to log in with your email address instead of your customer number, but your password will remain the same. will the cardsdirect customer service have access to a logo used on previous orders? yes, our graphics department will have access to artwork you have used in a previous order. our elite team of designers will work with you to ensure your artwork is print-ready and color-accurate. you can always contact them directly with questions or concerns. what is the credit bank and how do i use it? what is the credit bank? the credit bank displays any cardsdirect credit that has been added to your account and details pertaining to that credit. how do i get cardsdirect credit? credit may be added by cardsdirect customer service for a number of reasons. for instance, a credit may be issued in place of a refund if you return your order. it may also be added during certain promotional events. how do i use a credit from my credit bank? you have the option of applying available credit to a new order in the shopping cart. available credit will be displayed next to the order total and can be used by clicking the apply credit link. the available credit will be deducted from the order total.. shop best sellers >> christmas cards best sellers business christmas cards cities and cityscapes calendars company name holiday phrases images of christmas landscapes logo modern holiday cards personal christmas cards religious themes winter scenes see all photo & custom cards custom greeting cards photo christmas cards photo calendar cards christmas postcards see all holiday & occasions new year thanksgiving cards see all business greetings birthday cards anniversary cards note cards thank you cards see all calendars see all business products business cards designer stamps notepads personalized stationery see all assortment sets see all invitations & announcements birth announcements baptism & christening birthday invitations business announcements graduation announcements see all premium paper & printing we like really nice cards, it's just that simple. that's why we insist on the highest quality paper and use the best digital and offset printing to ensure your order meets our 100% satisfaction guarantee promise – every time. we like options too, which is why many of our cards are available in a variety of sizes and paper stocks to fit any budget. if you're not sure, just request a free sample and see for yourself. learn more… 100% guarantee we believe in our products. that's why every cardsdirect order comes with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. if you are unhappy with the quality or workmanship of your product for any reason, we will fix it, replace it, or you may return it. we will refund your full purchase price when the returned items are received. see our help page for more information. 13 years in business heck, we're almost an antique in "internet years". founded in 1998, we wanted to create a company that made sending custom cards easy. we never expected that solving that problem would make all of the fortune 100 companies (yes, all of them), along with thousands of small businesses and families across the country choose us. we really hope you like us too because we don't plan on going anywhere. bbb everyone likes getting good grades. the better business bureau (bbb) tracks and grades businesses for consumer fraud and ethical business practices… and we got an "a+"! cardsdirect has been a "bbb accredited business" since 2005, and is continually monitored on 16 rating factors. they like us, and we hope you will too! inc 500/5000 when you treat your customers nice, good things happen. cardsdirect is proud to have made the inc 500|5000 list of fastest growing private companies in 2009. thank you for putting us on the map! we believe strongly in customer service. a person who cares enough to send a card deserves a great amount of care in return, so in everything we do – our customers know we are right there, every step of the way, to make everything go smoothly. verisign security is important. cardsdirect is committed to ensuring that your identity and information are protected while you are a guest on our site. that's why we are a verified business with verisign (the most recognized trust mark on the internet) and why we use ssl encrypted data transmission during transactions. and just for fun, they scan us daily for malware too! follow us on social media site map terms & conditions privacy policy © 1999-2015 cardsdirect inc