来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171218125128/https://www.cardsdirect.com/sales/partnership-program.aspx
================================================================================

cardsdirect partnership program contact us faq live chat order status sign in log in create an account track an order manage my account reset password billing / shipping payment info account credits saved items favorites saved carts saved projects order history order status re-order sign in contact us contact info 866.700.5030 live chat email subscriptions join our email list request a catalog help help check order status faq re-order live chat 0 greeting cards holiday assortments chocolates design your own business products holiday & occasions 2017 holiday cards cityscapes die-cut window cards religious thanksgiving cards view all categories... business holiday best sellers calendar cards logo & company name invitations themes view all categories... personal holiday best sellers christmas cards photo cards religious cards themes view all categories... featured card can't find what you need?live chat now shop by season business holiday cards christmas new year's thanksgiving shop by style classic business modern new arrivals photo cards - corporate photo cards - family shop by message appreciation from all of us funny & fun happy holidays merry christmas occupation specific peace & joy religious season's greetings shop by imagery animals bold type & scripts christmas tree cities & cityscapes ornaments patriotic snowflake snowmen tropical & beach winter scenes design details company name die cut foil & embossed logo unique sizes calendar cards christmas postcards unique formats can't find what you need?live chat now most popular business holiday christmas thanksgiving new year birthday thank you sympathy anniversary occasion anniversary birthday congratulations get well holiday new year sympathy thank you thanksgiving thinking of you welcome business / office holiday photo cards - corporate business referral calendars customer appreciation business appreciation print marketing materials moving announcement note cards invitations holiday / christmas award ceremony baby birthday dinner party fundraiser save the date wedding can't find what you need?live chat now greeting card templates horizontal signature: 7.875” x 5.625" standard: 6.75” x 4.875” junior: 5.5” x 4.25” vertical signature: 5.625” x 7.875” standard: 4.875” x 6.75” junior: 4.25” x 5.5” business templates business cards letterhead business envelopes personalized stationery return address labels mailing labels notepads invitations & announcements calendars rubber stamps unique sizes & formats postcards square skyscraper - 4" x 8" oblong - 8" x 4" can't find what you need?live chat now greeting cards by occasion birthday business appreciation holiday mixed occasions sympathy birthday all wrapped up assorted birthday birthday basics classic birthday patriotic birthday view all christmas / holiday holiday blues snowflakes holiday three holidays winter greetings view all can't find what you need?live chat now corporate identity business cards custom stickers and seals letterhead & envelopes notepads personalized stationery marketing & promotion invitations postcards moving announcements calendars appointment design your own christmas calendar cards all-occasion calendar cards desk / desktop magnetic photo calendars labels / stickers design your own labels & seals return address labels special event products custom coasters personalized napkins rubber business stamps design your own horizontal - small horizontal - large circle cardsdirect partnership program your brand + our cards our plans a tailored marketing experience designed to take your business to the next level! choose from three tiers. basic free stay on brand while building relationships. sign up design and feature up to three branded products on our website. choose an existing product(s); add your company logo and customizations inside. we’ll provide you with a product number and shareable link to the product page. customers, employees, and online shoppers will have direct access to your branded products to place orders. // learn more // plus a print marketing hub for your business. request a quote exclusive product designs for your business. custom landing page that features your designs. a personal account manager that will walk you through the process step by step. collaborative conference call to strategize expectations. we’ll provide you with product numbers and a shareable link to your custom landing page. customers, employees, and online shoppers will have direct access to your exclusive branded products and custom landing page to place orders. // learn more // pro we build you a full e-commerce business. request a quote a custom-built website with 24-hour website monitoring. complete branded products list with exclusive products for your business designed in-house by our experienced team of graphic artists. product numbers and a shareable link to your e-commerce business. consistent product and website updates with collaborative conference calls. a personal account team, customer service center, and sales squad available during regular business hours and extended hours during the holidays. round-the-clock fulfillment center for all customer orders. full-service marketing package including direct mail, email, seo, and more. customers, employees, and online shoppers will have direct access to your e-commerce business through your sharable link and all major search engines. // learn more // why cardsdirect? basic plan information companies like scs engineers have seen success with our basic plan. now, you can too! make your branded product designs readily available for purchase on our site. ordering is easy; anyone can choose a quantity, add addresses to product envelopes, and additional personalizations. customers, employees, and online shoppers will have direct access to your unique customized greeting cards, office merchandise, and printed collateral. stand out, make your selections, and start designing today! get started and request a quote plus plan information companies like the salvation army have created an effective print marketing hub with our plus plan. now, you can too! we’ll assign you a personal account manager to coordinate a product launch for your branded greeting cards, office merchandise, and printed collateral. our in-house graphic artists will help tailor a unique approach for marketing your business through your chosen print mediums – with products exclusive to your organization and distinct voice featured on a brand-new landing page. reach out to our team now – and learn the most profitable ways to connect with your customers. get started and request a quote pro plan information companies see substantial returns from our pro plan. we’ll build a strategy for your business that includes an e-commerce website, exclusive products, a full-service customer support team, and fulfillment center. you’ll receive a tailored marketing package offering email, direct mail, and search engine optimization (seo) with consistent updates and product additions. the pinnacle of your new business starts here – contact us for a next-level strategy on how to raise your bottom line with cardsdirect. get started and request a quote case studies read how cardsdirect’s innovative system for brand accuracy and product distribution enhanced marketing efforts for pkf o’connor davies. click to read more! read how cardsdirect teamed up with fedex to craft an incredible story for their future print marketing efforts. click to read more! contact us we have a team devoted to our partnership program. please contact us at [email protected] or 866-700-5030 ext. 64208. frequently asked questions how do i choose the right plan for my business? our basic, plus and pro plan offer greeting card and print marketing on different scales. if you simply want to present a few custom designs to employees and clients, our basic plan is the best fit. if you are looking to have a custom landing page where you can showcase several designs, talk to us about our plus plan. for a full-service customer-facing e-commerce business meant to elevate your bottom line, let us design a pro plan that is perfect for your organization.contact us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected] how long will it take for customers to receive our products? the time it takes to receive a customized product is a combination of production, printing, and shipping. production + printing + shipping = timing. production and printing each takes approximately 1-4 business days. shipping time can take 1-6 business days depending on your shipping address as well as your shipping method. you can usually expect orders to arrive in 2-10 business days. see more here. can you ship internationally? we ship to the united states and canada. standard ground services are unavailable for alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico; orders to these areas will automatically be set to the most economical expedited air option available. what dimensions, paper types, and envelopes can we use? our custom cards are available in a number of sizes, formats, and on a variety of paper stocks. our most popular sizes are our standard folded size (horizontal or vertical, 6 3/4 “ x 4 7/8”) and our signature folded size (horizontal or vertical, 7 7/8” x 5 5/8”). for a complete list of all of our size, paper and envelope options, click here. for designers, each panel of the card needs to allow for a .125 inch bleed on all sides, except on the fold. files can be jpeg, psd, ai, pdf, or png. please make sure the files are 300 dpi. please contact us for more information. what are your customization options? you can add a logo, text, signatures, graphics, and photographs to any of our products. can customizations be added to the front of your cards? you can add customizations to the front on any of our digital press cards. all digital press cards are displayed with the letters dp in front of the product number on our website. can you do the design(s) for us? for our basic plan, you can update a current product on our website to fit your branding. our plus plan offers the option to have custom designs created for your organization but is subject to fees. with the pro plan, our design team creates all 100% original designs for your business. contact us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected] what is the pricing structure for each plan? our basic plan is free. pricing for our plus and pro plans are based on the specific needs of each client. contact us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected] basic plan faq's how many cards can we put on your website? you can choose up to three custom products to feature. can everyone that comes to your website see our products? we will provide a link to your products that customers and employees can use. anyone who is given access to that link can view your custom products. plus plan faq's are there a minimum number of orders necessary to qualify for your plus plan? no. our average number of orders to be a part of our partnership program is 25, but we work with customers on a case by case basis. who comes up with/creates our custom product designs? this is a collaboration between our design team and your organization. what will my custom landing page look like? we recommend contacting us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected], but in the meantime, here is a link to the landing page we did for the salvation army. how many products can we feature on our landing page? the number of products varies; please contact us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected] do you do any marketing for our products? there is a marketing package offered with our pro plan. how much is the plus plan? prices are subject to change based on the needs of each client. contact us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected] pro plan faq's are there a minimum number of orders necessary to qualify for your pro plan? minimum 25 orders. please contact us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected] how many custom products do i get with your pro plan? product count is subject to change based on the needs of our clients. who comes up with/creates our custom product designs? we create all custom products for your organization based on your specifications. what will my custom website look like? we recommend contacting us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected]. how many new products are created for our business each (year, quarter, month)? product count is subject to change based on the needs of our clients. will you provide me with consistent progress reports? yes; daily, weekly, or monthly. can you provide me with progress reports from other companies who have used your services? yes; available upon request. what kind of marketing do you do for our products/website? we offer a full-service marketing package including direct mail, email, and seo. to learn more about our marketing package and additional services, contact us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected] is your marketing strategy the same for everyone? our marketing packages are tailored to the specific needs of each client. can customers make additional customizations to our products? yes, unless you would like to have that option turned off. how much is the pro plan? prices are subject to change based on the needs of each client. contact us for a free consultation at (866) 700-5030 x64208 or [email protected] help 1.866.700.5030 customer care shipping & returns faqs live chat sitemap about us about cardsdirect privacy policy terms return policy site map partnership program future designer scholarship for you my account my favorites order status order tracking reorder let's connect facebook twitter instagram pinterest blog login in to your account enjoy faster checkout, access to saved favorites, and up-to-date tracking information with a cardsdirect account. want to check the status of an order in order to check the status of an existing order, you must first log in into an existing account. if you don't have an account, create one now using the email address associated with your order. don't lose your customization - save your design in order to save your customization, you must log in to an existing account or create an account. you need an account in order to save this item and return to it later, you must create an account or login. save this as a favorite you can temporarily save favorites without an account but they will be lost when you close your browser. create an account or log in to an existing account to keep and share your favorites. do you have a tax exempt certificate? if you are eligible for tax exemption, you will need to send us your tax exempt certificate. you will need an account to do this. log in to an existing account or create an account now. new customers i need to create an account because i want to check the status of an order. create an account i do not have an account but want to save my design. create an account i want to create an account so i can provide my tax exempt certificate. create an account i do not have an account but want to keep and save my favorites create an account i don't want to create an account right now. i just want to temporary save favorites as i shop. temporarily save you do not need an account to checkout. you will have an opportunity to create an account later if you change your mind. continue email address please enter your e-mail address. please enter a valid e-mail address. returning customers email addressrequired please enter your e-mail address. please enter a valid e-mail address. passwordrequired please enter your password. forgot password? invalid username and/or password. we will not share or use your email address without consent. forgot your password? no problem. resetting your password is quick and easy. provide your email address and we will send you a link. email address please enter your e-mail address. please enter a valid e-mail address. recover password return to login create an account enjoy faster checkout, up-to-date tracking information and other enhanced features with an account. first name required please enter your first name. last name required please enter your last name. email address required please enter your email address. please enter a valid e-mail address. password required passwords must be: at least 8 characters contain no spaces case-sensitive please provide a password. the password does not meet the requirements. send me money-saving promotions. i have an account we will not share or use your email address without consent. enjoy instant savings of 15% off your order today sign up for the latest news, helpful tips and our most exclusive offers. please enter your first and last name. please enter a valid email address. first name required last name required email required sign up thanks for signing up! we just sent you a welcome email and also added a special 15% off promo code to your shopping cart. start shopping suggested searches i need to re-order? what's the status of my order? birthday thank you holiday / christmas