来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171218125128/https://www.cardsdirect.com/faq.aspx
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - cardsdirect contact us faq live chat order status toolkit sign in log in create an account track an order manage my account reset password billing / shipping payment info account credits saved items favorites saved carts saved projects order history order status re-order sign in contact us contact info 866.700.5030 live chat email subscriptions join our email list request a catalog help help check order status faq re-order live chat 0 for business for home photo cards invitations assortments birthday seasonal holiday & occasions 2016 holiday cards thanksgiving cards die-cut window cards cityscapes religious view all categories... business holiday best sellers logo & company name themes calendar cards invitations view all categories... personal holiday photo cards best sellers christmas cards themes religious cards view all categories... featured card type of card anniversary birthday get well sympathy thank you view all categories... business holiday corporate holiday thanksgiving cards "merry christmas" cards season's greetings personal holiday view all categories... business products business cards business envelopes personalized stationery business stamps view all products... featured card type of card anniversary birthday get well build your own card thank you view all categories... personal holiday christmas cards religious personal photo cards photo christmas cards "merry christmas" cards view all categories... family milestones birthday invitations birth announcements baby shower announcements baby thank you cards graduation announcements view all categories... featured card business photo cards business photo cards photo calendar cards personal photo cards christmas photo cards "merry christmas" cards photo calendar cards new year's cards view all categories... photo wedding wedding invitations featured card invites & announcements holiday party invitations birthday invitations graduation wedding invitations baby shower view all categories... corporate holiday party invitations business invitations moving announcements build your own card view all categories... party invitations holiday party invitations birthday party baby shower baptism & christening new years view all categories... featured card all occasion assortments dream wave business appreciation modern all occasion sympathy view all categories... birthday assortments assorted birthday classic birthday birthday basics all wrapped up patriotic birthday view all categories... christmas/holiday winter greetings three holidays snowflakes holiday holiday blues view all categories... featured assortment sets birthday assortments featured birthday cards frequently asked questions have a question? find it here. quick links manage account order status track my shipped item place a re-order shipping options & costs return policy supported file formats what can i customize? frequently asked questions about our products - do your products come in different sizes? the best way to determine what size and formats are available for a product is to explore the product options menu. click the “size & format” section to reveal all of the available dimensions. our most popular products are our greeting cards. some of these products can be ordered in a flat or folded format. our most popular card sizes are: junior size (5 1/2" x 4 1/4") standard size (6 3/4" x 4 7/8") signature size (7 7/8" x 5 5/8") - what is on the inside of your greeting cards? most of our greeting card products include a default message or verse on the card’s interior. you can choose to keep, edit or delete this design element. you can select the option to “order blank inside,” which will remove any default, interior messaging. be sure to browse our verse library for a complete list of pre-formatted, pre-designed verses. - what is the minimum quantity of greeting cards available for purchase? many of our products have a minimum order quantity of 10 and are sold in increments of 5 up to 50. quantities over 50 are sold in increments of 25. - what is the maximum quantity of cards available for purchase? you can order up to 100,000 cards on our site. however, if you plan to order over a quantity of 2,000 cards, we recommend you contact one of our customer service team members. you may be eligible for a high volume discount or other special offers. for more information, email sales@cardsdirect.com. - what is the difference between gummed and peel & seal envelope closure? gummed envelopes include a layer of adhesive along the envelope’s flap that must be moistened to create a seal. this is the most common type of envelope. peel & seal envelopes include a strip of latex adhesive on the envelope’s flap. remove the protective seal; press your envelope closed and your envelopes are ready to go. peel & seal closure is a clean, time-saving feature. - can i order extra envelopes? extra envelopes come in handy if mistakes are made during addressing. when selecting your style of envelope from the product options, you will have the opportunity to add extra envelopes to your order. extra envelopes are $.25/ea. if you need more than 500 extra envelopes, please contact a customer service team member. - do you sell ecards? we do not have ecards available at this time. - do you offer addressing services? addressing and mailing services are available upon request. please contact our customer support team for details and pricing. customizing our products - how do i place a reorder? log into my account where you will see your order status & history. find the item and click the reorder button. you will need to review your customization again before you can place it into your cart. be sure to review your product options to ensure you want the same quantity as before. - how can i customize my product? for more information on the different ways to customize a product, view our customization overview. - can i receive a sample before i place my order? printed samples are available for most of our products, and you can order up to three free printed samples on select greeting cards. our digitally printed samples can be fully customized, allowing you to see your unique personalization before placing your order. you are also able to select your preferred size and paper stock. envelopes are not included with your samples. most sample requests are delivered within 7 business days. should you need more than three samples or if you require expedited shipping, contact our customer support team at 866.700.5030. - do you have suggested verses or can i write my own? our products feature editable text and give you the ability to add new text to your design as well. if you aren’t sure of what to say or how to say it, you can browse our verse library, which is a collection of pre-written pre-designed verses. for a more extensive collection of verse options, download our say it write document. - can i order blank cards? the vast majority of our cards can be ordered blank inside. choose the button “order blank inside” or delete any unwanted design elements once you are inside our product editor. some cards feature a pre-printed verse or design that cannot be removed. - how can i add a photo, logo, or signature to my product? within our product editor, you can choose upload photo, logo or signature. click the desired option. a popup with detailed instructions will appear. you can choose to upload an existing file or upload an image from your smartphone. if you require assistance, contact a graphics specialist at 866.700.5030. - can i see a proof of my customization? we offer complimentary digital proofs sent via email, but only if a proof is requested. if you would like to see a digital proof before placing your order, simply add a note in the special instructions section. you will have an opportunity to do this before an item is added to your cart. if you have contacted our customer service team for graphics help, let a representative know you would like a proof sent via email before your order is placed. your proof will give you the option to request changes or approve the artwork. if changes are needed, simply reply to the email with new instructions. if everything looks correct, click approve. your order will be on hold until we receive your proof approval. requesting a digital proof can add additional production time to your estimated delivery date. shipping & production - how long will it take to get my order? the time it takes to receive a customized product is a combination of production, printing and shipping. production + printing + shipping = timing. production and printing each take approximately 1-4 business days. shipping time can take 1-6 business days depending on your shipping address as well as your shipping method. this means you can usually expect your order to arrive in 2-10 business days. see more here. - how can i track the shipping status of my order? one your order has shipped, you will receive a shipping confirmation email which includes a link to track you order. you can also view your shipping status from your my account page. - what carrier will deliver my package? we use the following carriers: ups, fedex and usps. - where will my order ship from? cardsdirect has four print facilities in the united states and one in canada. our orders are geo-distributed, which means your order is processed and printed at the facility closest to your shipping address; this ensures your order will arrive as quickly as possible. depending on stock availability and production capacity, multiple items from the same order may ship from different facilities. - do you ship internationally? currently we only ship to the united states and canada. standard ground services are unavailable for alaska, hawaii and puerto rico. orders to these areas will automatically be set to the most economical expedited air option available. managing my account - how can i update my account information, including my password and addresses? to update your account information, simply sign into my account. once you are signed in, you can change your contact, billing or user information. you can also change your login information or password from this page. - how can i change my user id and password? to update your user id and password, visit your my account page. once you are signed in, you can change your user id and password as well as any related account information. - how can i remove myself from your email list? click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email you received from cardsdirect. you can also contact your customer service team at support@cardsdirect.com. - how can i remove myself from your catalog mailing list? to remove yourself from our catalog mailing list, visit catalog unsubscribe. payment & billing - what is the account credit and how do i use it? you can receive an account credit for a number of reasons, including a refund should you return an order or as part of a special promotion associated with a promo code. visit your my account page to determine if you have an account credit available. to use an available account credit, click the 'apply credit' link during checkout; this will deduct any available credit from your order total. - can i pay with a company check? to pay with a company check, select the option for “corporate billing” within checkout. once your order is submitted, we will review your information and email you an invoice. we will also send a printed invoice via mail. your corporate billing account will be saved for future use. if you need additional paperwork, such as a w-9, you can request this information within the billing instructions section of checkout or you can email us a request at billing@cardsdirect.com. - do you charge sales tax? because of our business locations, sales tax will be collected on u.s.-based orders if shipped to addresses in texas, minnesota or pennsylvania. - how can i send my tax exempt paperwork? because of the location of our corporate offices, we only charge sales tax on purchases delivered to texas and minnesota. you must be logged in to an account to upload a tax certificate. upload your certificate now with just one click. your tax exempt status will immediately be applied to your account. you can also email support@cardsdirect.com or fax your certificate to (866) 422-4005. we will verify your documentation before your order is processed. technical help - what type of file formats do you accept? to ensure proper print quality, any imagery you upload should be at a resolution of 300 dpi or more. if you are unsure about a file’s resolution, don’t worry. our system will warn you if an image is at too low of a resolution to safely use on your product. we accept the following file formats: jpg, jpeg, tif, tiff, pdf, png, gif, bmp, svg and eps. we are unable to use word documents and powerpoint files. if you need help with your artwork, call 866.700.5030 or email a graphic specialist at the following email address:artwork@cardsdirect.com. - what if my image appears fuzzy or pixelated on the preview? the way your images appear within our editor and in your digital proof is how your product will print. if your image appears blurry or pixelated, that is an indication that the image you have uploaded needs to be a higher resolution. our system will warn you if an image is at too low of a resolution to safely use on your product. however, scaling an image can affect your image clarity. if you are concerned about print quality, contact one of our graphic specialists at artwork@cardsdirect.com or use the special instructions section to request that a designer reviews your artwork before your order is completed. - i don’t have my artwork in a digital format; can i send it to you to be scanned? if you do not have your logo or artwork in a digital format, you can place your order, include a note in the special instructions section, and then mail your images to the cardsdirect corporate office. your order will be placed on hold until we receive your items. we will then send you a digital proof via email for your review. please include an order number and contact information with your artwork. artwork can be mailed to: cardsdirect graphics department, 12750 merit drive, suite 900, dallas, tx 75251. - i’m having difficulty with a promo code. to use a promotion code, type the code into the box under “promo code or account credit” within checkout. once applied, your order total will be instantly updated with the discounted amount. if you receive an error, please check the expiration dates before contacting our customer service team. unless otherwise noted, promotional offers cannot be combined. we reserve the right to discontinue or modify these offers at any time without notice. - what browsers and operating systems do you support? we support the following browsers: chrome, firefox, internet explorer 9+ and safari. we support the following operating systems: windows vista, windows 7-10 and mac os. other browsers can be used; however, full functionality cannot be guaranteed. click to download google chrome now. - is my shopping secure? cardsdirect is committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected while you are on our site. our company is registered with verisign, mcafee secure site and the bbb online – all industry leaders in protecting e-commerce shoppers on the web. we are also registered with dun & bradstreet. our website uses ssl (secure socket layer) encryption so that your personal information cannot be read as it passes over the internet. these measures make it very unlikely that your credit card information will be compromised online. however, in the event of an unauthorized use of your credit card, notify your credit card provider or issuing bank in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. return policy - what is your return policy? our products come with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. if you are unhappy with your order for any reason, you may return it for an account credit within 30 days. you may return your order to: cardsdirect returns, 12750 merit drive, suite 900, dallas, tx 75251. for additional questions, please contact our customer service team at 1-866-700-5030. contact us call us 866.700.5030 m-f 7am-6pm cst live chat chat now m-f 7am-6pm cst email support@cardsdirect.com help 1.866.700.5030 customer care shipping & returns faqs live chat about us about cardsdirect privacy policy terms return policy site map for you my account my favorites order status order tracking reorder let's connect facebook twitter instagram pinterest blog premium paper & printing we like really nice cards, it's just that simple. that's why we insist on the highest quality paper and use the best digital and offset printing to ensure your order meets our 100% satisfaction guarantee promise – every time. we like options too, which is why many of our cards are available in a variety of sizes and paper stocks to fit any budget. if you're not sure, just request a free sample and see for yourself. learn more… 100% guarantee we believe in our products. that's why every cardsdirect order comes with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. if you are unhappy with the quality or workmanship of your product for any reason, we will fix it, replace it, or you may return it. we will refund your full purchase price when the returned items are received. see our help page for more information. 13 years in business heck, we're almost an antique in "internet years". founded in 1998, we wanted to create a company that made sending custom cards easy. we never expected that solving that problem would make all of the fortune 100 companies (yes, all of them), along with thousands of small businesses and families across the country choose us. we really hope you like us too because we don't plan on going anywhere. bbb everyone likes getting good grades. the better business bureau (bbb) tracks and grades businesses for consumer fraud and ethical business practices… and we got an "a+"! cardsdirect has been a "bbb accredited business" since 2005, and is continually monitored on 16 rating factors. they like us, and we hope you will too! inc 500/5000 when you treat your customers nice, good things happen. cardsdirect is proud to have made the inc 500|5000 list of fastest growing private companies in 2009. thank you for putting us on the map! we believe strongly in customer service. a person who cares enough to send a card deserves a great amount of care in return, so in everything we do – our customers know we are right there, every step of the way, to make everything go smoothly. verisign security is important. cardsdirect is committed to ensuring that your identity and information are protected while you are a guest on our site. that's why we are a verified business with verisign (the most recognized trust mark on the internet) and why we use ssl encrypted data transmission during transactions. and just for fun, they scan us daily for malware too! login in to your account enjoy faster checkout, access to saved favorites, and up-to-date tracking information with a cardsdirect account. want to check the status of an order in order to check the status of an existing order, you must first log in into an existing account. if you don't have an account, create one now using the email address associated with your order. don't lose your customization - save your design in order to save your customization, you must log in to an existing account or create an account. you need an account in order to save this item and return to it later, you must create an account or login. save this as a favorite you can temporarily save favorites without an account but they will be lost when you close your browser. create an account or log in to an existing account to keep and share your favorites. do you have a tax exempt certificate? if you are eligible for tax exemption, you will need to send us your tax exempt certificate. you will need an account to do this. log in to an existing account or create an account now. new customers i need to create an account because i want to check the status of an order. create an account i do not have an account but want to save my design. create an account i want to create an account so i can provide my tax exempt certificate. create an account i do not have an account but want to keep and save my favorites create an account i don't want to create an account right now. i just want to temporary save favorites as i shop. temporarily save you do not need an account to checkout. you will have an opportunity to create an account later if you change your mind. continue email address please enter your e-mail address. please enter a valid e-mail address. returning customers email address please enter your e-mail address. please enter a valid e-mail address. password please enter your password. forgot password? invalid username and/or password. we will not share or use your email address without consent. forgot you password? no problem. resetting your password is quick and easy. provide your email address and we will send you a link. email address please enter your e-mail address. please enter a valid e-mail address. recover password return to login create an account enjoy faster checkout, up-to-date tracking information and other enhanced features with an account. first name please enter your first name. last name please enter your last name. email address please enter your email address. please enter a valid e-mail address. password please provide a password. send me money-saving promotions. i have an account we will not share or use your email address without consent. enjoy instant savings of 15% off your order today sign up for the latest news, helpful tips and our most exclusive offers. please enter your first and last name. please enter a valid email address. first name required last name required email required sign up thanks for signing up! we just sent you a welcome email and also added a special 15% off promo code to your shopping cart. start shopping suggested searches i need to re-order? what's the status of my order? birthday thank you holiday / christmas