来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221126095547/https://www.cardsdirect.com/faq.aspx
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - cardsdirect text hellocd to 972.433.7155 for a 25% off promo code. sign up and save big! greeting cards most popular birthday thank you sympathy anniversary business holiday christmas thanksgiving new year occasion anniversary birthday congratulations get well holiday new year sympathy thank you thanksgiving thinking of you welcome business / office corporate photo cards business referral calendars customer appreciation business appreciation print marketing materials moving announcement note cards invitations holiday / christmas award ceremony baby birthday dinner party fundraiser save the date holiday shop by season business holiday cards christmas new year's thanksgiving shop by style classic business modern photo cards - corporate photo cards - family shop by message appreciation from all of us funny & fun happy holidays merry christmas occupation specific peace & joy religious season's greetings shop by imagery animals bold type & scripts christmas tree cities & cityscapes ornaments patriotic snowflake snowmen tropical beach winter scenes design details company name die cut foil & embossed logo unique sizes calendar cards christmas postcards unique formats assortments shop assortments birthday business appreciation holiday mixed occasions sympathy birthday all wrapped up assorted birthday birthday basics classic birthday patriotic birthday view all christmas / holiday holiday blues snowflakes holiday three holidays winter greetings view all value size birthday personalized candy holiday wrapped chocolate business card small custom chocolate confections medium custom chocolate delights truffle gift box design your own greeting card templateshorizontal signature: 7.875” x 5.625" standard: 6.75” x 4.875” junior: 5.5” x 4.25” vertical signature: 5.625” x 7.875” standard: 4.875” x 6.75” junior: 4.25” x 5.5” business templates business cards letterhead business envelopes personalized stationery return address labels mailing labels notepads invitations & announcements calendars rubber stamps unique sizes & formats postcards square skyscraper - 4" x 8" oblong - 8" x 4" design your own holiday / christmas partnerships purchase history order history track an order re-order report a problem write a review profile user id & password contact details saved favorites saved projects wallet saved payment methods account credits tax exempt status customer support call 866.700.5030 live chat email customer support email artwork assistance email billing support request a catalog sign up for email 0 0 greeting cards most popular birthday thank you sympathy anniversary business holiday christmas thanksgiving new year occasion anniversary birthday congratulations get well holiday new year sympathy thank you thanksgiving thinking of you welcome business / office corporate photo cards business referral calendars customer appreciation business appreciation print marketing materials moving announcement note cards invitations holiday / christmas award ceremony baby birthday dinner party fundraiser save the date holiday shop by season business holiday cards christmas new year's thanksgiving shop by style classic business modern photo cards - corporate photo cards - family shop by message appreciation from all of us funny & fun happy holidays merry christmas occupation specific peace & joy religious season's greetings shop by imagery animals bold type & scripts christmas tree cities & cityscapes ornaments patriotic snowflake snowmen tropical beach winter scenes design details company name die cut foil & embossed logo unique sizes calendar cards christmas postcards unique formats assortments by occasion birthday business appreciation holiday mixed occasions sympathy birthday all wrapped up assorted birthday birthday basics classic birthday patriotic birthday view all christmas / holiday holiday blues elegant holiday three holidays winter greetings view all personalized candy chocolate business card small custom chocolate confections sugar free peppermint gum pack white domed tin with peppermint micro mints design your own greeting card templateshorizontal signature: 7.875” x 5.625" standard: 6.75” x 4.875” junior: 5.5” x 4.25” vertical signature: 5.625” x 7.875” standard: 4.875” x 6.75” junior: 4.25” x 5.5” business templates business cards letterhead business envelopes personalized stationery return address labels mailing labels notepads invitations & announcements calendars rubber stamps unique sizes postcards square skyscraper - 4" x 8" oblong - 8" x 4" partnerships my account login register request a catalog sign up for email (866) 700-5030 [email protected] frequently asked questions phone customer service: 866.700.5030 fax: 866.422.4005 address 12750 merit drive suite 900 dallas, texas 75251 email [email protected] live chat m-f 7am-6pm cst chat now search about our products do your products come in different sizes? yes. select the ‘size & format’ section in the product options menu. this will display the available options for each product. what is on the inside of your greeting cards? most of our greeting cards include a default message or verse on the card’s interior. you can choose to keep, edit, or delete this design element. within the product editor, choose the ‘clear canvas’ icon from the top toolbar; this will remove all personalization from your product. or select any unwanted design element and use the trash icon to delete it. some cards feature a pre-printed verse or design that cannot be removed. what is the difference between peel & seal and gummed envelope closure? peel & seal envelopes include a strip of latex adhesive on the envelope’s flap. remove the protective strip and press the envelope closed for a tight seal. peel & seal closure is a clean, safe, and time-saving feature available on most envelope products. gummed envelopes include a layer of traditional adhesive along the envelope’s flap that must be moistened to create a seal. can i order extra envelopes? select ‘envelope’ from the product options menu. above the available envelope options, you will see a dropdown labeled ‘add extra envelopes’. select a quantity, your additional cost will instantly be applied to your order total. do you sell ecards? we do not have ecards available at this time. do you offer addressing services? we offer addressing and mailing services for greeting cards and postcards. customizing our products how can i add a photo, logo, or signature to my product? within the product editor, choose the ‘add image’ icon from the top toolbar; this will allow you to upload an existing file from your computer or an image directly from your smartphone or tablet. browse the image library as a helpful shortcut to add backgrounds, social media icons, shapes and imagery. can i receive a printed sample before i place my order? customers can order up to 3 free stock or custom samples on select products. stock samples look identical to what is shown online and include default product options. custom samples include your exact product selections including your selected size, paper stock and unique personalization. use our editor to create exactly what you want, then add to cart. most sample requests are delivered within 7 business days. envelopes are not included with greeting card samples. should you need more than three samples or if you require expedited shipping, contact our customer support team. how do i order a sample? samples are only available on select products. when viewing a product, look for the 'free sample' button or select 'free sample' from the quantity drop down. how do i place a reorder? log in to your my account page. find the item in your order history and use the 'buy it again' link. your previously ordered product will open in our product editor. review your customization and quantity again before adding to cart. how can i customize my product? cardsdirect.com provides the most comprehensive design features available which means limitless options for your customization needs. order one of our exclusive designs as is, add something of your own to make it personalized or create something truly custom by starting with a blank “design your own” template. can you help me design my product? yes. there is an in-house design fee of $40 for specific types of graphic requests. for more information, email [email protected] can you recreate a product i already have? yes. we can use a scanned image of your product to reproduce the design from scratch. there is a $20 fee to recreate your artwork. send your artwork request to [email protected] can i edit the text on a product? while you are in our product editor, click any existing text box to activate it. a toolbar will appear, allowing you to change the font, font color, font size and other styling features. you can write your own text or use our library of verses. to remove an existing text box, activate it by clicking on the text box. then use the trash icon to delete it. some products have text or text elements that cannot be edited or removed. where can i find a list of verses or a verse library? while you are in our product editor, click any existing text box or add a new text box using the “add text” icon. a toolbar will appear, allowing you to change the font, font color, font size and other styling features. use this toolbar to access our verse library. or download our say it write pdf for an extensive collection of verse options organized by occasion. can i order blank greeting cards? to start designing with a blank template, we recommend our collection of create your own products. choose from a wide selection of sizes and formats. to create a blank interior on any existing design, open the product editor. choose the ‘clear canvas’ icon from the top toolbar; this will remove all personalization from your product. or select any unwanted design element and use the trash icon to delete it. some cards feature pre-printed design elements and text that cannot be removed. how can i add a photo, logo, or signature to my product? within the product editor, choose the ‘add image’ icon from the top toolbar; this will allow you to upload an existing file from your computer or an image directly from your smartphone or tablet. browse the image library as a helpful shortcut to add backgrounds, social media icons, shapes and imagery. can i see a proof of my customization? if you require a printed proof, we recommend ordering a custom printed sample which can take up to 7 days. you can request a digital proof on your own during checkout by selecting 'add instructions'. use the instructions box to request a digital proof prior to printing. this proof will be emailed directly to the email address associated with your account. follow the instructions provided in the email to approve or request additional changes. your order will be on hold until this digital proof is approved. if you do not see the proof in your regular inbox, please check your spam folder. if you place an order with a customer service representative over the phone, a digital proof will automatically be sent to you for approval. for an instant solution, download a pdf of your artwork from within our product editor. select ‘download’ from the main toolbar. this pdf is an exact duplicate of your final artwork and is a convenient way to ensure your order is customized exactly as you want it. shipping & production how long will it take to get my order? custom printed orders generally take 1-4 business days printing and production time. shipping time is additional and can take from 1-6 business days depending on the shipping method you choose. the best way to estimate your delivery date and shipping costs is to add an item to your cart and configure your shipping options. estimated delivery dates do not include product upgrades including addressing services, special instructions, artwork assistance and proof approvals. these items may require additional processing time. we are not responsible for shipping delays caused by the carrier (fedex, ups, or usps). for additional questions, please contact customer service. what shipping options do you offer? we offer the following shipping options. not all shipping options are available on all products. delivery time does not include production and printing. ground: 1-6 business days 3-day shipping: delivered by end of 3rd day from when your order is shipped. 2nd day air: delivered by end of 2nd day from when your order is shipped. must be used by those ordering from alaska, hawaii and puerto rico. next day air: orders usually arrive by 3:00 the day after your order ships. next day air shipping will not arrive the day after your order is placed. it will arrive the next business day after your order is shipped. next day air 10:30am: guaranteed to arrive by 10:30am in most areas the day after your order ships. this is subject to the carriers delivery schedules. shipping carriers do not guarantee this service to all areas. how can i track the shipping status of my order? once your order has shipped, you will receive a shipping confirmation email that includes a link to track your order. you can also view your shipping status from the order history within your my account page. what carrier will deliver my package? we use the following carriers: ups, fedex, and usps. do you ship internationally? currently, we only ship to the united states and canada. standard ground services are unavailable for alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico. orders to these areas will automatically be set to the most economical expedited air option. how long will it take to get my order? custom printed orders generally take 1-4 business days printing and production time. shipping time is additional and can take from 1-6 business days depending on the shipping method you choose. the best way to estimate your delivery date and shipping costs is to add an item to your cart and configure your shipping options. estimated delivery dates do not include product upgrades including addressing services, special instructions, foil imprinting, pms ink requests, artwork assistance and proof approvals. these items may require additional processing time. we are not responsible for shipping delays caused by the carrier (fedex, ups, or usps). for additional questions, please contact customer service. thank you. where will my order ship from? cardsdirect has four print facilities in the united states and one in canada. our orders are geo-distributed, which means your order is processed and printed at the facility closest to your shipping address; this ensures your order will arrive as quickly as possible. depending on stock availability and production capacity, multiple items from the same order may ship from different facilities. i have a large volume order. can you help if i need assistance? yes. reach out to our sales team at [email protected] for information on your specific request. we have a dedicated large order sales team ready to help. account settings how can i update my account information, including my password and addresses? sign into your my account page. from there you can manage all of your account details including changing your contact information, billing address, user information and password. how can i remove myself from your email list? click the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of the email you received or contact a customer service member. how can i remove myself from your catalog mailing list? visit our catalog unsubscribe page to remove yourself from our mailing list. payment & billing what is an account credit and how do i use it? you can receive an account credit for several reasons, including a refund should you return an order or as part of a special promotion associated with a promo code. sign into your my account page to determine if you have an account credit available. to use an available account credit, click the 'apply credit' link during checkout; this will deduct the amount of the account credit from your order total. can i pay with a company check? to pay with a company check, select the option for 'corporate billing' in checkout. once your order is submitted, we will review your information and email you an invoice. we will also send a printed invoice via mail. your corporate billing account will be saved for future use. if you need additional paperwork, such as a w-9, you can request this information in the billing instructions section of our checkout, or you can email us a request at [email protected] do you charge sales tax? sales tax is applied in all states except delaware, louisiana, montana, new hampshire and oregon. we do not charge sales tax in puerto rico. other exemptions include aa – armed forces, ae – armed forces, and ap – armed forces. if you are eligible for tax exemption, upload your tax certificate at checkout or using your my account page. how can i send my tax exempt paperwork? upload your tax certificate now with just one click. your tax-exempt status will immediately be applied to your account. you can also email [email protected] or fax your certificate to (866) 422-4005. we will verify your documentation before your order is processed. technical help what type of file formats do you accept? to ensure proper print quality, any imagery you upload within our editor should be at a resolution of 300 dpi or more. if you are unsure about a file’s resolution, don’t worry, our system will warn you if your image’s resolution is too low. we accept the following file formats: bmp, png, gif, jpg, jpeg, tif, tiff and pdf. we are unable to use word documents and powerpoint files. if you need help with your artwork, email a graphic specialist at [email protected] what if my image appears fuzzy or pixelated on the preview? the way your images appear within our editor and in your digital proof is how your product will print. if your image appears blurry or pixelated, it is an indication that the image you uploaded needs to be a higher resolution. keep in mind, scaling an image can affect your image clarity as well. our system will warn you if an image’s resolution is too low but we recommend that every customer reviews their final customization before checkout. use the ‘download pdf’ icon in the top toolbar within our editor. this allows you to download and review your customization and it’s quality prior to printing. you can also use the ‘special instructions’ within checkout to request a digital proof be emailed to you. i don’t have my artwork in a digital format; can i send it to you to be scanned? if you do not have your logo or artwork in a digital format, you can place your order, include a note in the special instructions during checkout, and then mail your images to our office. your order will be placed on hold until we receive your items. we will then send you a digital proof via email for your review. please include an order number and contact information with your artwork. artwork can be mailed to: cardsdirect graphics department, 12750 merit drive, suite 900, dallas, tx 75251. i’m having difficulty with a promo code. to use a promotion code, type the code into the box under ‘promo code or account credit’ in checkout. once applied, your order total will be instantly updated with the discounted amount. if you receive an error, please check the expiration dates before contacting our customer service team. unless otherwise noted, promotional offers cannot be combined. we reserve the right to discontinue or modify these offers at any time without notice. what browsers and operating systems do you support? we support the following browsers: chrome, firefox, internet explorer 11+, microsoft edge, and safari. we support the following operating systems: windows 7-10, and mac os x. other browsers can be used; however, full functionality cannot be guaranteed. is my shopping secure? cardsdirect is committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected while you are on our site. our company is registered with verisign, mcafee secure site, and the bbb online, which are all industry leaders in protecting e-commerce shoppers on the web. we are also registered with dun & bradstreet. our website uses ssl (secure socket layer) encryption so that your personal information cannot be read as it passes over the internet. these measures make it very unlikely that your credit card information will ever be compromised online. in the event of an unauthorized use of your credit card, notify your credit card provider or issuing bank in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. return policy what is your return policy? we guarantee our products 100%. if we make a mistake, we correct it free of charge every time. products free of material defect at the time of shipping are not subject to a refund, return, or exchange. please inspect your items upon delivery, and if we’ve missed an issue, please let us know within 30 days of receipt. after 30 days, we cannot offer a replacement or refund. can my order be reprinted? please contact our customer service team if your order needs to be reprinted. reprints caused by our company are free of charge. we can issue a reprint at 50% of the original cost of your item in the event of a customer error on a customized product. customer errors include, but are not limited to: ● spelling, grammar, or typography. ● uploading low-quality or low-resolution images (below 300 dpi). ● incorrect selection of product, design template, quantity, stock, and finishing options. ● improper movement of text, placement of uploads or dimensions, and sizes of uploaded files addressing & mailing services do you offer addressing and mailing services? yes. we offer addressing and mailing services on greeting card and postcard products. how do i add addressing or mailing options to my order? addressing and mailing services are only available on select products at this time. on greeting cards and postcards, select ‘addressing’ from the product options panel. you can choose to upload your addresses within the product editor or at checkout. keep in mind, your final order total cannot be calculated until your address file has been uploaded the product i'm looking at doesn't have the addressing service option. why is that? addressing and mailing services are not available on all products at this time. where can i download the necessary address template? download our address template. follow the provided addressing instructions. how do i upload my address file? start by downloading our address template. our excel address template is formatted in a specific way to ensure seamless integration with our manufacturers and print facilities. follow the provided addressing instructions for best results. we cannot format your addresses, but are available to answer questions should you need technical support. do i need to use your address template or can i use my own? you will need to use our address template; it is formatted in a specific way to ensure seamless integration with our manufacturers and print facilities. can you format my addresses so they fit in your spreadsheet? all customers are required to fill in their own address spreadsheet with their recipient information. we cannot format your addresses, but are available to answer questions should you need help. can i order extra envelopes? select ‘envelope’ from the product options panel. above the envelope options, you will see a dropdown labeled ‘add extra envelopes’. select a quantity, your additional cost will instantly be applied to your order total. covid-19 can i still order products? yes. product output remains unchanged at this time, and all orders are being fulfilled. are printing times delayed? currently, printing times remain unchanged, with most orders printed within 2 business days. what is cardsdirect doing to ensure the safety of its customers? in cooperation with the world health organization (who), national institutes of health (nih), the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc), and local health administrations, cardsdirect is adhering to the highest levels of sanitation and prevention. we are taking every precaution to guarantee your health and safety during the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic. the use of approved gloves, masks, cleaning, and hygiene products are encouraged and mandated in certain circumstances. facilities are disinfected regularly. are shipping times delayed? based on your method of delivery, shipping times remain unchanged where permissible, adhering to the same schedule of 1 - 6 business days. cardsdirect ships via ups® (standard), fedex® (upon request), and usps® (sample orders). for more information in your area, please refer to: ups service alerts. fedex service alerts. usps service alerts is cardsdirect still operating during regular business hours? cardsdirect wants to assure all customers that our offices and printing facilities are still in full operation. we are currently following regularly scheduled business hours (7 am - 6 pm cst). additional safety measures are in place to guarantee the well-being of every customer and employee. cardsdirect was founded in 1998 and has grown into one of the most trusted resources for custom printed greeting card and personalized products. we do this by putting our customers first. follow us on social: customer support 1.866.700.5030 live chat contact us common questions return policy account & orders manage my account order history save favorites email preferences problem with my order cardsdirect our story partnership program affiliate opportunities designer scholarship request a catalog copyright ©2022 cardsdirect inc. all rights reserved. terms & conditions privacy policy accessibility do not sell my personal information if you are using a screen reader and having problems using our website, please call (866) 700-5030 monday through friday between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. central standard time for assistance. × sign up & save 15% off your next order! sign up please enter a valid email address. please enter your first and last name. sign up for the latest news, helpful tips and our most exclusive offers. this offer applies to new email subscribers only. once you enter your name and email address, the code will be sent to you via email. thanks! you're all signed up sign in to your account × email address we'll never share your email with anyone else. password forgot password? log in create account continue as guest create an account × enjoy faster checkout, up-to-date tracking information and other enhanced features with an account. first name last name email address we'll never share your email with anyone else. password send me money-saving promotions create account forgot your password? × resetting your password is quick and easy. provide your email address and we will send you a link. email address recover password save this as a favorite × you can temporarily save favorites without an account but they will be lost when you close your browser. create an account or log in to an existing account to keep and share your favorites new customers i do not have an account but want to keep and save my favorites create account i don't want to create an account right now. i just want to temporary save favorites as i shop. temporarily save returning customers email address we'll never share your email with anyone else. password forgot password? log in we will not share or use your email address without consent.