来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503082529/https://www.cardsdirect.com/about_us/privacypolicy.aspx
================================================================================

cardsdirect's customer privacy policy my cart 0 items - $0.00 promo code applied subtotal$0.00 view cart & checkout continue shopping new to cardsdirect? get 20% off your order when you text cards25 to 214.432.2708 today! promo applied: new to cardsdirect? get 20% off your order when you text cards25 to 214.432.2708 today! greeting cards most popular easter birthday thank you sympathy anniversary business holiday christmas thanksgiving new year occasion anniversary birthday congratulations get well holiday new year sympathy thank you thanksgiving thinking of you welcome business / office corporate photo cards business referral calendars customer appreciation business appreciation print marketing materials moving announcement note cards invitations holiday / christmas award ceremony baby birthday dinner party fundraiser save the date holiday cards shop by season business holiday cards christmas new year thanksgiving shop by style classic business modern photo cards - corporate photo cards - family shop by message appreciation from all of us funny & fun happy holidays holiday trio merry christmas occupation specific peace & joy religious season's greetings shop by imagery animals bold type & scripts christmas tree cities & cityscapes ornaments patriotic snowflake snowmen tropical beach winter scenes design details company name die cut foil & embossed logo unique sizes calendar cards christmas postcards unique formats seal and send assortments shop assortments birthday business appreciation holiday mixed occasions sympathy birthday all wrapped up assorted birthday birthday basics classic birthday patriotic birthday view all christmas / holiday holiday blues snowflakes holiday three holidays winter greetings view all value size birthday design your own greeting card templateshorizontal signature: 7.875" x 5.625" standard: 6.75" x 4.875" junior: 5.5" x 4.25" vertical signature: 5.625" x 7.875" standard: 4.875" x 6.75" junior: 4.25" x 5.5" business templates business cards letterhead business envelopes personalized stationery return address labels mailing labels notepads invitations calendars napkins rubber stamps unique sizes & formats postcards square skyscraper - 4" x 8" oblong - 8" x 4" design your own holiday / christmas partnerships call to order: 866.700.5030 create account sign in support call 866.700.5030 live chat email support contact us wallet account balance tax exempt status saved payment methods make a payment order history all orders track an order re-order report a problem write a product review account profile user id & password contact details communication preferences my favorites, projects & carts my product reviews promo applied: greeting cards most popular birthday thank you sympathy anniversary business holiday christmas thanksgiving new year occasion anniversary birthday congratulations get well holiday new year sympathy thank you thanksgiving thinking of you welcome business / office corporate photo cards business referral calendars customer appreciation business appreciation print marketing materials moving announcement note cards invitations holiday / christmas award ceremony baby birthday dinner party fundraiser save the date holiday shop by season business holiday cards christmas new year's thanksgiving shop by style classic business modern photo cards - corporate photo cards - family shop by message appreciation from all of us funny & fun happy holidays merry christmas occupation specific peace & joy religious season's greetings shop by imagery animals bold type & scripts christmas tree cities & cityscapes ornaments patriotic snowflake snowmen tropical beach winter scenes design details company name die cut foil & embossed logo unique sizes calendar cards christmas postcards unique formats assortments by occasion birthday business appreciation holiday mixed occasions sympathy birthday all wrapped up assorted birthday birthday basics classic birthday patriotic birthday view all christmas / holiday holiday blues elegant holiday three holidays winter greetings view all personalized candy chocolate business card small custom chocolate confections sugar free peppermint gum pack white domed tin with peppermint micro mints design your own greeting card templateshorizontal signature: 7.875” x 5.625" standard: 6.75” x 4.875” junior: 5.5” x 4.25” vertical signature: 5.625” x 7.875” standard: 4.875” x 6.75” junior: 4.25” x 5.5” business templates business cards letterhead business envelopes personalized stationery return address labels mailing labels notepads invitations & announcements calendars rubber stamps unique sizes postcards square skyscraper - 4" x 8" oblong - 8" x 4" partnerships my account login register request a catalog sign up for email (866) 700-5030 [email protected] we collect cookies for login, checkout, and stats. learn more in our privacy policy. ok, continue privacy notice at www.cardsdirect.com, we respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about privacy. the purpose of this privacy notice is to let you know what kind of information we collect, how we use it, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding our use of your information, and how you may review and change some of the data you provide to us. for your benefit, we’ve provided an overview of our privacy practices and the full privacy notice below. our practices comply with applicable u.s. laws and requirements. we are located in the united states and this is an u.s.-based website. by using this site, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to or within the united states. if you are located within the european union and are transmitting personal data on this website please review the gdpr support section below. if you are a california, virginia, colorado, connecticut or utah resident, please see our privacy notice for certain state residents section below. as we continue to develop our website and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we offer, this policy likely will change. when we change it, we will post the change(s) on our website. if we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate online notice to you. you can determine when this version of the privacy notice was adopted by referring to the effective date below. if you have questions about our privacy notice, please contact us via email at [email protected]. we may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically. privacy overview this is a summary of how we may collect, use and transmit information about you. it is a general overview only, and must be read in conjunction with full privacy notice below. how we collect information information you provide to us: we collect personally-identifiable information, including name, title, company, address, email address, phone numbers, etc. when and if you voluntarily provide it to us. information we collect automatically: our servers may also collect the ip addresses of visitors to our site. information we receive from other sources: we may use cookies on our websites; for complete information please review the full privacy notice below. how we may use your information to provide you with the services or products you request. to facilitate customer service or to enable us to contact you if you request information. to target valuable marketing and advertising offers. to perform research on our users’ from surveys and from our server log files. to may match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers. who collects your information when visiting this site and you are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with cardsdirect., our subsidiaries, affiliates and our service providers and business partners. do we share information we may share the information you provide with our subsidiaries and related companies. in addition, we may share your information with third parties as set forth in the full privacy notice. third party websites our website may contain various links to third-party websites. we are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us, or any association with its operators, or with any of its products or services. you should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use. privacy help please review the full privacy notice below. if you have questions about our policy, please contact us in writing at [email protected]. gdpr support the following provision applies if the general data protection regulation (gdpr) applies to the particular transaction and if you are a data subject, as defined by the gdpr, within the european economic area. we are based in the united states and any personal data collected from this website will be transferred and processed within the u.s. if you do not agree to this, do not provide us with personal data. data controller: cardsdirect. data subject rights to personal information o to access your information and to receive information about its use o to have your information corrected and/or completed o to have your information deleted o to restrict the use of your information o to receive your information in a portable format o to object to the use of your information o to withdraw your consent to the use of your information o to complain to a supervisory authority your rights as a data subject may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions. you may exercise your rights as a data subject by contacting us in writing at [email protected]. when you make a request, we may require certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able process your request. your cooperation is necessary to exercise your rights under the gdpr. sensitive personal information: we do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’, as defined by the gdpr. please do not submit sensitive personal information about you to us. full privacy notice 1. when do we collect information we collect personally-identifiable information when you provide it to us. in addition, our web servers collect the ip address visitors to our websites. in addition, we might receive personal data and other online and offline information from our business partners who share it with us. we will use such information in accordance with applicable laws and this privacy notice. 2. what information do we collect the personal information we collect might include your name, title, company, address, email address, phone numbers, etc. if you make a purchase on our site, your credit card number and related information will be collected along with information about how you use our sites, including purchase/return information, search terms and pages you visit on our website. we may combine the information we collect from you with information we receive from you offline. we may also receive information about you from other sources, including, for example, address update services. finally, we also collect information using cookies and web beacons to collect information such as your ip address, browser type, the time and length of your visit, the pages of the site you visit and other clickstream data. additional information about cookies is located below. 3. how your information is collected information you provide to us. we collect information that you enter on our digital properties or give to us in other ways (e.g., when you contact customer service or order online), search or shop for products or services on our websites, add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or us our services, provide information in your account or your profile, upload your contacts, order services, communicate with us by phone, email or otherwise, upload images videos or other files into our websites. automated information collection we automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of our services, including information about interaction with products, content and services. like many websites, we use “cookies” and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses our services. in order to provide the best experience possible and run our business operations, we also use automated information collection technologies for reporting and analysis purposes. we examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, the performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts. third-party automated collection we and our service providers use anonymous identifiers such as cookies and other technologies to collect and store certain types of information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session id) whenever you interact with us or third-parties that use our services. 4. how we may use your information we may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us. for example, we collect personal information to facilitate customer service or to enable us to contact you if you request information. to provide you with email alerts, and other offers and notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). for example, we may also use the information we collect to help target valuable marketing and advertising offers. to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections. to improve our website and present its contents to you. for example, we use information provided by and/or collected from your use of the website to review site usage and operations, to address problems with the site, our business or our products and services, and to protect the security or integrity of the website and our business. our servers may collect the ip address of visitors, as well as other information about your visit. this information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on a website, pages viewed, etc. we share this aggregated data with third parties and certain affiliated companies. we may use this information to measure the use of our websites, recognize you when you return to the site, remember products in your shopping cart and to improve content of our websites. we may also offer or provide optional surveys and questionnaires asking for information, as well as several opportunities for visitors to ask questions. we use the information you provide to help us design and build better products, to customize your shopping experience, and to provide advice and purchase recommendations. taking part in any of these segments is optional. for testing, research, analysis and product development. for example, we may perform research on our users based on the information provided to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. we may do this to better understand and serve our users. this research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. as necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our customers or others. to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in certain privacy laws to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred. 5. reasons we share information we may transfer or otherwise disclose information collected from and about you for the following purposes: to our service providers, suppliers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to fulfill your request for products or services on our site; to our service providers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; to certain affiliates and third parties so that they may contact you directly or indirectly with marketing offers of their own; to other companies, credit bureaus or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection; as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our site terms of use, of the law or of our rights or the rights of any third party; to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and if our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. any personal information or content that you voluntarily upload or submit for public posting to the site (for example, comments) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. it is in violation of the site’s terms of use for you to post any content that requests personally identifiable information. 6. who has access to your information when you are on our website and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with cardsdirect., our subsidiaries and related companies, and our service providers. we share your information as described in “reasons we share information”, above. 7. record retention we will retain your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. we will also keep your personal data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. we retain archived copies of your information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. 8. cookies & similar technologies we, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf, may use cookies or web beacons on our site. a cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer when you access the site. a web beacon is an electronic image used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page. we may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personal information from you, including your ip address, browser type, the time and length of your visit, the pages of the site you visit and other clickstream data. this information may be used in order to: recognize you when you return to the site; improve and personalize your experience on our site; provide you with customized advertising; and monitor site usage and analyze the behavior of site visitors. you may decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on our site. you also may be able to make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies. check the “help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. most web browsers let you choose whether to accept cookies. most also let you delete cookies already set. the choices available, and the mechanism used, will vary from browser to browser. such browser settings are typically found in the “options”, “tools” or “preferences” menu. you may also consult the browser’s “help” menu. for example: cookie settings in internet explorer cookie settings in microsoft edge cookie settings in firefox cookie settings in chrome cookie settings in safari there are online tools available for clearing all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, such as www.allaboutcookies.org. usually, deletion of cookies will anonymize the information associated with the pixel and a website will not receive any further associated information. 9. your rights; contact us you can request to access, update, correct, and delete your information you provided to us by sending us an email at [email protected]. keeping your personal data current helps ensure that we can respect your preferences. when you make a request, we may require certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able process your request. your cooperation is necessary to exercise your rights under this privacy notice. 10. security of personal data we have implemented an information security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to safeguard your personal data. while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data submitted through our websites. 11. third parties this privacy notice only addresses the collection, processing and use (including disclosure) of information by us. this site may contain various links to third-party websites. these sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. these sites are owned and operated independently of cardsdirect. and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. any information you provide to these websites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. cardsdirect. has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites. 12. additional privacy information transfer of data we are based in the united states and any personal data collected from this website may be transferred to and processed within the u.s. the privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in the u.s. may not be equivalent to those in your home country. by submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing and/or processing of data. children’s privacy this website is not directed to or designed to solicit individuals under the age of 13. in accordance with the children’s online privacy protection act (“coppa”), we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. if we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information immediately. if you believe that we have any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at [email protected]. california do not track disclosures “do not track” is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. when a user turns on a do not track signal in their browser, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they do not track the user. for information about do not track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.org. we have disclosed our collection practices herein, but at this time, we do not honor do-not track signals. some of the third parties that we work with may honor such requests. privacy notice for certain state residents this privacy notice for certain state residents applies solely to residents of the states of california, virginia, colorado, nevada, connecticut, and utah who have interacted with us in the ways described in the introduction of this privacy policy, and who have certain privacy rights under the applicable laws in their state (respectively, the california consumer privacy act of 2018 as amended by the california privacy rights act, the virginia consumer data protection act, the colorado privacy act, the connecticut data privacy act, and the utah consumer privacy act; collectively, “certain state privacy laws”) information we collect we collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). in particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months: category examples collected a. identifiers. a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. yes b. personal information categories a name, address, telephone number, credit card number, or any other financial information. some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. yes c. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law. age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). no d. commercial information. records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. yes e. biometric information. genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. no f. internet or other similar network activity. browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. yes g. geolocation data. physical location or movements. no h. sensory data. audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. no i. professional or employment-related information. current or past job history or performance evaluations. no j. non-public education information (per the family educational rights and privacy act (20 u.s.c. section 1232g, 34 c.f.r. part 99)). education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. no k. inferences drawn from other personal information. profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. no we obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: directly from you. for example, from users of our website when the user or their agent provides personal information to us. indirectly from you. for example, by observing your interactions on our website and by using cookies. from third party business partners. for example, address update services. sharing personal information we may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: category a: identifiers. category b: customer records personal information categories. category d: commercial information category f: internet or other similar network activity. we will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes other than those set forth in our privacy notice without providing you notice. we disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: our affiliates. service providers and business partners. third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you. in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information (as the term “sell” is defined by certain privacy laws): category a: identifiers. category b: personal information categories. category d: commercial information category f: internet or other similar network activity. in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information (as the term “sell” or “share” is defined by certain privacy laws) to the following categories of third parties: our affiliates that may not share the same branding. service providers and business partners. we do not “sell” or “share” sensitive personal information (as defined under certain state privacy laws). personal information sales opt-out and opt-in rights if you are a california resident 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). we do not sell the personal information of certain state residents we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. to exercise the right to opt-out the selling or sharing of personal information, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following link: do not sell my personal information once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. you do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. we will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. your rights and choices certain privacy laws provide their residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your rights if you are a resident subject to the certain privacy laws and explains how to exercise those rights. access to specific information and data portability rights you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: the categories of personal information we collected about you. the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. the categories of personal information sold, the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold; and the categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose. deletion request rights you have the right to request that we delete your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. opt-out request rights you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information that we collected from you. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. right to request correction of inaccurate information you have the right to request correction of inaccurate information. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct any inaccurate information identified in the request our records, unless an exception applies. right to appeal if you are a virginia, colorado or connecticut resident and we were unable to fulfill your request, we will notify you. you may appeal our decision by emailing us at [email protected] within fourteen calendar days, including “appeal request” in the subject line, with a detailed reason for your appeal, as well as your state of residence. if you are dissatisfied with our decision on your appeal, you may contact your applicable state attorney general: virginia: 202 north ninth street richmond, virginia 23219 colorado: 1300 broadway, 10th floor denver, co 80203 connecticut: https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/ exercising your rights to exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: calling toll free at 844-277-9138, by emailing [email protected] or by submitting a request to the following link: do not sell my personal information only you or a person registered that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. the verifiable consumer request must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. process used to verify an access and/or deletion request you will be required to submit 4 pieces of information including your name, address, email, and phone number. we will use this information to search our systems and determine if we have information about you. if we are able to locate information about you, we will fulfill your access and/or deletion request. if we are not able to match all 4 pieces of information you submit, we may provide you with a report that includes the categories of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell or share. response timing and format we try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. if we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. for data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. non-discrimination we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. unless permitted by lawa, we will not: deny you goods or services. charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. changes to our privacy notice we reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. we may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically. contact information if you have any questions or comments about this notice, our privacy statement, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use please email send a message to [email protected] in this notice. if you wish to exercise your rights under certain privacy laws, please do not hesitate to submit a request to the following link: do not sell my personal information, or by calling toll free at 844-277-9138 or by emailing the email addresses in this notice. effective date: january 1, 2023 inspiration in your inbox get early access to sales, product lanches and new product releases. we will not share your email address. subscribe customer support 1.866.700.5030 live chat contact us common questions return policy account & orders manage my account order history saved favorites email preferences problem with my order cardsdirect our story partnership program affiliate opportunities designer scholarship request a catalog articles & tips copyright ©2025 cardsdirect. all rights reserved. terms & conditions privacy policy accessibility do not sell my personal information if you are using a screen reader and having problems using our website, please call (866) 700-5030 monday through friday between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. central standard time for assistance. we collect cookies for login, checkout, and stats. learn more in our privacy policy. ok, continue × thank you for being here 20% off yourfirst order sign up please enter a valid email address. please enter your first and last name. sign up for tailored promotions for greeting cards and more. this offer applies to new email subscribers only. once you enter your name and email address, the code will be sent to you via email. thanks! you're all signed up sign in to your account × email address we'll never share your email with anyone else. password forgot password? log in create account continue as guest create an account × first name last name email address we'll never share your email with anyone else. password send me money-saving promotions create account forgot your password? × resetting your password is quick and easy. provide your email address and we will send you a link. email address recover password save this as a favorite × you can temporarily save favorites without an account but they will be lost when you close your browser. create an account or log in to an existing account to keep and share your favorites new customers i do not have an account but want to keep and save my favorites create account i don't want to create an account right now. i just want to temporary save favorites as i shop. temporarily save returning customers email address we'll never share your email with anyone else. password forgot password? log in we will not share or use your email address without consent. chat