来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230181207/http://www.amiclubwear.com/storepolicy.html
================================================================================

store policy javascript seem to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. magento commerce help bookmark my account    	toll free: (888) 908-1288 shopping item(s) home just in what's hot shoes clothing swimsuit accessory costume sweater dress clearance style book home store policy store policy the way we use information 1. we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, paypal. 2. we do not accept money order, cashier check, personal checks or company checks! if we receive any personal checks or company checks, they will be returned to you. 3. we do not accept payment in form of cash. 4. we do not accept gift card or prepaid card. sales tax all orders delivered to california address will be charged the appropriate sales tax. note: if you want amiclubwear to remove your tax fee, please fax a copy of your resale certificate & seller's permit to us. indicate your order # on the sheet you fax to us. billing terms & conditions we verify all billing information provided by our customers. please enter your billing information correctly; otherwise, your order will be delayed for 48 to 72 hours. we reserve the right to cancel any order that is unable to be verified or processed. shipping policy shipping and handling charges amiclubwear.com will not charge any customer with hidden fees on their order. all fees and charges will be calculated and displayed after you have entered your shipping information and selected your shipping method. in order for our system to display an accurate shipping fee, please be sure to enter the correct shipping method. otherwise, your order will be delayed. please review the details of your order and inform us of any mistakes so that we can expedite the processing of your order. shipping methods orders usually take 2 business day for processing 1. 2nd day (2 business days for delivery) 2. ground shipping (5 to 7 business days for delivery) 3. usps priority mail (for apo, fpo, vi, gu address) 4. free standard shipping (5 to 14 business days for delivery to us 48 continental states) 5. international shipping (please read our international order policy) important: we do not accept any customer's own shipping account (federal express, dhl/airborne, ups or any other company) for any order. shipping terms & conditions all orders to be processed within approximately two business days, provided the items are in stock and there are no problems with the payment verification. (processing time for special order item, i.e. lingerie, costume, etc. depends on the vendors transit time, normally within 72 hours) amiclubwear.com does not guarantee same day shipping. orders will not be processed on weekends and holidays. orders placed on friday will be processed on the next monday even air shipment, so ground shipment will be more economical. in order to process your order smoothly, we strongly recommend you to use the same address for your shipping address and billing address. otherwise, your order will be delayed for further verification. we offer free ground or free standard shipping for selected items only. for shipping within the 48 contiguous states, please note that any item(s) not indicated as free ground or free standard shipping will be charged the appropriate shipping fee. once a package is dropped off to our carrier for delivery, we will not have any control over the package; therefore, we can not make any guarantees after this point. in cases of errors or delays caused by the shipping carrier, we will help resolve the dispute at our best ability, yet we will not be held responsible or liable. amiclubwear.com requires an adult signature on any package over $200.00 in value. to cancel or modify your order, please contact us at (888)908-1288. before 2pm pst. we will try to help, however during company regular order processing procedure, we can not guarantee any cancellation and modification. please note: (1) we do not accept email order cancellation (2) we will not be able to cancel or modify your order after order has been processed (normally 2pm pst every day). return policy all the returned packages with failure delivery, i.e., multiple delivery attempts, insufficient address information, or refusal, we are not responsible for the shipping and return shipping if applicable, store credit will be issued with deduction of shipping cost from the original payment according to the receipt of the returned packages. we give our customers 30 business days from receipt of the item(s) to return back to us for an exchange. customer need to pay the shipping to ship the return back first. invoice # and customer contact information must be included with return inside box, for better service. if the return caused by manufacture defect or receiving wrong shoes, we will be fully responsible for the mistakes, the return shipping will be reimbursed (original shipping in original payment is the maximum, so please choose the return shipping method accordingly). if the return not caused by manufacture defect or receiving wrong shoes, original shipping is not refundable and only store credit will be issued according to receipt of the return. if coupon or discount applied on the original order, the amount will be taken off from the store credit accordingly. for packages refused by customers, there may be additional shipping cost charged by carrier. the package must be returned with original package, all the return w/o original package will be refused; all the return of used condition will not be accepted and will be refused. note: for prom dresses, no return without tag. so please do not tear off the tag when trying the dresses. note: due to health restrictions, we cannot accept returns for any costumes, lingerie, hosiery, swimsuit or intimate apparel items. all sales are final. note: we cannot accept returns for clearance items, accessories or items costing 12.99 and under. all sales are final. return procedure before returning the package back to us for any reason, please request return merchandise authorization (rma) number through http://myaccount.amiclubwear.com/returnacquires.php our representative will review your request within 24 hours and issue the rma number per our return policy. they may refuse to issue rma number is the request not following our return policy after customers get the rma number, please marked outside of the packages obviously. any package without rma # will be refused. international order policy we are not able to provide destination country tax and duty charge if occurred. please check any restrictions, duties, taxes and any other fees which are collected from your country before you place the order. amiclubwear.com will not be responsible for any of the above duties and fees. if the order arrives at your country and any of the following occur: 1. the customer refuses to accept the package 2. no attempt is made in the country of destination to deliver the package amiclubwear.com reserves the right to abandon the package(s) and will not be responsible for any refund. we do not accept any customer's own shipping method (federal express, dhl/airborne, ups or any other company) for any order. legal information general this website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. amiclubwear.com and the third parties that provide content on this site may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, programs, and prices described in this website at any time without notice. changes are periodically made to the website. these terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the website and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. amiclubwear.com can revise these terms at any time without notice by updating this posting. links to third party sites this website may be linked to other websites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by amiclubwear.com. amiclubwear.com is not responsible for the content of those sites. amiclubwear.com provides these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by amiclubwear.com of those sites. amiclubwear.com reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. trademarks / logos / images amiclubwear.com, the amiclubwear.com logo, the original product images taken by amiclubwear.com, and all amiclubwear.com-based trademarks are trademarks or registered properties of amiclubwear.com in the united states and other countries and are protected by law. unauthorized use of amiclubwear.com's name, images, logos and trademarks or unauthorized copy of contents from this web site without permission from amiclubwear.com is in violation of u.s. and international copyright law. for more info, please click here select categories home little black dress holiday picks glitz & glam pucker back swimsuits bandage dress active wear sexy animal print celebrity style lace & mesh shoes boots booties heels flats sandals wedges clothing dress intimates sweater hosiery outerwear outfit pants top shirts skirt shorts undergarment top swimsuit one-piece swimsuit two-piece swimsuit costume animal costume sexy costume pirates costume bug costume schoolgirl costume nurse costume gangster costume storybook costume holidays costume western costume army costume sailor costume retro costume exotic costume sports costume fantasy costume horror costume authority costume men costume pet costume costume accessory plus size costume accessories belt body bracelets necklace scarves handbags earrings hat watch ring hair sunglasses misc accessory set clearance dress sale shoes sale accessories sale choose color select brands select style free newsletter amiclubwear betsey johnson chinese laundry dollhouse shoes steve madden two lips sanrio mia shoes naughty monkey not rated penny loves kenny wanted shoes leg avenue seven till midnight pleaser shoes j-valentine roma exposed paris hilton boots heels flats sandals wedges shoes dress shirts outerwear outfit pants skirt sweater cosmetics swimsuit costume hosiery women's accessories email address: : *sign up to be one of our email subscribers and enjoy exclusive deals, new arrival info and much more! we never share your e-mail address with anyone! home about us coupon affiliate program style book view cart contact us privacy policy store policy disclaimer partner links join us press size chart everyday hot deals and just in copyright 2011. ami clubwear all right reserved.