来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091225005032/http://www.altrec.com/company/
================================================================================

about altrec.com my account returns order status help/faq's just added: sample name (#) color: size: price: 0 items, $0.00 items: sub total: shipping: 0 $0.00 free shipping view my cart your cart is empty free shipping on $45 orders deals of the season clothes belts dresses & skirts gloves & mittens hats infant apparel jackets long underwear neckwear pants rash guards running accessories shirts shorts socks sunglasses swimsuits towels underwear vests watches & clocks yoga clothing jackets active jackets cycling jackets down jackets fleece jackets insulated jackets lifestyle/ casual jackets rain jackets rainwear running jackets ski jackets snowboard jackets soft shell jackets sweaters track jackets wading workwear shoes boots casual shoes climbing footwear footwear accessories hiking boots running shoes sandals shoes snow boots gear backcountry gear backpacks bags & luggage bicycle accessories bicycle tires bindings binoculars blankets & pillows books boot & fabric care cameras camp cooking gear camping accessories camping chairs camping food camping tents car racks carabiners climbing gear climbing harnesses compasses cycling footwear dry bags dry boxes electronics first aid kits fishing accessories float tubes fly vests & packs gaiters gifts gifts & games goggles headlamps & lights helmets kites knives & tools leg & arm warmers lifejackets/ pfds locks maps messenger & bike bags neoprene paddles & oars paddlewear paddling repair pet gear poles protection rafts catarafts and kayaks rescue gear ropes showers & toilets skateboards skates & scooters ski & board repair ski boots ski suits skis sleds and tubes sleeping bags & pads snowboard boots snowboards snowshoes sprayskirts & cockpit covers stoves strollers swimming travel accessories videos waders wakeboarding accessories wakeboards water bottles & bags water filters water toys yoga accessories all brands all brands 5150 686 academy accurate acorn adidas shoes adio advanced elements advantage sports racks adventure medical aerial agency airblaster aire airwalk alpineaire foods ambler american park network analog anarchy angel anon by burton aquaglide aquapac arbor collective arc'teryx ardica arnette artec ashbury asolo astral atlantis atlas snowshoes atomic atwater carey avalanche avia backpacker's pantry bakoda bare bent metal bern best american duffel betty ride's big agnes billabong birkenstock bite black diamond equipment black dot blind blurr body glove bogs bond bones bonfire booster bravo bridgedale socks brunton buck knives burton byer of maine byerly calpak camelbak campsuds canada goose canine hardware capita capix cappel carhartt carlisle carlson carve designs cataract caterpillar cateye chaco sandals chocolate chooka circa claden cleanwaste clif bar cloudveil coal coleman columbia columbia river company connelly converse work crazy creek crescent moon snowshoes crocs cuff sox cw-x cwb dakine darkstar darn tough vermont dc defcon descente design salt deuter dna double up download dr. bronner's dr. martens dragon drake drop dry guy dvs dynafit e408 eagle creek eagles nest outfitters ecco eesa clothing elan electric element emerica emu end footwear enjoi es etnies eton eureka evol evolv ex officio execute exped extrasport f2 famous stars fila filson finn comfort five.ten flojos flow flux forum foursquare fourstar fox racing freemotion freestyle watches frs garmin gps garmont shoes gator boards gerber girl giro sport design globe gnu gold coast golden retriever footwear golite gordini gramicci grand trunk grandoe granite gear gravis gregory grenade grindwater gsi gu habitat haiku hammock bliss harley davidson head head trip headland heelys helium helly hansen hennessy hammock hestra hi-tec high sierra ho holden honey stinger horny toad hot chillys hurley hyperflex hyperlite ibex icebreaker independent inline innate innova ipath isis j-41 footwear jansport java juice jeenyus jelly belly jet pilot jetboil joby julbo k2 kaenon kamik kampus katadyn kavu kayland keen kelty kershaw kjus klean kanteen kokatat kuhl l1 la sportiva n.a. lakai laken lamar launch pad lawson hammock company leatherman leki level level six lib tech life is good lifetime liquid force liquid solutions lole lonely planet lost lowa boots ltd lucky lucky bums m3 m4 m6 mad rock mammut marker ltd. marmot matix merrell shoes metolius metro mission playground mob molehill montrail shoes morrow mountain boy sledworks mountain hardwear mountain house mountain khakis mountain safety research mountain sprouts mountainsmith moving comfort muk luks musuc myrtle nathan water bottles native eyewear neff nemo equipment neos overshoe neosport nevin new balance nexus nike nike acg nikita nikon nikwax nils nitro nixon nomis nordica nrs nuun active hydration oakley o'brien ocean minded o'gio omatic omega oneballjay wax o'neill orage oregon scientific osiris osprey packs outdoor research overland equipment pacific outdoor equipment pacsafe padz paha que wilderness palmer patagonia pearl izumi pelican peppers peregrine petzl pistil planet earth platypus poc pow gloves prana clothing primus outdoor princeton tec prism design inc. pro-tec proline prom quiksilver ray ban red by burton revo ride snowboards rider rip curl rocket dog rome ronix rossignol rough stuff paddles roxy royal robbins ruff wear rusty rvca ryders ryka salomon santa cruz sanuk usa sapient saucony scapegoat scott sea to summit seal line seal skinz seirus sessions sherpani sierra designs sigg signal silence silva sims skechers skullcandy skwoosh slingshot smartwool smith sole sorel boots spacecraft special blend spenco spitfire sporto sportrack sportube spy optics spyder st. moritz stabilicers stanley steiner steripen stm bags straight line strange notes sun valley bar suncloud superfeet suunto swany swiss army/ victorinox switch swix technine tecnica ten 80 terra nova equipment terrasoles test pilot teva the north face the probar thermarest thinksport water bottles thirtytwo thorlo timberland timberland pro timbuk 2 timex tommy bahama toms shoes trager bags trak kayaks transpack treksta trespass tributary tubbs snowshoes tula hats under armour union binding company unltd by marc ecko vans vargo titanium vas entertainment vasque shoes velvet venue version vestal vholdr volcom volkl vonzipper wakeside watershed wenger western chief white sierra wigwam mills, inc. woolrich world industries world ski lines xcel yakima yaktrax z7 zamberlan zeal optics zoo york gift ideas gifts for him gifts for her gifts for kids & grandkids gifts from the north face top picks of the season gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts over $100 gifts from patagonia gifts from columbia sportswear gifts from burton gifts for skiers gifts for runners gifts for travelers gifts for snowboarders gift certificates exclusive email deals men's women's kids' snowboard ski snowshoe juniors' camp & hike travel climb run beach wakeboard paddle cycle about altrec.com let your passion define your path welcome to altrec.com where we share your passion for the outdoors. like you, the team at altrec.com is comprised of outdoor enthusiasts, explorers and adventurers. that's why we seek out the best stories, the best information and the best clothing and equipment available today. whatever path you choose, we hope to help you along the way. the altrec.com web site launched in march 1999 with the belief that spending time outside - whether climbing a mountain or taking a quiet hike - helps us to live a healthy, balanced life. altrec.com is a privately held company with headquarters at 725 sw umatilla ave., redmond, or 97756. phone: 541-316-2400. management team altrec.com has carefully selected a sophisticated and dynamic team that is well-equipped to serve people's outdoor and active travel lifestyle needs. our team has extensive experience in the internet, travel, and retail fields. mike morford - chief executive officer mike morford is the founder and ceo of altrec.com outdoors (www.altrec.com). morford founded altrec.com in 1997, raised both individual and institutional investment capital and acquired several companies in the process, including greatoutdoors.com (www.greatoutdoors.com). he led the company through the initial exuberance of the dot-com market, the dot-com crash, and the recovery to its current success. he continues to lead this mid-market company with strong growth. prior to starting altrec.com, morford founded and served as ceo for joppa.com, inc., an e-commerce incubator dedicated to designing and developing e-commerce companies. his previous experience included business development for cofano venture system and prior to that management with united parcel service (ups). morford holds a b.a. in business administration from seattle pacific university. morford also serves on the board of mercent corporation (www.mercent.com), a madrona and tvc capital backed software services company with world-class clients such as nordstrom, guess, 1800flowers.com, cutter & buck, car toys, and many others. morford served for 5 years as the finance chairman for cascade community church (www.cascadechurch.org) and as an informal advisor to northshore baptist church (www.nsb.org). mike, and his wife katie, moved to central oregon in the fall of 2006 along with the majority of the company. today morford serves on the elder board of sisters community church (www.sisterschurch.com). blaine donnelson - creative director & cofounder blaine donnelson, co-founder, brings to altrec.com extensive web design experience from another company he co-founded in 1990 called edge design, inc. as co-founder and president of edge design, he spent seven years absorbing every aspect of print design, web design and, over time, the culmination between commercial marketing and advanced-technology networking, now known as the internet. his clientele include fine.com interactive, microsoft, webnet-marketing, puget sound media, microserv and m&m data systems. donnelson's comprehensive understanding of internet marketing and print development allows for quick and responsive action to the many challenges of conducting business on the world wide web. he holds a b.a. in graphic design from western washington university. john hnanicek - chief information officer john hnanicek brings a high level of start up, retail, technology, ecommerce and executive level leadership to the team. hnanicek was the evp/cio for knowledge learning center, coo/cio for etoys.com, svp for hollywood entertainment, svp officemax as well as the ceo of paciolan, a tcv backed start-up sold to ticketmaster. he holds a b.a. in computer science with a minor in accounting from cleveland state university. jim helmich - vp of hr, cs & dc jim helmich brings a wealth of experience in hr with startups such as altrec.com and northstar neuroscience, a medical device company that eventually was taken public. his wealth of experience includes roles as hr director/mgr for msn.com & corporate recruiter for starbucks. helmich holds a b.a. in religions studies from seattle pacific university and an m.a. in religion/theology from seattle university. kevin bauer - vp business development and product development prior to joining altrec.com, kevin bauer was the european director for the automotive division at yahoo! where he gained deep experience in e-commerce, online media, content creation and distribution, social networking, online product design and creating deep, engaging user experiences and business partnerships in both the european and us markets. previous experience includes roles as the head of automotive for the uk division of kelkoo, the largest shopping comparison site in europe. kevin holds a b.a. in business management and marketing from oregon state university. tom holt - director of merchandising tom holt has come to altrec.com, having worked for retailers: recreational equipment incorporated (rei), macy's, may department stores int'l and the limited corporation during his nearly twenty years in the industry. his responsibilities have included strategic merchandise and financial planning, private brand development/sourcing, pricing and promotional planning. tom holds a b.a. in apparel, merchandising and textiles (business/marketing emphasis) from washington state university. john byrne - director of finance john byrne is responsible for the accounting, administrative, and human resources functions of the company. prior to joining altrec.com john spent seven years as the cfo for a non-profit organization. he has also held the positions of corporate accounting manager for red lion hotels & inns and financial analyst for multnomah publishers. john holds a b.s. degree in accounting from biola university in southern california. when not at work john enjoys spending time in the outdoors with his family. his favorite activities include camping and snow skiing, but he also enjoys hiking, bicycling, and water sports. peter potterfield - greatoutdoors.com editor peter potterfield is the author of a dozen books, including the critically acclaimed in the zone (the mountaineers books, 1996), and the banff book festival award winner, high himalaya (the mountaineers books, 2001). his most recent books are classic hikes of the world (ww norton & co., 2005), himalayan quest (national geographic books, 2003) and everest, the anthology, a collection of first-hand narratives from the world's highest peak (the mountaineers books, 2003). potterfield has made a specialty of covering mountaineering and backcountry adventure for the popular press, and he has written on these subjects for national geographic adventure, conde nast traveler, outside, reader's digest, backpacker, modern maturity, summit, smithsonian air & space, and other publications. as editor of mountainzone.com from 1996 to 2003, he developed electronic adventure journalism by pioneering live reporting of mount everest expeditions and other real-time adventure stories from remote locations. jack menendez - director of technology jack menendez is responsible for it and software development at altrec.com. prior to altrec.com, jack worked for 25 years as a software engineer, manager, and director at several silicon valley high-tech companies before coming to central oregion. jack holds a bachelors degree in mathematics from california state university at san jose. company structure altrec.com, inc., (d.b.a. altrec.com) is a c corporation organized under the laws of the state of delaware. the company originally incorporated in may 1998. altrec.com's principal executive and administrative offices are located 725 sw umatilla ave., redmond, or 97756. phone: 541-316-2400. shop with confidence questions? free shipping on $45 orders easy returns our guarantee price policy privacy & security now accepting free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous united states call us: 1-800-369-3949 email us: customerservice@altrec.com altrec.com 725 sw umatilla ave redmond, or 97756 we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat: closed sun: noon-8pm pst © 1998-2009 | about us | affiliates | jobs | sitemap | sales exclusions popular searches arcteryx backpacks burton board shorts cloudveil columbia denali jacket helly hansen hiking boots keen shoes marmot new balance shoes nike shoes the north face oakley sunglasses patagonia sandals popular searches arcteryx backpacks burton board shorts cloudveil columbia denali jacket helly hansen hiking boots keen shoes marmot new balance nike shoes the north face oakley sunglasses patagonia sandals free shipping offer free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous u.s.. to receive free shipping simply choose the free shipping option during checkout. exceptionally large/heavy items, such as a kayak or some special order items, may require an additional handling charge as noted on each product page. credit card security shopping at our site is safe, and we guarantee it. all orders on our site are processed on our secure server. all credit card information is encrypted and protected. to check that your transaction is secure, look for the unbroken key or closed padlock icon in the corner of your browser screen. if you would prefer not to place your order on-line, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. our price policy we guarantee that if we place an item on sale less than 10 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. this offer only applies to purchases made within the last 10 days, and only if we have the same size and color of that item in stock at the time. this offer does not apply to special sales, use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase promotions. simply contact us within 10 days of your purchase by email at customerservice@altrec.com or by phone at 1-800-369-3949. our satisfaction guarantee we are committed to providing the highest quality gear for your outdoor adventures. altrec provides world-class service, exceptionally fast delivery and a straightforward buying experience. if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you can simply return any item within 60 days of purchase for a refund or exchange (less cost of shipping), no questions asked. we just require items to be returned in their original packaging and in their original condition. we will happily provide store credit for any items returned after 60 days as long as they are in their original condition. we're sorry, but used items cannot be returned for refund or credit unless due to manufacturer defect. we will accept any item that is defective due to a manufacturer issue at any time. we will handle the return to the manufacturer for you and happily provide a replacement. the replacement could be the closest approximation if the original is no longer available or a store credit which will be determined at our discretion. any electronic or food products that have been opened and/or used cannot be returned unless the item was received defective. opened software, music, games, and movies may be exchanged for the same title only. all climbing equipment sales are final. examples of climbing equipment include but are not limited to; carabineers, quick draws, cams, harnesses, stoppers, hexes, belay devices, slings, ropes, helmets, crampons, ice screws, ice axes, ice tools, pulleys, ascenders, rescue kits, nut tools and personal anchors. shop using paypal shop with the convenience of a paypal account. it's a safe and secure method of payment that accepts a wide variety of major credit or bank cards. paypal - it's the safer, easier way to pay online. your privacy is important to us we will never sell, lease, rent or give your e-mail address or other personal information to anyone else without your permission. period. since our distribution model requires some manufacturers to ship products to customers, it is necessary to provide shipping information for that purpose only. we are firmly commited to your privacy. our shipping policies free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous u.s.. to receive free shipping simply choose the free shipping option during checkout. exceptionally large/heavy items, such as a kayak or some special order items, may require an additional handling charge as noted on each product page. orders are processed and shipped on business days only, not weekends or holidays. severe weather may also cause delays in shipping. orders containing items that ship from multiple locations may be shipped separately to serve you better. our shipping partner fedex does not deliver any shipments on sundays and does not deliver ground shipments on mondays. if your order is received before 2pm pacific time, we will do our very best to ship it out on the same day. orders placed after 2pm pacific time will begin processing the following business day. sales tax washington state sales tax - sales tax is added to orders delivered within washington state. the state of washington requires that we charge state and local sales tax on the full amount of the order, including any shipping charges. sales tax is calculated using the base state tax rate of 6.5% plus the local tax rate associated with the shipping address in your order. this combined sales tax total will be displayed during checkout along with other pricing information that pertains to your order. new york state sales tax - sales tax is added to orders delivered within new york state. the state of new york requires that we charge state and local sales tax on the full amount of the order, including any shipping charges. sales tax is calculated using a combined state and local sales tax rate based on the shipping address in your order. there may be exemptions for certain clothing and footwear based on new york state sales and use tax regulations. this calculated sales tax total will be displayed during checkout along with other pricing information that pertains to your order. easy returns we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. 1. in your account, find your order, choose the items and print your packing list. 2. pack the list inside of your package with the item(s) to return. 3. send your return package insured with your choice of carrier. you may also contact our customer service department to arrange for returns and receive a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. please call 1-800-369-3949 with any questions, or use our live chat available during our hours - mon-fri: 6am-8pm, sat: closed, sun: noon-8pm pst . our $5.95 2day air promotion for a limited time, get $5.95 2day air on your purchases at altrec.com. a $15.95 value, yours for $5.95 thru dec. 22nd at 1pm pst choose 2day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$5.95 2day air" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s.. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. $5.95 2day air restrictions $5.95 2day air is only available on single package orders containing only products with the $5.95 2day air icon: . we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s.. details about $5.95 2day air: a $15.95 value, 2day air is yours for $5.95 thru dec. 22nd at 1pm pst choose 2day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$5.95 2day air" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. our $14.95 overnight promotion for a limited time, get $14.95 overnight on your purchases at altrec.com. a $26.95 value, yours for $14.95 thru dec. 23rd at 1pm choose next-day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$14.95 overnight" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. $14.95 overnight restrictions $14.95 overnight is only available on single package orders containing only products with the $14.95 overnight icon: . we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s.. details about $14.95 overnight: a $26.95 value, overnight is yours for only $14.95 thru dec. 23rd at 1pm choose overnight as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$14.95 overnight" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. restrictions for delivery by christmas delivery by christmas is only available on single package orders containing only products with this icon: . contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses some items with extended processing times may take too long to ship. review our holiday deadline schedule for more information. loading...