来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091225005032/http://www.altrec.com/helpdesk/faqs/static.htm
================================================================================

helpdesk: faq's - altrec.com my account returns order status help/faq's just added: sample name (#) color: size: price: 0 items, $0.00 items: sub total: shipping: 0 $0.00 free shipping view my cart your cart is empty free shipping on $45 orders deals of the season clothes belts dresses & skirts gloves & mittens hats infant apparel jackets long underwear neckwear pants rash guards running accessories shirts shorts socks sunglasses swimsuits towels underwear vests watches & clocks jackets active jackets cycling jackets down jackets fleece jackets insulated jackets lifestyle/ casual jackets rain jackets rainwear running jackets ski jackets snowboard jackets soft shell jackets sweaters track jackets wading workwear shoes boots casual shoes climbing footwear footwear accessories hiking boots running shoes sandals shoes snow boots gear backcountry gear backpacks bags & luggage bicycle accessories bicycle tires bindings binoculars blankets & pillows books boot & fabric care cameras camp cooking gear camping accessories camping chairs camping food camping tents car racks carabiners climbing gear climbing harnesses compasses cycling footwear cycling repair dry bags dry boxes electronics first aid kits fishing accessories float tubes fly vests & packs gaiters gifts gifts & games goggles headlamps & lights helmets kites knives & tools leg & arm warmers lifejackets/ pfds locks maps messenger & bike bags neoprene paddles & oars paddlewear paddling repair pet gear poles prints and posters protection rafts catarafts and kayaks rescue gear ropes showers & toilets skateboards skates & scooters ski & board repair ski boots ski suits skis sleds and tubes sleeping bags & pads snowboard boots snowboards snowshoes sprayskirts & cockpit covers stoves strollers swimming travel accessories videos waders wakeboarding accessories wakeboards water bottles & bags water filters water toys yoga accessories all brands all brands 5150 686 academy accurate acorn adidas shoes adio advanced elements advantage sports racks adventure medical aerial agency airblaster aire airwalk alpineaire foods ambler american park network analog anarchy angel anon by burton aquaglide aquapac arbor collective arc'teryx arnette artec ashbury asolo astral atlantis atlas snowshoes atomic atwater carey avalanche avia backpacker's pantry bakoda bare bent metal bern best american duffel betty ride's big agnes billabong birkenstock usa bite black diamond equipment black dot blind blurr body glove bogs bond bonfire booster bravo bridgedale socks brunton buck knives burton byer of maine byerly calpak camelbak campsuds canada goose canine hardware capita capix cappel carhartt carlisle carlson carve designs cataract caterpillar cateye chaco sandals chocolate chooka circa claden cleanwaste clif bar cloudveil coal coleman columbia columbia river company connelly converse work crazy creek crescent moon snowshoes crocs cuff sox cw-x cwb dakine darkstar darn tough vermont dc defcon delorme demon descente design salt deuter dna double up download dr. bronner's dr. martens dragon drake drop dry guy dvs dynafit e408 eagle creek eagles nest outfitters ecco eesa clothing elan electric element emerica emu end footwear enjoi es etnies eton eureka evol evolv ex officio execute exped extrasport f2 famous stars fila filson finn comfort five.ten flojos flow flux forum foursquare fourstar fox racing freemotion freestyle watches frs full tilt garmin gps garmont shoes gator boards gerber girl giro sport design globe gnu go lite gold coast golden retriever footwear gordini gramicci grand trunk grandoe granite gear gravis gregory grenade grindwater gsi gu habitat haiku hammock bliss harley davidson head head trip headland heelys helium helly hansen hennessy hammock hestra hi-tec high sierra ho holden honey stinger horny toad hot chillys hurley hyperflex hyperlite ibex icebreaker independent inline innate innova inversion ipath isis j-41 footwear jansport java juice jeenyus jelly belly jet pilot jetboil joby julbo k2 kaenon kamik kampus kangaroos katadyn kavu kayland keen kelty kershaw kjus klean kanteen kokatat kuhl l1 la sportiva n.a. lakai laken lamar launch pad lawson hammock company leatherman leki level level six lib tech life is good lifetime liquid force liquid solutions lole lonely planet lost lowa boots ltd lucky bums m3 m4 m6 mad rock mammut marker ltd. marmot matix merrell shoes metolius metro mission playground mob molehill montrail shoes morrow mountain boy sledworks mountain hardwear mountain house mountain khakis mountain safety research mountain sprouts mountainsmith moving comfort muk luks musuc myrtle nathan water bottles native eyewear neff nemo equipment neos overshoe neosport nevin new balance nexus nike nike acg nikita nikon nikwax nils nitro nixon nomis nordica nrs nuun active hydration oakley o'brien ocean minded o'gio omatic omega oneballjay wax o'neill optimus orage oregon scientific osiris osprey packs otter outdoor research overland equipment pacific outdoor equipment pacsafe padz paha que wilderness palmer patagonia pearl izumi pelican peppers peregrine petzl pistil planet bike planet earth platypus poc pow gloves prana clothing primus outdoor princeton tec prism design inc. pro-tec proline prom quiksilver rave ray ban red by burton revo ride snowboards rider rip curl rocket dog rome ronix rossignol roxy royal robbins rs sports ruff wear rusty rvca ryders ryka salomon santa cruz sanuk usa sapient saucony scapegoat scott sea to summit seal line seal skinz seirus sessions sherpani sierra designs sigg signal silence silva sims skechers skullcandy skwoosh slingshot smartwool smith sole sorel boots spacecraft special blend spenco sporto sportrack sportube spy optics spyder spyderco st. moritz stabilicers stanley steiner steripen stm bags straight line strange notes sun valley bar suncloud superfeet suunto swany swiss army/ victorinox switch swix tech 4 o technine tecnica ten 80 terra nova equipment terrasoles test pilot teva the north face the probar thermarest thinksport water bottles third eye thirtytwo thorlo thunder timberland timberland pro timbuk 2 timex tommy bahama toms shoes trager bags trak kayaks transpack treksta trespass tributary tubbs snowshoes tula hats under armour union binding company unltd by marc ecko vans vargo titanium vas entertainment vasque shoes velvet venue version vestal vholdr volcom volkl vonzipper wakeside watershed wenger western chief white sierra whittaker collection wigwam mills, inc. woolrich world industries world ski lines xcel yakima yaktrax z7 zamberlan zeal optics zoo york gift ideas gifts for him gifts for her gifts for kids & grandkids gifts from the north face top picks of the season gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts over $100 gifts from patagonia gifts from columbia sportswear gifts from burton gifts for skiers gifts for runners gifts for travelers gifts for snowboarders gift certificates exclusive email deals men's women's kids' snowboard ski snowshoe juniors' camp & hike travel climb run beach wakeboard paddle cycle help: faq's returns: what is your return policy? we have a guarantee on everything we sell. this means that we accept returns, for a limited time, with a full refund or store credit (does not include shipping costs). how to make a return... can i make a direct exchange? we would be more than happy to send you a different size/color as an exchange. you may send back the return and call us at 1-800-369-3949 to request a "store credit." once the product is received, we can send you out the new product by using your store credit. please keep in mind that the item you need may go out-of-stock before we receive your package. how do i make a return? we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. please follow the instructions on our returns page... do you pay for my return shipping? we do not provide pre-paid shipping labels for general returns. however, if an item is defective, or we sent you the wrong product by mistake, we most certainly will provide you with a pre-paid shipping label. please contact us by phone 1-800-369-3949 or email customerservice@altrec.com for further help. i just sent back my return, why hasn't it been credited to my account yet? it can take up to two weeks for return packages to reach us and to be checked in (additional time may be needed after weekends and holidays). once your return is checked in, please allow approximately 10 business days for your bank to credit your account. as soon as your package is checked in, you will be notified via email. what if i receive the wrong item or the picture does not match what i received? if we send you a different item than what you were expecting, please contact customer service immediately at 1-800-369-3949 or customerservice@altrec.com and we will send you the correct item with no additional charge to you. additionally, we will send you a pre-paid shipping label so that you can send the incorrect item back to us free-of-charge. ordering: how do i use my gear review discount? when writing a gear review, make sure you use the same email address you use to login to your account. as long as you do this, 10% will automatically be taken off your next order. please keep in mind that this discount cannot be applied towards sale items or items from the north face. why did i receive an email or a voicemail asking to verify my billing and shipping address? each transaction is sent through a bank verification process. when a transaction is sent back to us as potential fraud, we work hard to protect the customer by investigating thoroughly. if it is necessary, we contact you to verify the information matching the card. if there is no response within 72 hours, the order is automatically canceled, and all pending authorization charges are removed. can i add an item even though i have already placed the order? once an order is placed, we cannot add to it, but we would be happy to place a new order for the additional item. please call us at 1-800-369-3949. if i decide to cancel an order after it has already gone through, can i do that? if you need to cancel an order, please call 1-800-369-3949 so that we can put a stop to your order as quickly as possible. if your order has not yet shipped, you will not have been charged (the pending authorizations will come off within a few business days). if your order has already been shipped, you can either refuse the package or send it back marked "return to sender." once we receive the package back we will credit your account. orders: what is the status of my order? you can quickly and easily track the status of your order by logging in to your account. simply visit: track my order. why hasn't my order shipped yet? if you have not yet received an email notification stating that your order has shipped, there are a few easily explained reasons: one or more of the items you selected is a special order item. these takes longer to ship. if you would like the remainder of your order to be shipped immediately, please call 1-800-369-3949, or send us a detailed email: customerservice@altrec.com. we need you to verify your billing and shipping information. if this is this case, we will contact you by email, or you may call us at 1-800-369-3949 to complete the order processing. an item is out-of-stock on your order. every time there is an out-of-stock item on an order, one of our customer service representatives will call the customer to notify them. sometimes, however, either an incorrect telephone number is listed or the customer is not reachable. if this is the case, please call 1-800-369-3949 to check on the status of out-of-stock items. the order wasn't finalized. in some cases, orders will fail that have incorrect information (such as address or credit card expiration date). if this is the case, the order will not be processed, you will not be charged, but the items will remain in your shipping cart for two hours. what does special order mean? certain items are labeled as "special order." in order to lower prices, we reduce our costs by shipping directly from the manufacturer's warehouse. when these special order items are purchased it can take up to two weeks before it is shipped to you. i only made one order - why am i seeing multiple charges to my account? there are 2 potential reasons. if your order is made up of multiple packages, you will see a charge for the products in each package as they ship. the first package shipped will also include the cost of shipping, if any. the other reason maybe that, during the checkout process, each time the final "submit my order" button is clicked a pending authorization amount is sent to your account to reserve the funds for your order. however, we will only charge you once for your order, and those charges will only be finalized when the order is shipped to you. typically any pending authorizations are removed from your account overnight, but it may take a few days. we do not have the ability to remove these pending authorizations, and you will need to contact your bank if you need them removed immediately. why is my order being shipped in multiple packages? if you place an order with multiple items, it is possible that certain products will be shipped from different warehouses. each package will have its own tracking number which will be sent to you in an email when the package is shipped. you will not be charged any additional shipping costs for multiple packages sent on one order. you will, however, see separate charges each time a package that is part of your order ships. that charge will cover just the product that is being shipped in the package. additionally, as each manufacturer has different processing and shipping times, it is possible that your packages will arrive at different times. if you have any questions about when your products should be shipped and delivered, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. shipping: do you ship internationally? yes, we ship internationally to certain countries. see our list of countries... please keep in mind that certain manufacturers don't allow us to ship their products internationally, so some product pages will say "only ships within the united states." how much will shipping cost to send internationally? shipping costs can be calculated in your shopping cart. add the items you'd like to your cart and click on the link for "international" or "canada", then the shipping cost will appear on the right. for u.s. shipping, enter in your zip code and then click on the "calculate" button. how will my order be shipped? we use either u.s. postal service or fedex for all of our shipments. expedited shipments (2 business day, next business day) are sent fedex. standard ground shipments are sent via usps or fedex depending on the product. we are able to send to all post office boxes and apo addresses. fedex uses an updated tracking system to monitor your order, while usps does not. if you receive an error message when entering a post office box address, we can still put the order through if you call us: 1-800-369-3949. product questions: how do i know what size to order? if you are concerned or confused about the sizing of the product, most of our products have sizing charts from the manufacturer to aid you in your selection. see how to find a sizing chart... the color/size that i want is not an option in the pull-down menu, can i special order it? our site updates within seconds when a product goes out-of-stock. we are not able to create individual future orders for out-of-stock products. however, on the pull-down menu on the product page there is a link on the right called "looking for other sizes/colors?". clicking that will allow you to sign up to be notified once the item comes back into stock. where can i find an item's product number or sku number? when looking at a product page, you can find the product number in parenthesis on the right side of the page, near product name. for example, for the "men's denali jacket," the product number is "11855". additionally, after you have added an item to your shopping cart, the sku number is listed in the description to the right of the product's picture. these number can be useful when speaking to a customer service representative about your order, or when trying to find the same item on a new visit. price policy: our price guarantee we guarantee that if we place an item on sale less than 10 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. this offer only applies to purchases made within the last 10 days, and only if we have the same size and color of that item in stock at the time. this offer does not apply to special sales, use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase promotions. simply contact us within 10 days of your purchase by email at customerservice@altrec.com or by phone at 1-800-369-3949. contact us: how do i contact a specific representative or department? if you need to contact a department other than customer service, please send a detailed email to customerservice@altrec.com and we will forward it to the appropriate person. if you need to contact a specific customer service representative, first dial 1-800-369-3949 then the extension: aubrey: x151 christi: x136 christina: x175 dave: x141 jaynelle x138 kyle x140 ryan x149 shane x197 taj: x134 login email address password forgotten your password? enter your email address above and click: our service team help faq's track my order shipping free shipping shipping costs shipping methods how quickly orders ship multiple packages damaged shipments canadian shipping international shipping ordering payment options sales tax special orders out-of-stock items canceling an order returns our satisfaction guarantee make a return exchanges damaged shipments sizing charts guarantees our satisfaction guarantee price policy privacy credit card security call us: 1-800-369-3949 email us: customerservice@altrec.com we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat: closed sun: noon-8pm pst shop with confidence questions? free shipping on $45 orders easy returns our guarantee price policy privacy & security now accepting free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous united states call us: 1-800-369-3949 email us: customerservice@altrec.com altrec.com 725 sw umatilla ave redmond, or 97756 we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat: closed sun: noon-8pm pst © 1998-2009 | about us | affiliates | jobs | sitemap | sales exclusions popular searches arcteryx backpacks burton board shorts cloudveil columbia denali jacket helly hansen hiking boots keen shoes marmot new balance shoes nike shoes the north face oakley sunglasses patagonia sandals popular searches arcteryx backpacks burton board shorts cloudveil columbia denali jacket helly hansen hiking boots keen shoes marmot new balance nike shoes the north face oakley sunglasses patagonia sandals free shipping offer free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous u.s.. to receive free shipping simply choose the free shipping option during checkout. exceptionally large/heavy items, such as a kayak or some special order items, may require an additional handling charge as noted on each product page. credit card security shopping at our site is safe, and we guarantee it. all orders on our site are processed on our secure server. all credit card information is encrypted and protected. to check that your transaction is secure, look for the unbroken key or closed padlock icon in the corner of your browser screen. if you would prefer not to place your order on-line, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. our price policy we guarantee that if we place an item on sale less than 10 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. this offer only applies to purchases made within the last 10 days, and only if we have the same size and color of that item in stock at the time. this offer does not apply to special sales, use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase promotions. simply contact us within 10 days of your purchase by email at customerservice@altrec.com or by phone at 1-800-369-3949. our satisfaction guarantee we are committed to providing the highest quality gear for your outdoor adventures. altrec provides world-class service, exceptionally fast delivery and a straightforward buying experience. if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you can simply return any item within 60 days of purchase for a refund or exchange (less cost of shipping), no questions asked. we just require items to be returned in their original packaging and in their original condition. we will happily provide store credit for any items returned after 60 days as long as they are in their original condition. we're sorry, but used items cannot be returned for refund or credit unless due to manufacturer defect. we will accept any item that is defective due to a manufacturer issue at any time. we will handle the return to the manufacturer for you and happily provide a replacement. the replacement could be the closest approximation if the original is no longer available or a store credit which will be determined at our discretion. any electronic or food products that have been opened and/or used cannot be returned unless the item was received defective. opened software, music, games, and movies may be exchanged for the same title only. all climbing equipment sales are final. examples of climbing equipment include but are not limited to; carabineers, quick draws, cams, harnesses, stoppers, hexes, belay devices, slings, ropes, helmets, crampons, ice screws, ice axes, ice tools, pulleys, ascenders, rescue kits, nut tools and personal anchors. shop using paypal shop with the convenience of a paypal account. it's a safe and secure method of payment that accepts a wide variety of major credit or bank cards. paypal - it's the safer, easier way to pay online. your privacy is important to us we will never sell, lease, rent or give your e-mail address or other personal information to anyone else without your permission. period. since our distribution model requires some manufacturers to ship products to customers, it is necessary to provide shipping information for that purpose only. we are firmly commited to your privacy. our shipping policies free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous u.s.. to receive free shipping simply choose the free shipping option during checkout. exceptionally large/heavy items, such as a kayak or some special order items, may require an additional handling charge as noted on each product page. orders are processed and shipped on business days only, not weekends or holidays. severe weather may also cause delays in shipping. orders containing items that ship from multiple locations may be shipped separately to serve you better. our shipping partner fedex does not deliver any shipments on sundays and does not deliver ground shipments on mondays. if your order is received before 2pm pacific time, we will do our very best to ship it out on the same day. orders placed after 2pm pacific time will begin processing the following business day. sales tax washington state sales tax - sales tax is added to orders delivered within washington state. the state of washington requires that we charge state and local sales tax on the full amount of the order, including any shipping charges. sales tax is calculated using the base state tax rate of 6.5% plus the local tax rate associated with the shipping address in your order. this combined sales tax total will be displayed during checkout along with other pricing information that pertains to your order. new york state sales tax - sales tax is added to orders delivered within new york state. the state of new york requires that we charge state and local sales tax on the full amount of the order, including any shipping charges. sales tax is calculated using a combined state and local sales tax rate based on the shipping address in your order. there may be exemptions for certain clothing and footwear based on new york state sales and use tax regulations. this calculated sales tax total will be displayed during checkout along with other pricing information that pertains to your order. easy returns we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. 1. in your account, find your order, choose the items and print your packing list. 2. pack the list inside of your package with the item(s) to return. 3. send your return package insured with your choice of carrier. you may also contact our customer service department to arrange for returns and receive a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. please call 1-800-369-3949 with any questions, or use our live chat available during our hours - mon-fri: 6am-8pm, sat: closed, sun: noon-8pm pst . our $5.95 2day air promotion for a limited time, get $5.95 2day air on your purchases at altrec.com. a $15.95 value, yours for $5.95 thru dec. 22nd at 1pm pst choose 2day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$5.95 2day air" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s.. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. $5.95 2day air restrictions $5.95 2day air is only available on single package orders containing only products with the $5.95 2day air icon: . we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s.. details about $5.95 2day air: a $15.95 value, 2day air is yours for $5.95 thru dec. 22nd at 1pm pst choose 2day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$5.95 2day air" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. our $14.95 overnight promotion for a limited time, get $14.95 overnight on your purchases at altrec.com. a $26.95 value, yours for $14.95 thru dec. 23rd at 1pm choose next-day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$14.95 overnight" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. $14.95 overnight restrictions $14.95 overnight is only available on single package orders containing only products with the $14.95 overnight icon: . we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s.. details about $14.95 overnight: a $26.95 value, overnight is yours for only $14.95 thru dec. 23rd at 1pm choose overnight as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$14.95 overnight" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. restrictions for delivery by christmas delivery by christmas is only available on single package orders containing only products with this icon: . contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses some items with extended processing times may take too long to ship. review our holiday deadline schedule for more information. loading...