来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091225005032/http://www.altrec.com/greatgeargiveaway/signup/static.htm
================================================================================

great gear give-away - altrec.com my account returns order status help/faq's just added: sample name (#) color: size: price: 0 items, $0.00 items: sub total: shipping: 0 $0.00 free shipping view my cart your cart is empty free shipping on $45 orders deals of the season clothes belts dresses & skirts gloves & mittens hats infant apparel jackets long underwear neckwear pants rash guards running accessories shirts shorts socks sunglasses swimsuits towels underwear vests watches & clocks jackets active jackets cycling jackets down jackets fleece jackets insulated jackets lifestyle/ casual jackets rain jackets rainwear running jackets ski jackets snowboard jackets soft shell jackets sweaters track jackets wading workwear shoes boots casual shoes climbing footwear footwear accessories hiking boots running shoes sandals shoes snow boots gear backcountry gear backpacks bags & luggage bicycle accessories bicycle tires bindings binoculars blankets & pillows books boot & fabric care cameras camp cooking gear camping accessories camping chairs camping food camping tents car racks carabiners climbing gear climbing harnesses compasses cycling footwear cycling repair dry bags dry boxes electronics first aid kits fishing accessories float tubes fly vests & packs gaiters gifts gifts & games goggles headlamps & lights helmets kites knives & tools leg & arm warmers lifejackets/ pfds locks maps messenger & bike bags neoprene paddles & oars paddlewear paddling repair pet gear poles prints and posters protection rafts catarafts and kayaks rescue gear ropes showers & toilets skateboards skates & scooters ski & board repair ski boots ski suits skis sleds and tubes sleeping bags & pads snowboard boots snowboards snowshoes sprayskirts & cockpit covers stoves strollers swimming travel accessories videos waders wakeboarding accessories wakeboards water bottles & bags water filters water toys yoga accessories all brands all brands 5150 686 academy accurate acorn adidas shoes adio advanced elements advantage sports racks adventure medical aerial agency airblaster aire airwalk alpineaire foods ambler american park network analog anarchy angel anon by burton aquaglide aquapac arbor collective arc'teryx arnette artec ashbury asolo astral atlantis atlas snowshoes atomic atwater carey avalanche avia backpacker's pantry bakoda bare bent metal bern best american duffel betty ride's big agnes billabong birkenstock usa bite black diamond equipment black dot blind blurr body glove bogs bond bonfire booster bravo bridgedale socks brunton buck knives burton byer of maine byerly calpak camelbak campsuds canada goose canine hardware capita capix cappel carhartt carlisle carlson carve designs cataract caterpillar cateye chaco sandals chocolate chooka circa claden cleanwaste clif bar cloudveil coal coleman columbia columbia river company connelly converse work crazy creek crescent moon snowshoes crocs cuff sox cw-x cwb dakine darkstar darn tough vermont dc defcon delorme demon descente design salt deuter dna double up download dr. bronner's dr. martens dragon drake drop dry guy dvs dynafit e408 eagle creek eagles nest outfitters ecco eesa clothing elan electric element emerica emu end footwear enjoi es etnies eton eureka evol evolv ex officio execute exped extrasport f2 famous stars fila filson finn comfort five.ten flojos flow flux forum foursquare fourstar fox racing freemotion freestyle watches frs full tilt garmin gps garmont shoes gator boards gerber girl giro sport design globe gnu go lite gold coast golden retriever footwear gordini gramicci grand trunk grandoe granite gear gravis gregory grenade grindwater gsi gu habitat haiku hammock bliss harley davidson head head trip headland heelys helium helly hansen hennessy hammock hestra hi-tec high sierra ho holden honey stinger horny toad hot chillys hurley hyperflex hyperlite ibex icebreaker independent inline innate innova inversion ipath isis j-41 footwear jansport java juice jeenyus jelly belly jet pilot jetboil joby julbo k2 kaenon kamik kampus kangaroos katadyn kavu kayland keen kelty kershaw kjus klean kanteen kokatat kuhl l1 la sportiva n.a. lakai laken lamar launch pad lawson hammock company leatherman leki level level six lib tech life is good lifetime liquid force liquid solutions lole lonely planet lost lowa boots ltd lucky bums m3 m4 m6 mad rock mammut marker ltd. marmot matix merrell shoes metolius metro mission playground mob molehill montrail shoes morrow mountain boy sledworks mountain hardwear mountain house mountain khakis mountain safety research mountain sprouts mountainsmith moving comfort muk luks musuc myrtle nathan water bottles native eyewear neff nemo equipment neos overshoe neosport nevin new balance nexus nike nike acg nikita nikon nikwax nils nitro nixon nomis nordica nrs nuun active hydration oakley o'brien ocean minded o'gio omatic omega oneballjay wax o'neill optimus orage oregon scientific osiris osprey packs otter outdoor research overland equipment pacific outdoor equipment pacsafe padz paha que wilderness palmer patagonia pearl izumi pelican peppers peregrine petzl pistil planet bike planet earth platypus poc pow gloves prana clothing primus outdoor princeton tec prism design inc. pro-tec proline prom quiksilver rave ray ban red by burton revo ride snowboards rider rip curl rocket dog rome ronix rossignol roxy royal robbins rs sports ruff wear rusty rvca ryders ryka salomon santa cruz sanuk usa sapient saucony scapegoat scott sea to summit seal line seal skinz seirus sessions sherpani sierra designs sigg signal silence silva sims skechers skullcandy skwoosh slingshot smartwool smith sole sorel boots spacecraft special blend spenco sporto sportrack sportube spy optics spyder spyderco st. moritz stabilicers stanley steiner steripen stm bags straight line strange notes sun valley bar suncloud superfeet suunto swany swiss army/ victorinox switch swix tech 4 o technine tecnica ten 80 terra nova equipment terrasoles test pilot teva the north face the probar thermarest thinksport water bottles third eye thirtytwo thorlo thunder timberland timberland pro timbuk 2 timex tommy bahama toms shoes trager bags trak kayaks transpack treksta trespass tributary tubbs snowshoes tula hats under armour union binding company unltd by marc ecko vans vargo titanium vas entertainment vasque shoes velvet venue version vestal vholdr volcom volkl vonzipper wakeside watershed wenger western chief white sierra whittaker collection wigwam mills, inc. woolrich world industries world ski lines xcel yakima yaktrax z7 zamberlan zeal optics zoo york gift ideas gifts for him gifts for her gifts for kids & grandkids gifts from the north face top picks of the season gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts over $100 gifts from patagonia gifts from columbia sportswear gifts from burton gifts for skiers gifts for runners gifts for travelers gifts for snowboarders gift certificates exclusive email deals men's women's kids' snowboard ski snowshoe juniors' camp & hike travel climb run beach wakeboard paddle cycle sign-up for email exclusive deals today mountain hardwear men's windstopper tech jacket valued up to $185 sign-up ends and winner chosen after january 29th, '10. exact sizing subject to availability. no exchanges or returns. no cash value. (note: if you enroll after the current prize expiration date, we will automatically submit your entry into the next give-away - so there's always a chance to win!) enter to win our great gear give-away first name last name email address zip code male female sign up for savings today! when you subscribe for our email exclusive offers and deals you'll be entered to win in our great gear give-away!* start receiving emails offering exclusive sales, special coupons and red hot new products and brands. please note: we will not sell or rent your email address to anyone at anytime. some sample emails: our winners - 2009: october 1-30, 2009: ??? of ??? (the north face apex bionic jacket - up to a $130 value) september 1-30, 2009: ??? of ??? (the north face denali jacket - up to a $165 value) august 1-31, 2009: ??? of ??? (the north face vault backpack - up to a $45 value) july 1-31, 2009: ??? of ??? (teva men's or women's omnium water shoe - up to a $80 value) may 30 - june 30, 2009: kara poulios of rancho cucamonga, ca (osprey packs atmos 50 backpack - up to a $199 value) may 1 - 29, 2009: david dougan of�ozone, ar (mountain hardwear viperine 2 tent - up to a $225 value) april 1 - 30, 2009: brian park of alviso, ca (oakley straight jacket sunglasses - up to a $180 value) feb 27 - mar 31, 2009: james richard of nevada city, ca (osprey packs stratos 40 backpack - up to a $149 value) jan 30 - feb 27, 2009: jeffery podsobinski of salisbury, pa (santa cruz longboards thatch cruzer longboard - up to a $116 value) jan 1 - 29, 2009: maureen hartsock of evart, mi (the north face nuptse down jacket - up to a $199 value) small print: * there is no purchase necessary to enter the give-away. limit one entry per email. a new winner to be drawn approximately 10 days after the closing of each sweepstakes, some drawings may last multiple months. no cash value. full give-away rules: eligibility requirements. to be eligible to participate, give-away entrants must be u.s. residents age 21 or older that have a valid u.s. mailing address to which prizes can be delivered. employees of altrec, inc. and participating altrec.com vendors, and the employees' immediate families, are not eligible to participate in the give-away. how to enter. to enter, you must sign up to receive altrec.com's dispatch e-mails. limit of one entry per person. submission of invalid or incorrect information, including email addresses, shall make an entry void. altrec, inc. is not responsible for incomplete, inaccurate, lost, or otherwise deficient or unusable entries. selection and notification of winner; odds of winning. winners will be selected from eligible participants actively receiving dispatch e-mails. winners will be notified by email around 10 days after the closing of the sweepstakes, some drawings may last multiple months. a complete list of winners can be obtained by contacting altrec.com at 541-316-2400. the odds of winning are determined by the number of entries received. winner will be notified via email and/or phone call. if the winner fails to respond within 72 hours of notification, their winnings may be forfeited and another winner selected. prizes. one winner will be chosen to receive the prize for the give-away. there is no cash value. entrant's responsibilities. by entering the give-away, each entrant agrees: that he has read, understands, and will comply with these rules; to be solely responsible for payment of any and all taxes due and for any liability related to such participation or prize; and to defend and hold altrec, inc. and its related officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns harmless from any such liability. failure to comply with these rules will result in disqualification. each entrant represents and warrants that he is eligible to participate, the information being submitted is correct, and that the entry constitutes consent, without further compensation, for the altrec, inc. and its representatives to use the entrant's name and photograph and that of his guest, spouse, or partner (if any) for any advertising or promotional use without respect to whether related to this event, including that his name may be posted or published in any manner. winning entrants will be required to complete an affidavit of eligibility and release of liability to receive their prizes. use of entry information. the entry information for the give-away will only be given to altrec, inc and its award partner(s) if applicable. all use of information by altrec.com will be within the guidelines set forth in altrec.com's privacy policy. altrec.com cannot vouch for the privacy policies of its award partner(s) and does not control or monitor the use of entry information by its award partner(s). attempt to interfere; disruption of service. any attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any online service or web site or to undermine the legitimate operations of the give-away or any altrec, inc. web site is a violation of criminal and civil laws. altrec, inc. reserves the right to cancel the give-away if it becomes technically corrupted. altrec, inc. is not responsible for any disruption of service, equipment failure, or other events beyond its control. void where prohibited. the give-away is subject to all united states federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and rules. void where prohibited or restricted by law. previous winners 2008: dec 1 - 31, 2008: andy hosch of danville, il (mountain hardwear sub zero jacket - up to a $165 value) nov 1 - dec 1, 2008: dale berg of anchorage, ak (the north face denali jacket - up to a $165 value) sept 30 - october 31, 2008: james story of troutdale, or (oakley a frame snow goggle - a $140 value) sept 1 - 29, 2008: r.e. busch of orlando, fl (oakley: half jacket sunglasses - up to a $200 value) june 28 - july 25, 2008: julie kenyon of dallas, tx (big agnes sleeping bag set - a $200 value) may 27 - june 27, 2008: heather livingston of coarsegold, ca (columbia sportswear omni-shade/tech-lite package for men or women: shoes, pants, shirt & hat - a $213 value) april 24 - may 26, 2008: marci stauffer of salem, or (north face running package for guys or girls: shoes, shorts, shirt & socks - a $197 value) march 26-april 23, 2008: dean shuck of glassport pa (oakley for guys or girls - a $175 value) february 21-march 21, 2008: erik bryant of anchorage, ak (the north face: venture jacket & pants combo - a $188 value) january 6-21: ian phillips of kansas city, mo (burton: googles & gloves package - a $125 value) 2007: december 5-january 5 '08: laurel posey of grover beach, ca (outdoor research: $500 shopping spree) november 6-december 4: pat yamada of santa barbara, ca (atlas: men's or women's 9 series snowshoe package - an $189.95 total value) october 19-november 5: christina shetterly of medford, or (new balance: men's or women's t800 running shoes and a nalgene water bottle - an $88.00 total value) october 2-18: robert wade of kansas city, mo (petzl: myo xp headlamp - an $78.00 value) september 15 - october 1: bob lewis of avondale, az (oakley: flak jacket sunglasses - an $140.00 value) august 31 - september 14: ronnie keisling of water valley, ms (garmin gps: etrex gps - an $106.00 value) august 15-30: nicole baker of sarasota, fl (osprey package 2: astro courier bag, resource pint glass, resource/defeet socks - an $93.00 value) august 1-14: laura solomon of san francisco, ca (osprey package: react pack, resource pint glass, resource/defeet socks - an $83.00 value) july 18-31: gabe nickelson of houston, tx (back to school: the north face borealis pack, brimmed cap and nalgene water bottle - a $97.00 value) july 4-31: eric mccammond in the military, overseas (keepin' cool: the north face hydration pack and breeze brimmer hat - a $93.00 value) june 20-july 3: leslie steele of canton, oh (pooch prize: ruff wear lab coat, bowl and leash set - a $98.00 value) june 6-19: george king of wellington, fl (sizzllin' surfing sets: hurley - his or her's shorts & rashguard - a $65.00 value) may 23-june 5: rebekah thommen of albany, or (spy optics: lacrosse sunglasses - a $90.00 value) may 8-22: michelle berry of columbus, ga (vasque: men's or women's blur trail running shoes - a $85.00 value) april 18-may 7: tim karas of spokane, wa (the north face: men's or women's amp boa shoes - a $110.00 value) april 3-17: david chapman of corpus christi, tx (kelty: gunnison 4 tent - a $210.00 value) march 17-april 2: charles kassing of high ridge, mo (keen: men's or women's bend shoes - a $100.00 value) march 1-16: matt friedman of los angeles, ca (quiksilver: men's jet ski sherpa hoody & lucha libre boardshort - a $130.00 value) february 15-28: j. kmita of new smyrna, fl (patagonia: men's or women's footwear package: huckleberry shoes & manuka sandals - a $195.00 value) february 1-14: m. babcock of evansille, in (nuptse: men's or women's nuptse down jacket from the north face - a $199.00 value) january 9-31: k. tranchitello of warrenville, il (new year fitness: men's or women's montrail hurricane ridge xcr trail running shoe and a highgear loft heart rate monitor. package valued at approx $265.00) 2006: december 5 - january 8: k. collins of elizabeth, nj (the north face his or hers winter package: - caber hybrid jacket, tka 1/4 zip glacier jacket, freedom pant, montana glove. package valued at approx $425.00) november 3 - december 4: c. pusey of maryville, tn (snowshoe package: for men - ibex woolies crew, ibex shak zip neck, and atlas snowshoe 930 9 series kit; for women - ibex woolies crew, ibex carrie full zip hoodie, and atlas snowshoe 923 elektra 9 series kit. each package valued at approx $395.00) october 20 - november 2: g. maley of clarkston, mi (burton: men's bonded fleece jacket or women's kingdom 1/4 zip fleece jacket, valued at $79.95) october 5-19: t. lambert of little rock, ar (salomon: men's or women's xa comp 2 trail running shoe, valued at $79.95) september 20 - october 4: d. forbes of dawsonville, ga (two for the road: 2 north face borealis daypacks & 2 camelbak water bottles, valued at $162.00) september 5-19: r. runyon of lakeville, mn (the north face men's or women's tka 100 glacier jacket, valued at $56.00) august 20-september 4: j. dedominici of colorado springs, co (patagonia men's or women's capilene top & bottom, valued at $70.00) august 5-19: c. palance of houston, tx (keen men's austin shoe or women's presidio shoe, valued at $90.00) july 21-august 4: a. mckenzie of ormond beach, fl (oakley gas can sunglasses, valued at $100.00) july 6-20: d. huertas of patterson, nj (the north face skareb 40 backpack, valued at $148.95) june 22-july 5 - t. bey of twin peaks, ca (sierra designs wild bill 20° sleeping bag, valued at $99.95 and a therm-a-rest ridge rest sleeping pad, valued at $25.95) june 7-21 - d. poon of san francisco, ca (the north face tadpole 23 tent, valued at $228.95) may - s. fernando of aiea, hi (sierra designs "camp out give-away": 1 bedouin tent, 1 cochise sleeping bag, 1 yachiyo sleeping bag, valued over $550.00) april - d. damon of richmond, va (mountain hardwear "base camp give-away": 1 meridian 2 tent and 1 lamina sleeping bag, valued over $425.00) march - r. munn of medford, or (eagle creek travel set: switchback max es 25 rolling pack, carryon es bag, valued over $400.00) january - february - m. weglarz of bozeman, mt (volkl + marker freeski combo: skis & bindings, valued over $1000.00) 2005: december - d. jorgensen of saratoga springs, ut (salomon package: jackets, pants, boots, valued over $950.00) november - j. toll of littleton, co (family snowshoeing package: snowshoes, jackets, sunglasses, snowboots, valued over $1400.00) october - k. moyes of parachute, co (quiksilver/roxy winter package: jackets, hoodies, pants, valued over $850.00) september - r. harris of sahuarita, az (patagonia shorts, underwear, pants, shirts, jackets / salomon shoes / osprey messenger bags, valued over $500.00) august - d. matson of ventura, ca (nike acg running shoes, pearl izumi shorts & t's, julbo sunglasses, valued over $500.00) july - patty yu of mountainview, ca (light hiking package: daypacks, shoes, pants, shirts, watches valued at $786.00) may - june - j. werner of kapaa, hi (mountain hardwear tent & sleeping bags valued at $575.00) march - april - l. lain of redding, ca (his & her's beachwear from billabong and merrell valued at $500.00) january - february - j. baun of aurora, il (arc'teryx sidewinder, burton gloves, dakine beanie, osprey backpack, valued at $800.00) 2004: november - december - a. bejarano columbia, sc (the ski package valued over $2222.00) september - october - s. luckett fresno, ca (the snowshoe package valued over $1300.00) august - j. jones fairfax, va (the north face pro pack collection valued over $830.00) june - july - d. moore us army, italy (the nike acg package valued over $900.00) may - june - c. weaver of marion, ia (the suunto/sierra designs package valued over $1170.00) april - may - d. isaacs of phillipsburg, oh (the patagonia/san diego zoo package valued at $1150.00) march - april - s. peter small of seattle, wa (the outdoor utility package valued at $356.00) january - february - a. burns of fairview park, oh (the whistler ski vacation package valued at $1300.00) 2003: december - january - g. lewis of centralia, wa (the marmot performance package valued at $746.00) october - november - k. gellerman of gladwin, mi (the marmot performance package valued at over $500.00) september & october - t. chagnon of thomaston, ga (the ultimate nrs his and her paddlewear package valued at over $1,000.00) june - august - w. gawne, jr. of riverside, il (mountain harwear tent and sleeping bag valued at $479.00) april & may - l. sutton of washington, dc (osprey aether 60 overnight pack, matching daylight daypack and a bonus raincover) march - t. yanity of westland, mi (nike acg air zoom steens, nike acg ascent watch, nike acg oregon micro shell jacket, nike acg oregon micro shell pant, nike acg oregon aero short sleeve shirt, nike acg oregon running shorts) december - february - a. harvey of bloomington, in (tubbs discovery 21 snowshoes, retail value $109.00) 2002: september - november - a. kearney of fairfax, va (2 "convertible" series sleeping bags from sierra designs, retail value $510.00) august - i. de beque of chaffee, ny (3 hydration systems from ultimate direction, retail value $180.00) july - a. dolezal of helena, mt (the nrs maverik i personal kayak, retail value $1075.00) june - e. lazarus of san diego, ca (rusted root package: oakley backpack, mp3 player, sherpa fleece top, safari hat) april & may - a. ladd of sterling, ny (won 2 pair of montrail hurricane shoes, nalgene bottles, hind jackets, tops, shorts & pants, retail value $730.00) march - p.j. swather of fairbanks, ak (won 2 pair of tubbs snowshoes, retail value $480.00) january & february - b. nicholas of salt lake city, ut (3 night trip for 2 to whistler ski resort with lift tickets, retail value $1,200.00 - 1st prize) j. liepshutz of west bloomfield, mi (marmot membrain technology jacket & pants outfit - 2nd prize) 2001: november & december - m. smith of overland park, ks (5 night trip for 2 to keystore ski resort with lift tickets, retail value $2,000.00) october - j. mettler of grand rapids, mi (pacific crest outward bound trip to joshua tree, ca, retail value $1,100.00 - 1st prize) j. mcconnell of tuscaloosa, al (mountainsmith backpack - 2nd prize) september - d. labelle of sacramento, ca (trek 6700 series mountain bike, retail value $799.00) august - r. soderholm of wellesley, ma (innova kayak, retail value $549.00) shop with confidence questions? free shipping on $45 orders easy returns our guarantee price policy privacy & security now accepting free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous united states call us: 1-800-369-3949 email us: customerservice@altrec.com altrec.com 725 sw umatilla ave redmond, or 97756 we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat: closed sun: noon-8pm pst © 1998-2009 | about us | affiliates | jobs | sitemap | sales exclusions popular searches arcteryx backpacks burton board shorts cloudveil columbia denali jacket helly hansen hiking boots keen shoes marmot new balance shoes nike shoes the north face oakley sunglasses patagonia sandals popular searches arcteryx backpacks burton board shorts cloudveil columbia denali jacket helly hansen hiking boots keen shoes marmot new balance nike shoes the north face oakley sunglasses patagonia sandals free shipping offer free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous u.s.. to receive free shipping simply choose the free shipping option during checkout. exceptionally large/heavy items, such as a kayak or some special order items, may require an additional handling charge as noted on each product page. credit card security shopping at our site is safe, and we guarantee it. all orders on our site are processed on our secure server. all credit card information is encrypted and protected. to check that your transaction is secure, look for the unbroken key or closed padlock icon in the corner of your browser screen. if you would prefer not to place your order on-line, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. our price policy we guarantee that if we place an item on sale less than 10 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. this offer only applies to purchases made within the last 10 days, and only if we have the same size and color of that item in stock at the time. this offer does not apply to special sales, use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase promotions. simply contact us within 10 days of your purchase by email at customerservice@altrec.com or by phone at 1-800-369-3949. our satisfaction guarantee we are committed to providing the highest quality gear for your outdoor adventures. altrec provides world-class service, exceptionally fast delivery and a straightforward buying experience. if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you can simply return any item within 60 days of purchase for a refund or exchange (less cost of shipping), no questions asked. we just require items to be returned in their original packaging and in their original condition. we will happily provide store credit for any items returned after 60 days as long as they are in their original condition. we're sorry, but used items cannot be returned for refund or credit unless due to manufacturer defect. we will accept any item that is defective due to a manufacturer issue at any time. we will handle the return to the manufacturer for you and happily provide a replacement. the replacement could be the closest approximation if the original is no longer available or a store credit which will be determined at our discretion. any electronic or food products that have been opened and/or used cannot be returned unless the item was received defective. opened software, music, games, and movies may be exchanged for the same title only. all climbing equipment sales are final. examples of climbing equipment include but are not limited to; carabineers, quick draws, cams, harnesses, stoppers, hexes, belay devices, slings, ropes, helmets, crampons, ice screws, ice axes, ice tools, pulleys, ascenders, rescue kits, nut tools and personal anchors. shop using paypal shop with the convenience of a paypal account. it's a safe and secure method of payment that accepts a wide variety of major credit or bank cards. paypal - it's the safer, easier way to pay online. your privacy is important to us we will never sell, lease, rent or give your e-mail address or other personal information to anyone else without your permission. period. since our distribution model requires some manufacturers to ship products to customers, it is necessary to provide shipping information for that purpose only. we are firmly commited to your privacy. our shipping policies free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous u.s.. to receive free shipping simply choose the free shipping option during checkout. exceptionally large/heavy items, such as a kayak or some special order items, may require an additional handling charge as noted on each product page. orders are processed and shipped on business days only, not weekends or holidays. severe weather may also cause delays in shipping. orders containing items that ship from multiple locations may be shipped separately to serve you better. our shipping partner fedex does not deliver any shipments on sundays and does not deliver ground shipments on mondays. if your order is received before 2pm pacific time, we will do our very best to ship it out on the same day. orders placed after 2pm pacific time will begin processing the following business day. sales tax washington state sales tax - sales tax is added to orders delivered within washington state. the state of washington requires that we charge state and local sales tax on the full amount of the order, including any shipping charges. sales tax is calculated using the base state tax rate of 6.5% plus the local tax rate associated with the shipping address in your order. this combined sales tax total will be displayed during checkout along with other pricing information that pertains to your order. new york state sales tax - sales tax is added to orders delivered within new york state. the state of new york requires that we charge state and local sales tax on the full amount of the order, including any shipping charges. sales tax is calculated using a combined state and local sales tax rate based on the shipping address in your order. there may be exemptions for certain clothing and footwear based on new york state sales and use tax regulations. this calculated sales tax total will be displayed during checkout along with other pricing information that pertains to your order. easy returns we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. 1. in your account, find your order, choose the items and print your packing list. 2. pack the list inside of your package with the item(s) to return. 3. send your return package insured with your choice of carrier. you may also contact our customer service department to arrange for returns and receive a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. please call 1-800-369-3949 with any questions, or use our live chat available during our hours - mon-fri: 6am-8pm, sat: closed, sun: noon-8pm pst . our $5.95 2day air promotion for a limited time, get $5.95 2day air on your purchases at altrec.com. a $15.95 value, yours for $5.95 thru dec. 22nd at 1pm pst choose 2day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$5.95 2day air" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s.. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. $5.95 2day air restrictions $5.95 2day air is only available on single package orders containing only products with the $5.95 2day air icon: . we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s.. details about $5.95 2day air: a $15.95 value, 2day air is yours for $5.95 thru dec. 22nd at 1pm pst choose 2day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$5.95 2day air" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $5.95 2day air promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. our $14.95 overnight promotion for a limited time, get $14.95 overnight on your purchases at altrec.com. a $26.95 value, yours for $14.95 thru dec. 23rd at 1pm choose next-day air as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$14.95 overnight" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. $14.95 overnight restrictions $14.95 overnight is only available on single package orders containing only products with the $14.95 overnight icon: . we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s.. details about $14.95 overnight: a $26.95 value, overnight is yours for only $14.95 thru dec. 23rd at 1pm choose overnight as your shipping method in cart. valid on select products with the "$14.95 overnight" designation: applies to single package orders only - no split shipments contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses we're offering free standard ground shipping on $45 orders that don't qualify for our $14.95 overnight promotion within the contiguous u.s. *on-time 'guaranteed by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://fedex.com/us/holiday/shipping/moneyback.html. restrictions for delivery by christmas delivery by christmas is only available on single package orders containing only products with this icon: . contiguous u.s. destinations only - not available to: p.o. boxes, alaska, hawaii, international, canada and military addresses some items with extended processing times may take too long to ship. review our holiday deadline schedule for more information. loading...