来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231121633/http://www.altrec.com/helpdesk/faqs/static.htm
================================================================================

helpdesk: faq's - altrec.com help: faq's returns: what is your return policy? we have a guarantee on everything we sell. this means that we accept returns, for a limited time, with a full refund or store credit (does not include shipping costs). how to make a return... can i make a direct exchange? we would be more than happy to send you a different size/color as an exchange. you may send back the return and call us at 1-800-369-3949 to request a "store credit." once the product is received, we can send you out the new product by using your store credit. please keep in mind that the item you need may go out-of-stock before we receive your package. how do i make a return? we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. please follow the instructions on our returns page... do you pay for my return shipping? we do not provide pre-paid shipping labels for general returns. however, if an item is defective, or we sent you the wrong product by mistake, we most certainly will provide you with a pre-paid shipping label. please contact us by phone 1-800-369-3949 or email customerservice@altrec.com for further help. i just sent back my return, why hasn't it been credited to my account yet? it can take up to two weeks for return packages to reach us and to be checked in (additional time may be needed after weekends and holidays). once your return is checked in, please allow approximately 10 business days for your bank to credit your account. as soon as your package is checked in, you will be notified via email. what if i receive the wrong item or the picture does not match what i received? if we send you a different item than what you were expecting, please contact customer service immediately at 1-800-369-3949 or customerservice@altrec.com and we will send you the correct item with no additional charge to you. additionally, we will send you a pre-paid shipping label so that you can send the incorrect item back to us free-of-charge. ordering: how do i use my gear review discount? when writing a gear review, make sure you use the same email address you use to login to your account. after your review is approved (it must not contain profanity and it must be about the product reviewed), we will notify you via email about how to use your 20% off coupon. the gear review 20% off coupon: is not valid on sale items, is not valid on the north face products, will expire 30 days from the date your gear review is approved and may not be combined with any other offer or coupon. why did i receive an email or a voicemail asking to verify my billing and shipping address? each transaction is sent through a bank verification process. when a transaction is sent back to us as potential fraud, we work hard to protect the customer by investigating thoroughly. if it is necessary, we contact you to verify the information matching the card. if there is no response within 72 hours, the order is automatically canceled, and all pending authorization charges are removed. can i add an item even though i have already placed the order? once an order is placed, we cannot add to it, but we would be happy to place a new order for the additional item. please call us at 1-800-369-3949. if i decide to cancel an order after it has already gone through, can i do that? if you need to cancel an order, please call 1-800-369-3949 so that we can put a stop to your order as quickly as possible. if your order has not yet shipped, you will not have been charged (the pending authorizations will come off within a few business days). if your order has already been shipped, you can either refuse the package or send it back marked "return to sender." once we receive the package back we will credit your account. orders: what is the status of my order? you can quickly and easily track the status of your order by logging in to your account. simply visit: track my order. why hasn't my order shipped yet? if you have not yet received an email notification stating that your order has shipped, there are a few easily explained reasons: one or more of the items you selected is a special order item. these takes longer to ship. if you would like the remainder of your order to be shipped immediately, please call 1-800-369-3949, or send us a detailed email: customerservice@altrec.com. we need you to verify your billing and shipping information. if this is this case, we will contact you by email, or you may call us at 1-800-369-3949 to complete the order processing. an item is out-of-stock on your order. every time there is an out-of-stock item on an order, one of our customer service representatives will call the customer to notify them. sometimes, however, either an incorrect telephone number is listed or the customer is not reachable. if this is the case, please call 1-800-369-3949 to check on the status of out-of-stock items. the order wasn't finalized. in some cases, orders will fail that have incorrect information (such as address or credit card expiration date). if this is the case, the order will not be processed, you will not be charged, but the items will remain in your shipping cart for two hours. what does special order mean? certain items are labeled as "special order." in order to lower prices, we reduce our costs by shipping directly from the manufacturer's warehouse. when these special order items are purchased it can take up to two weeks before it is shipped to you. i only made one order - why am i seeing multiple charges to my account? there are 2 potential reasons. if your order is made up of multiple packages, you will see a charge for the products in each package as they ship. the first package shipped will also include the cost of shipping, if any. the other reason maybe that, during the checkout process, each time the final "submit my order" button is clicked a pending authorization amount is sent to your account to reserve the funds for your order. however, we will only charge you once for your order, and those charges will only be finalized when the order is shipped to you. typically any pending authorizations are removed from your account overnight, but it may take a few days. we do not have the ability to remove these pending authorizations, and you will need to contact your bank if you need them removed immediately. why is my order being shipped in multiple packages? if you place an order with multiple items, it is possible that certain products will be shipped from different warehouses. each package will have its own tracking number which will be sent to you in an email when the package is shipped. you will not be charged any additional shipping costs for multiple packages sent on one order. you will, however, see separate charges each time a package that is part of your order ships. that charge will cover just the product that is being shipped in the package. additionally, as each manufacturer has different processing and shipping times, it is possible that your packages will arrive at different times. if you have any questions about when your products should be shipped and delivered, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. shipping: do you ship internationally? yes, we ship internationally to certain countries. see our list of countries... please keep in mind that certain manufacturers don't allow us to ship their products internationally, so some product pages will say "only ships within the united states." how much will shipping cost to send internationally? shipping costs can be calculated in your shopping cart. add the items you'd like to your cart and click on the link for "international" or "canada", then the shipping cost will appear on the right. for u.s. shipping, enter in your zip code and then click on the "calculate" button. how will my order be shipped? we use either u.s. postal service or fedex for all of our shipments. expedited shipments (2 business day, next business day) are sent fedex. standard ground shipments are sent via usps or fedex depending on the product. we are able to send to all post office boxes and apo addresses. fedex uses an updated tracking system to monitor your order, while usps does not. if you receive an error message when entering a post office box address, we can still put the order through if you call us: 1-800-369-3949. product questions: how do i know what size to order? if you are concerned or confused about the sizing of the product, most of our products have sizing charts from the manufacturer to aid you in your selection. see how to find a sizing chart... the color/size that i want is not an option in the pull-down menu, can i special order it? our site updates within seconds when a product goes out-of-stock. we are not able to create individual future orders for out-of-stock products. however, on the pull-down menu on the product page there is a link on the right called "looking for other sizes/colors?". clicking that will allow you to sign up to be notified once the item comes back into stock. where can i find an item's product number or sku number? when looking at a product page, you can find the product number in parenthesis on the right side of the page, near product name. for example, for the "men's denali jacket," the product number is "11855". additionally, after you have added an item to your shopping cart, the sku number is listed in the description to the right of the product's picture. these number can be useful when speaking to a customer service representative about your order, or when trying to find the same item on a new visit. price policy: our price guarantee we guarantee that if we place an item on sale less than 10 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. this offer only applies to purchases made within the last 10 days, and only if we have the same size and color of that item in stock at the time. this offer does not apply to special sales, use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase promotions. simply contact us within 10 days of your purchase by email at customerservice@altrec.com or by phone at 1-800-369-3949. contact us: how do i contact a specific representative or department? if you need to contact a specific department or customer service representative, please send a detailed email to customerservice@altrec.com and we will forward it to the appropriate person. login email address password forgotten your password? enter your email address above and click: help faq's track my order shipping free shipping shipping costs shipping methods how quickly orders ship multiple packages damaged shipments canadian shipping international shipping ordering payment options sales tax special orders out-of-stock items canceling an order returns our satisfaction guarantee make a return exchanges damaged shipments sizing charts guarantees our satisfaction guarantee price policy privacy credit card security call us: 800-369-3949 email us: customerservice@altrec.com we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat: 10am-6pm sun: noon-8pm pst my account help returns email offers my cart (0, 0.00) just added: sample name (#) color: size: qty: price: items: sub total: shipping: 0 $0.00 free shipping view my cart your cart is empty free shipping on $45 orders see our red hot deal of the day genders women's women's shop most popular departments jackets shirts pants shorts shoes, boots & sandals view all departments men's men's shop most popular departments jackets shirts pants shorts shoes, boots & sandals view all departments juniors' juniors' shop most popular departments jackets shirts pants shorts shoes, boots & sandals view all departments kids' kids' shop most popular departments jackets shirts shorts pants shoes, boots & sandals view all departments pets pet gear most popular departments dog lifejackets booties backpacks harnesses collars view all departments activities camp & hike camping shop most popular departments backpacks camping tents sleeping bags & pads water bottles camp cooking gear view all departments climb climbing shop most popular departments climbing gear climbing harnesses carabiners climbing footwear climbing packs view all departments cycle cycle shop most popular departments cycling jerseys cycling shorts cycling gloves cycling helmets bike racks and accessories view all departments paddle paddle shop most popular departments rafts, catarafts & kayaks paddlewear lifejackets/pfd's helmets paddles & oars view all departments running & fitness running & fitness shop most popular departments running shoes sunglasses performance shirts active shorts swimming view all departments surf & skate surf & skate shop most popular departments skate shoes sunglasses board shorts bikinis flip flops view all departments ski ski shop most popular departments ski jackets ski pants gloves & mitts skis ski boots view all departments snowboard snowboard shop most popular departments snowboard jackets snowboard pants goggles snowboards snowboard boots view all departments snowshoe snowshoe shop most popular departments snowshoes snow boots gloves & mittens gaiters poles view all departments travel travel shop most popular departments bags & luggage backpacks electronics hats travel accessories view all departments wakeboard wakeboard shop most popular departments wakeboards life jackets/pfd's neoprene swimsuits wake accessories view all departments yoga yoga shop most popular departments pants tank tops sports bras mats bags view all departments brands top brands our brands most popular brands the north face columbia keen patagonia merrell mountain hardwear arc'teryx nike outdoor research timberland view all brands gifts gift certificates gift ideas clothes -- belts dresses & skirts gloves & mittens hats infant apparel jackets long underwear neckwear pants rash guards shirts shorts socks sunglasses swimsuits towels underwear vests watches & clocks jackets -- active jackets cycling jackets down jackets fleece jackets insulated jackets lifestyle/ casual jackets rain jackets running jackets ski jackets snowboard jackets soft shell jackets track jackets wading workwear shoes -- boots casual shoes climbing footwear footwear accessories hiking boots & shoes running & trailrunning shoes sandals shoes snow boots gear -- backcountry gear backpacks bags & luggage bicycle accessories bindings binoculars blankets & pillows books boot & fabric care cameras camp cooking gear camping accessories camping chairs camping food camping tents car racks carabiners climbing gear climbing harnesses compasses cycling footwear dry bags dry boxes electronics energy foods first aid kits fishing accessories fly vests & packs gaiters gifts & games goggles headlamps & lights helmets kites knives & tools leg & arm warmers lifejackets/ pfds locks maps neoprene paddles & oars paddlewear paddling repair pet gear poles protection rafts catarafts and kayaks rescue gear ropes showers & toilets skateboards skates & scooters ski & board repair ski boots ski suits skis sleds and tubes sleeping bags & pads snowboard boots snowboards snowshoes special needs sprayskirts & cockpit covers stoves strollers swimming travel accessories videos waders wakeboarding accessories water bottles & bags water filters water toys brands -- all brands 2xu 686 acorn advanced elements advantage sports racks adventure medical aire alo alpineaire foods american park network analog anon by burton aquapac arc'teryx arnette asolo astral atwater carey avia backpacker's pantry bell helmets bern betty ride's big agnes billabong birkenstock black diamond equipment blackburn blundstone footwear bonfire bravo bridgedale socks brunton buck knives burton byer of maine calpak camelbak campsuds canine hardware carhartt carlisle carlson cascade creek company cataract caterpillar chooka cleanwaste clif bar cloudveil coal columbia columbia river converse work crazy creek crescent moon snowshoes cushe cw-x dakine dansko darn tough vermont dc design salt deuter dr. bronner's dr. martens dr. scholl's dragon dynafit eagle creek eagles nest outfitters ecco element emu eton eureka ex officio exped extrasport ezekiel fila filson finn comfort fishin' chix five.ten flojos foursquare fox racing garmin gps garmont shoes gerber giro sport design golite golite shoes gordini gramicci grand trunk granite gear grenade gsi gu hammock bliss harley davidson head trip headland heelys helly hansen hennessy hammock hestra hi-tec high sierra holden honey stinger hurley i/o bio merino ibex icebreaker innova isis jansport jetboil joby julbo kamik katadyn kavu kayland keen kelty kershaw klean kanteen kodiak kokatat komperdell la sportiva n.a. lawson hammock company leatherman leki level six life is good lole lonely planet lost lowa boots lucky bums lugz mammut marmot maui surf company merrell shoes metolius metro molehill moment skis montrail shoes motorola mountain boy sledworks mountain hardwear mountain house mountain khakis mountain safety research mountainsmith moving comfort neff nemo equipment neos overshoe nevados new balance nexus nike nike 6.0 nike acg nike swim nikita nikon nikwax nixon nobis nrs nuun active hydration oakley ocean minded omega o'neill orage oregon scientific osprey packs otb outdoor research pacsafe padz paha que wilderness patagonia patagonia footwear pearl izumi pelican petzl pistil platypus pow gloves prana clothing primus outdoor princeton tec prism design inc. pro-tec quiksilver ray ban red by burton revo rip curl rocket dog rockport works rossignol roxy royal robbins ruff wear ruffin it ryders ryka salomon salomon snowboards sanuk usa saucony sawyer sea to summit seal line seal skinz sebago seirus sessions sierra designs skechers skullcandy skwoosh smartwool smith sole soleus sorel boots spacecraft special blend sportrack spy optics spyder spyderco st. moritz stabilicers stanley steiner stm bags suncloud superfeet surefire suunto swiss military swix terra nova equipment teva the north face the probar thermarest timberland timberland pro timbuk 2 timex tommy bahama trager bags trak kayaks treksta tributary tula hats ugg under armour vans vargo titanium vas entertainment volcom vonzipper watershed wenger western chief wigwam socks wolverine woolrich xcel yakima zamberlan zeal optics zobha clothes belts dresses & skirts gloves & mittens hats infant apparel jackets long underwear neckwear pants rash guards shirts shorts socks sunglasses swimsuits towels underwear vests watches & clocks jackets active jackets cycling jackets down jackets fleece jackets insulated jackets lifestyle/ casual jackets rain jackets running jackets ski jackets snowboard jackets soft shell jackets track jackets wading workwear shoes boots casual shoes climbing footwear footwear accessories hiking boots & shoes running & trailrunning shoes sandals shoes snow boots gear backcountry gear backpacks bags & luggage bicycle accessories bindings binoculars blankets & pillows books boot & fabric care cameras camp cooking gear camping accessories camping chairs camping food camping tents car racks carabiners climbing gear climbing harnesses compasses cycling footwear dry bags dry boxes electronics energy foods first aid kits fishing accessories fly vests & packs gaiters gifts & games goggles headlamps & lights helmets kites knives & tools leg & arm warmers lifejackets/ pfds locks maps neoprene paddles & oars paddlewear paddling repair pet gear poles protection rafts catarafts and kayaks rescue gear ropes showers & toilets skateboards skates & scooters ski & board repair ski boots ski suits skis sleds and tubes sleeping bags & pads snowboard boots snowboards snowshoes special needs sprayskirts & cockpit covers stoves strollers swimming travel accessories videos waders wakeboarding accessories water bottles & bags water filters water toys brands all brands 2xu 686 acorn advanced elements advantage sports racks adventure medical aire alo alpineaire foods american park network analog anon by burton aquapac arc'teryx arnette asolo astral atwater carey avia backpacker's pantry bell helmets bern betty ride's big agnes billabong birkenstock black diamond equipment blackburn blundstone footwear bonfire bravo bridgedale socks brunton buck knives burton byer of maine calpak camelbak campsuds canine hardware carhartt carlisle carlson cascade creek company cataract caterpillar chooka cleanwaste clif bar cloudveil coal columbia columbia river converse work crazy creek crescent moon snowshoes cushe cw-x dakine dansko darn tough vermont dc design salt deuter dr. bronner's dr. martens dr. scholl's dragon dynafit eagle creek eagles nest outfitters ecco element emu eton eureka ex officio exped extrasport ezekiel fila filson finn comfort fishin' chix five.ten flojos foursquare fox racing garmin gps garmont shoes gerber giro sport design golite golite shoes gordini gramicci grand trunk granite gear grenade gsi gu hammock bliss harley davidson head trip headland heelys helly hansen hennessy hammock hestra hi-tec high sierra holden honey stinger hurley i/o bio merino ibex icebreaker innova isis jansport jetboil joby julbo kamik katadyn kavu kayland keen kelty kershaw klean kanteen kodiak kokatat komperdell la sportiva n.a. lawson hammock company leatherman leki level six life is good lole lonely planet lost lowa boots lucky bums lugz mammut marmot maui surf company merrell shoes metolius metro molehill moment skis montrail shoes motorola mountain boy sledworks mountain hardwear mountain house mountain khakis mountain safety research mountainsmith moving comfort neff nemo equipment neos overshoe nevados new balance nexus nike nike 6.0 nike acg nike swim nikita nikon nikwax nixon nobis nrs nuun active hydration oakley ocean minded omega o'neill orage oregon scientific osprey packs otb outdoor research pacsafe padz paha que wilderness patagonia patagonia footwear pearl izumi pelican petzl pistil platypus pow gloves prana clothing primus outdoor princeton tec prism design inc. pro-tec quiksilver ray ban red by burton revo rip curl rocket dog rockport works rossignol roxy royal robbins ruff wear ruffin it ryders ryka salomon salomon snowboards sanuk usa saucony sawyer sea to summit seal line seal skinz sebago seirus sessions sierra designs skechers skullcandy skwoosh smartwool smith sole soleus sorel boots spacecraft special blend sportrack spy optics spyder spyderco st. moritz stabilicers stanley steiner stm bags suncloud superfeet surefire suunto swiss military swix terra nova equipment teva the north face the probar thermarest timberland timberland pro timbuk 2 timex tommy bahama trager bags trak kayaks treksta tributary tula hats ugg under armour vans vargo titanium vas entertainment volcom vonzipper watershed wenger western chief wigwam socks wolverine woolrich xcel yakima zamberlan zeal optics zobha shop with confidence questions? free shipping on $45 orders easy returns our guarantee price policy privacy & security now accepting free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous united states call us: 800-369-3949 email us: customerservice@altrec.com altrec.com 725 sw umatilla ave redmond, or 97756 we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat: 10am-6pm sun: noon-8pm pst © 1998-2010 | about us | affiliates | jobs | sitemap | sales exclusions popular searches board shorts denali jacket hiking boots keen shoes new balance shoes nike shoes oakley sunglasses sandals popular searches board shorts denali jacket hiking boots keen shoes new balance nike shoes oakley sunglasses sandals our guarantee if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you can simply return an item within 60 days of purchase for a refund or exchange (less cost of shipping), no questions asked. details & restrictions... free shipping free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous u.s.. details... easy returns we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. details... secure and convenient payment shop with confidence knowing altrec.com is a verisign approved secure site. we accept all major credit cards, as well as paypal. details... our price policy if we place an item on sale less than 10 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. details... your privacy is important we will never sell, lease, rent or give your e-mail address or other personal information to anyone else without your permission. period. details... sales tax we only charge sales tax for those states that require it, currently new york and washington states. details... free shipping offer free shipping on $45 orders within the contiguous u.s.. to receive free shipping simply choose the free shipping option during checkout. exceptionally large/heavy items, such as a kayak or some special order items, may require an additional handling charge as noted on each product page. credit card security shopping at our site is safe, and we guarantee it. all orders on our site are processed on our secure server. all credit card information is encrypted and protected. to check that your transaction is secure, look for the unbroken key or closed padlock icon in the corner of your browser screen. if you would prefer not to place your order on-line, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. our price policy we guarantee that if we place an item on sale less than 10 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. this offer only applies to purchases made within the last 10 days, and only if we have the same size and color of that item in stock at the time. this offer does not apply to special sales, use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase promotions. simply contact us within 10 days of your purchase by email at customerservice@altrec.com or by phone at 1-800-369-3949. our satisfaction guarantee we are committed to providing the highest quality gear for your outdoor adventures. altrec provides world-class service, exceptionally fast delivery and a straightforward buying experience. if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you can simply return an item within 60 days of purchase for a refund or exchange (less cost of shipping), no questions asked. we just require items to be returned in their original packaging and in their original condition. we will happily provide store credit for an item returned after 60 days as long as it is in its original condition. we're sorry, but used items cannot be returned for refund or credit unless due to manufacturer defect. we will accept an item that is defective due to a manufacturer issue at any time. we will handle the return to the manufacturer for you and happily provide a replacement. the replacement could be the closest approximation if the original is no longer available or a store credit which will be determined at our discretion. any electronic or food products that have been opened and/or used cannot be returned unless the item was received defective. opened software, music, games, and movies may be exchanged for the same title only. due to health and safety regulations, all sales on the following types of product are final and cannot be returned except in the case of manufacturer defect: all climbing equipment, including but not limited to: carabineers, quick draws, cams, harnesses, stoppers, hexes, belay devices, slings, ropes, helmets, crampons, ice screws, ice axes, ice tools, pulleys, ascenders, rescue kits, nut tools and personal anchors. all helmets, including but not limited to snowboard helmets, skating helmets, climbing helmets. all undergarments, including but not limited to: underwear, swimming suits, shorts with built in liners, briefs. water bottles, other products with water bladders integrated and related accessories. shop using paypal shop with the convenience of a paypal account. it's a safe and secure method of payment that accepts a wide variety of major credit or bank cards. paypal - it's the safer, easier way to pay online. easy returns we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. 1. in your account, find your order, choose the items and print your packing list. 2. pack the list inside of your package with the item(s) to return. 3. send your return package insured with your choice of carrier. you may also contact our customer service department to arrange for returns and receive a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. please call 1-800-369-3949 with any questions, or use our live chat available during our hours - mon-fri: 6am-8pm, sat: 10am-6pm, sun: noon-8pm pst . your privacy is important to us we will never sell, lease, rent or give your e-mail address or other personal information to anyone else without your permission. period. since our distribution model requires some manufacturers to ship products to customers, it is necessary to provide shipping information for that purpose only. we are firmly commited to your privacy. email address call: 1-800-369-3949 email: customerservice@altrec.com click: live chat please note: your order cannot arrive by christmas: after december 23rd at 1pm pst, there is no longer time to ship our products to arrive overnight. we apologize for the inconvenience. have a happy holiday!