来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230134419/http://www.altrec.com/helpdesk/faqs/static.htm
================================================================================

helpdesk: faq's - altrec.com help: faq's these are the questions we hear most from other customers, so you may find what you're looking for here, or contact us for additional information. our 100% satisfaction guarantee is our commitment to stand behind our products and service. it starts with understanding your needs and answering your questions. we also have a 100% no-questions-asked lifetime satisfaction guarantee on everything we sell. this means that we accept returns for a refund of the full purchase price at any time. q: how much does it cost to ship my order?a: the ship-to address determines the shipping costs. once you enter the destination zip code, actual shipping options and cost will be available. what is your return policy?we have a 100% no-questions-asked lifetime satisfaction guarantee on everything we sell. this means that we accept returns for a refund of the full purchase price at any time. how to make a return... q: how do i contact customer service?a: our customer service staff is here to answer all your questions. anything you need to know from, "where's my order?" to, "what gear do i need to climb mt hood?" please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form. our hours - mon-fri: 6am-8pm, sat-sun: 10am-6pm pst . q: can i exchange my product if it doesn't fit?a: you may exchange an item by placing a new order and then returning, (creating an rma) your original order for a full refund. if you received the wrong item, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form. q: when will i receive my order?a: you can quickly and easily track the status of your order by logging in to your account. simply visit: track my order. q: do you pay for return shipping?a: we do not provide pre-paid shipping labels for general returns. if there is an issue with your order or the product, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form for further help. q: why is there a range of prices on the same item?a: our site lists the range of prices that are available for that item. our prices depend on the color, size and availability for any product we carry. to view the discounted items click on the green "view sale items only" button, located on the right margin of the page. you will now only view sizes and colors that are a discounted price. q: do you ship internationally?a: yes, we ship internationally to certain countries. see our list of countries. please keep in mind that certain manufacturers don't allow us to ship their products internationally see our list of vendors, so some product pages will include the bullet, "available within the u.s. only." q: why is my order late?a: we apologize for any inconvenience. on rare occasions orders may be delivered after the target delivery date. this may be based on weather delays or in the order fulfillment process. you can always click track my order for updates. q: how much will shipping to canada cost?a: shipping costs can be calculated in your shopping cart. add your items to the shopping cart and click on the link for "canada." your shipping cost will appear on the right. for u.s. shipping, enter in your zip code and then click on the "calculate" button. q: when does my credit card get charged?a: we charge your account at the time you place the order.credit cards q: why is my order being shipped in multiple packages?a: the items in your order are coming from different warehouses. each warehouse has different processing and shipping times, so your packages may arrive at different times. if you have any questions about when your products are scheduled to ship and expected delivery date, log-in to your account and click track my order. if you need help, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949.when you order multiple items some products may be backordered (what does backordered mean?). each package will have its own tracking number which will be sent to you in an email when the package is shipped. you will not be charged any additional shipping costs for multiple packages sent on one order. you will only be charged once, when your order is placed. q: how do i pay with a pre-paid gift card?a: pre-paid gift cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express or discover do not have billing addresses assigned to them so you will need to register the card with your home address before it can be used. information for registering the card is usually located on the back of the card or on the issuing bank's website.credit cards gifts delivered by christmas* these dates are general guidelines to our holiday shipping. to see specific eligibility for a product reaching your destination on-time, please choose the item and enter your zip code on the product page. 2011 holiday shipping deadlines for the 48 contiguous u.s.* standard ground expedited (2day) express (overnight) west order by: 1pm pst december 21st order by: 1pm pst december 21st order by: 1pm pst december 22nd east coast order by: 9pm pst december 18th order by: 1pm pst december 21st order by: 1pm pst december 22nd midwest order by: 9pm pst december 18th order by: 1pm pst december 21st order by: 1pm pst december 22nd please note: *on-time 'delivery by christmas' subject to our carrier's (fedex) list of exclusions including extreme weather conditions, etc. full details available at http://www.fedex.com/us/holiday/money-back-guarantee.html. the majority of our products are shipped from the west coast via fedex as our expedited carrier. *due to carrier restrictions, delivery by christmas does not include po boxes, alaska, hawaii, military, canadian and other international locations. some orders containing products from our partners' distribution centers may also require a longer processing time and may not be eligible for delivery by christmas. what are your deadlines for christmas delivery? what is your guarantee? how much does it cost to ship my order? what is your return policy? how do i contact customer service? can i exchange my product if it doesn't fit? when will i receive my order? do you pay for return shipping? why is there a range of prices on the same item? do you ship internationally? why is my order late? how much will shipping to canada cost? when does my credit card get charged? why is my order being shipped in multiple packages? how do i pay with a pre-paid gift card? product questions: how do i know what size to order? if you are concerned or confused about the sizing of the product, most of our products have sizing charts from the manufacturer to aid you in your selection. see how to find a sizing chart... why can't i order the color and size i want-when i click on one, the other disappears? the size/color combination you want is not currently in stock. if you want to be notified via e-mail when the size/color combination is available, click the gold button, "notify me" at the top of the page and enter your contact information. we'll contact you when the item is back in stock. order fulfillment: when will i receive my order? you can quickly and easily track the status of your order by logging in to your account. simply visit: track my order. why hasn't my order shipped yet? if you have not received an email notification stating that your order has shipped, there are a few easily explained reasons: one or more of the items you selected is a backordered item. usually these products are shipping directly from the manufacturer and take longer to ship. refer to the track my order. we need you to verify your billing and shipping information. if this is this case, we will contact you by email, or you may call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 to complete the order processing. an item is out-of-stock on your order. we don't like this any more than you do but on rare occasions we may be out of stock on a particular item. one of our customer service representatives will notify you by phone or e-mail as quickly as possible. the order did go through. in some cases, we only receive partial information regarding your order. if this is the case, the order will not be processed and you will not be charged. however, the items will remain in your cart unless another order is placed for the same items. please call customer service toll-free 1-800-369-3949 anytime-we are happy to help! what does backordered mean? items labeled as "backordered" take longer to process than our regular inventory, so they may not ship for 4 to 15 business days after purchase. processing times vary depending on the item and some of these items ship directly from the manufacturer. any backordered item is noted throughout the ordering process by a gold button; on the product page, in your shopping cart, during checkout, and on your invoice receipt. all altrec orders list the scheduled delivery date when you enter the destination zip code. ordering: why did i receive an email or a voicemail asking to verify my billing and shipping address? each transaction is sent through a bank verification process. when a transaction is sent back to us it is due to billing information that doesn't match the credit card being entered in the order process. we work hard to protect you from potential fraud by investigating these cases thoroughly. if it is necessary, we will contact you to verify the information matching the card. if there is no response within 72 hours, the order is automatically canceled. can i add an item even though i have already placed the order? we process orders quickly. there is only a small window where an item can be added to an existing order. if we cannot add an extra item, we would be happy to place a new order. please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or use our email form. can i cancel an order after it has already gone through? it is possible to cancel and order before it has shipped, but time is of the essence. either login to your account and click on "cancel this order" in the "order" screen or contact customer service as quickly as possible, toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, or chat now . if your order has already processed, you will need to return the order following the returns process. once we receive the package we will credit your account and you will receive a refund to the same payment method used to make the purchase. why is there a range of prices on the same item? our site lists the range of prices that are available for that item. our prices depend on the color, size and availability for any product we carry. to view the discounted items click on the green "view sale items only" button, located on the right margin of the page. you will now only view sizes and colors that are a discounted price. when does my credit card get charged? we charge your account at the time you place the order. credit cards how do i pay with a pre-paid gift card? pre-paid gift cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express or discover do not have billing addresses assigned to them so you will need to register the card with your home address before it can be used. information for registering the card is usually located on the back of the card or on the issuing bank's website. how do i use my gear review discount? when writing a gear review, make sure you use the same email address you use to login to your account. please follow the review guidelines so your review will be approved. once your review is approved we will notify you via email that your review is available, login to your account to view the exclusions and the directions. please keep in mind that the review coupon is not valid on sale items or on the north face products. the coupon will expire 30 days from the date your review is approved and may not be combined with any other offer or coupon. how soon will my gear review be approved? it takes up to 72 hours for reviews to be approved. our goal is to provide the highest quality review to help our customers make the best buying decision possible. if your review is not approved you will receive an e-mail notifying you that it will need to be rewritten. to help you avoid delays, check the "tips for writing a great review" with bullet point guidelines. shipping: how much does it cost to ship my order? the ship-to address determines the shipping costs. once you enter the destination zip code, actual shipping options and cost will be available. how much will shipping to canada cost? shipping costs can be calculated in your shopping cart. add your items to the shopping cart and click on the link for "canada." your shipping cost will appear on the right. for u.s. shipping, enter in your zip code and then click on the "calculate" button. do you ship internationally? yes, we ship internationally to certain countries. see our list of countries. please keep in mind that certain manufacturers don't allow us to ship their products internationally see our list of vendors, so some product pages will include the bullet, "available within the u.s. only." do you want signature required service? check the box located below the shipping options to select fedex signature required service. we recommend this if you don't want deliveries left unattended at your address. how will my order be shipped? we use either u.s. postal service or fedex for all of our shipments. expedited shipments (2nd day, next day) are sent fedex. standard ground shipments are sent via usps or fedex depending on the product. we are able to send to all post office boxes and apo addresses. fedex uses an updated tracking system to monitor your order, usps does not. if you receive an error message when entering a post office box address, we can still put the order through if you call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 or chat now . why is my order late? we apologize for any inconvenience. on rare occasions orders may be delivered after the target delivery date. this may be based on weather delays or in the order fulfillment process. you can always click track my order for updates. where can i find an item's product number or sku number? when looking at a product page, you can find the product number in parenthesis on the right side of the page just below the brand logo. for example, for the "men's denali jacket," the product number is "11855". additionally, after you have added an item to your shopping cart, the sku number is listed in the description to the right of the product's picture. the pid number can be useful when speaking to a customer service representative about your order, or when trying to find the same item on a new visit. why is my order being shipped in multiple packages? the items in your order are coming from different warehouses. each warehouse has different processing and shipping times, so your packages may arrive at different times. if you have any questions about when your products are scheduled to ship and expected delivery date, log-in to your account and click track my order. if you need help, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949. when you order multiple items some products may be backordered (what does backordered mean?). each package will have its own tracking number which will be sent to you in an email when the package is shipped. you will not be charged any additional shipping costs for multiple packages sent on one order. you will only be charged once, when your order is placed. price policy: our price guarantee: we guarantee that if we place an item on sale less than 10 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or use our email form, let us know what you bought and we will happily refund you the difference. this offer only applies to purchases made within the last 10 days, and only if we have the same size and color of that item in stock at the time. this offer does not apply to special sales, use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase promotions. again, simply contact us within 10 days of your purchase with our email form, chat now or by calling customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949. returns: what is your return policy? we have a 100% no-questions-asked lifetime satisfaction guarantee on everything we sell. this means that we accept returns for a refund of the full purchase price at any time. how to make a return... can i exchange my product if it doesn't fit? you may exchange an item by placing a new order and then returning, (creating an rma) your original order for a full refund. if you received the wrong item, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form. how do i make a return? we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. please follow the instructions on our returns page. do you pay for my return shipping? we do not provide pre-paid shipping labels for general returns. if there is an issue with your order or the product, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form for further help. i just sent back my return, why hasn't it been credited to my account yet? it generally takes 7 to 10 business days from the time we receive your return to when it is processed by our returns dept. (additional time may be needed after holidays or for u.s. territory and apo returns). once your item has been processed, we will notify you by e-mail. please allow approximately 2 to 10 business days for your bank to credit your account. what if i receive the wrong item or the picture does not match what i received? if we sent you a different item than what you ordered, please contact us immediately toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form and we will send you the correct item with no additional charge to you. additionally, we will send you a pre-paid shipping label so that you can send the incorrect item back to us free-of-charge. easy returns: we want you to be 100% satisfied with your altrec.com purchase. if something isn't right, we guarantee total satisfaction by offering a 100% no-questions-asked lifetime satisfaction guarantee on everything we sell. our unlimited returns policy means we will refund your purchase in full at any time. we want to make sure you have the right gear for your next outdoor adventure. we've done our best to make returns easy for you to send back to us. 1. login to your account with the box on the right of this page. 2. find your order, choose the items, print your packing list. 3. pack the list inside of your package with the item(s) to return. 4. send the package insured with your choice of carrier to this address: altrec.com returns 725 sw umatilla ave. redmond, or 97756 when returning items that were backordered or shipped directly from the manufacturer, please be sure to send them back to us using the address above and not the manufacturer that may have sent the items to you. if items are not sent to the altrec.com returns address above, it can cause extended delays in your refund. you may also contact our customer service department to arrange for returns and receive a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 with any questions, chat now or with our email form. our hours - mon-fri: 6am-8pm, sat-sun: 10am-6pm pst . it generally takes 7 to 10 business days from the time we receive your return to when it is processed by our returns dept. (additional time may be needed after holidays or for u.s. territory and apo returns). once your item has been processed, we will notify you by e-mail. please allow approximately 2 to 10 business days for your bank to credit your account. if we send you a different item than what you were expecting, we will most certainly provide a pre-paid shipping label. please contact customer service immediately at 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form to help you get the correct item. we do not provide pre-paid shipping labels for general returns. login email address password forgotten your password? enter your email address above and click: faq's track my order free shipping returns & exchanges our lifetime guarantee privacy shipping methods shipping costs damaged shipments credit card security price policy how quickly orders ship sales tax sizing charts gift certificates contact us canadian & international orders canceling an order payment options multiple packages backordered out-of-stock items damaged/missing items live chat call us: 800-369-3949 email: online form we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat-sun: 10am-6pm clothes -- jackets shirts pants hats gloves & mittens swimsuits sunglasses shorts long underwear sweatshirts socks dresses & skirts vests sweaters watches & clocks underwear neckwear rash guards compression bike shorts bike jerseys belts infant apparel running accessories towels shoes -- shoes boots sandals climbing footwear footwear accessories gear -- backpacks climbing gear bags & luggage books tents sleeping bags & pads camping accessories books: trail guides rafts catarafts and kayaks knives & tools helmets electronics water bottles & bags snowboards neoprene camp cooking gear goggles travel accessories camping food videos car racks bindings dry bags dry boxes poles backcountry gear snowshoes pet gear skis paddlewear paddles & oars first aid kits headlamps & lights camping chairs boot & fabric care snowboard boots stoves energy foods bike shoes water filters lifejackets/ pfds cameras toys & games bicycle accessories ski boots rescue gear compasses sleds and tubes swimming gaiters protection cycling repair ski & board repair sprayskirts & cockpit covers maps leg & arm warmers ski suits strollers skateboards ski accessories waders paddling repair water toys fishing accessories wakeboarding accessories yoga accessories bicycle tires surf gear locks skates & scooters ropes special needs survival gear brands -- all brands arc'teryx billabong black diamond equipment burton cat footwear carhartt columbia dakine eagle creek ecco edelweiss fox racing all brands golite grivel helly hansen high sierra ibex icebreaker keen kelty lowa boots liberty mountain life is good mammut all brands merrell shoes mountain hardwear mountain safety research nrs new balance nike nike swim o'neill oakley outdoor research patagonia prana clothing all brands royal robbins rusty sierra designs smartwool sorel boots spyder the mountaineers books the north face timberland timberland pro volcom zobha clothes jackets shirts pants hats gloves & mittens swimsuits sunglasses shorts long underwear sweatshirts socks dresses & skirts vests sweaters watches & clocks underwear neckwear rash guards compression bike shorts bike jerseys belts infant apparel running accessories towels shoes shoes boots sandals climbing footwear footwear accessories gear backpacks climbing gear bags & luggage books tents sleeping bags & pads camping accessories books: trail guides rafts catarafts and kayaks knives & tools helmets electronics water bottles & bags snowboards neoprene camp cooking gear goggles travel accessories camping food videos car racks bindings dry bags dry boxes poles backcountry gear snowshoes pet gear skis paddlewear paddles & oars first aid kits headlamps & lights camping chairs boot & fabric care snowboard boots stoves energy foods bike shoes water filters lifejackets/ pfds cameras toys & games bicycle accessories ski boots rescue gear compasses sleds and tubes swimming gaiters protection cycling repair ski & board repair sprayskirts & cockpit covers maps leg & arm warmers ski suits strollers skateboards ski accessories waders paddling repair water toys fishing accessories wakeboarding accessories yoga accessories bicycle tires surf gear locks skates & scooters ropes special needs survival gear brands alo arc'teryx billabong black diamond equipment burton cat footwear carhartt columbia dakine eagle creek ecco edelweiss fox racing globe pequot press golite grivel helly hansen high sierra ibex icebreaker keen kelty lowa boots liberty mountain life is good mammut marmot merrell shoes mountain hardwear mountain safety research nrs new balance nike nike swim o'neill oakley outdoor research patagonia prana clothing roxy royal robbins rusty sierra designs smartwool sorel boots spyder the mountaineers books the north face timberland timberland pro volcom zobha all orders to ship free 100% guarantee lifetime returns credit card security price policy privacy - updated now accepting paypal altrec on facebook altrec on linkedin altrec on twitter altrec on youtube call us:800-369-3949 email:online form altrec.com725 sw umatilla averedmond, or 97756 live chat we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat-sun: 10am-6pm © 1998-2011 about us affiliates we're hiring sales exclusions sitemap popular searches board shorts denali jacket hiking boots keen shoes new balance shoes nike shoes oakley sunglasses sandals popular searches board shorts denali jacket hiking boots keen shoes new balance nike shoes oakley sunglasses sandals shipping location enter your zip for more accurate arrival: getting results... close our sites: altrec.com gear outlet deals great outdoors it's red hot: today's deal my cart 0, 0.00 all orders to ship free help order status my account returns email offers search 800-369-3949 live chat just added: sample name (#) color: size: qty: price: items: sub total: 0 $0.00 view my cart checkout now your cart is empty free shipping on qualified orders free shippingguaranteesecurity all departments gifts gift ideas gift certificates person women's women's shop most popular departments fleece jackets down jackets snow boots socks rain boots view all departments men's men's shop most popular departments fleece jackets down jackets boots socks sweatshirts view all departments juniors' juniors' shop most popular departments jackets shirts pants shorts shoes view all departments kids' kids' shop most popular departments jackets boots gloves & mittens hats pants shirts view all departments pets pet gear most popular departments dog lifejackets booties backpacks harnesses collars view all departments activity ski ski shop most popular departments ski jackets ski pants gloves & mitts skis ski boots view all departments snowboard snowboard shop most popular departments snowboard jackets snowboard pants goggles snowboards snowboard boots view all departments camp & hike camping shop most popular departments backpacks camping tents sleeping bags & pads water bottles camp cooking gear view all departments running & fitness running & fitness shop most popular departments running shoes sunglasses performance shirts active shorts swimsuits view all departments travel travel shop most popular departments bags & luggage backpacks electronics hats travel accessories view all departments cycle cycle shop most popular departments cycling jerseys cycling shorts cycling gloves cycling helmets hydration packs view all departments snowshoe snowshoe shop most popular departments snowshoes snow boots gloves & mittens gaiters poles view all departments climb climbing shop most popular departments climbing gear climbing harnesses carabiners climbing footwear climbing packs view all departments paddle paddle shop most popular departments rafts, catarafts & kayaks paddlewear lifejackets/pfd's helmets paddles & oars view all departments yoga yoga shop most popular departments pants tank tops sports bras mats bags view all departments surf & skate surf & skate shop most popular departments skate shoes sunglasses board shorts bikinis flip flops view all departments brand top brands our brands most popular brands the north face columbia keen patagonia merrell mountain hardwear arc'teryx nike outdoor research timberland view all brands close email address call: 1-800-369-3949 email: online form online: chat now