来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121230114447/http://www.altrec.com/helpdesk/faqs/static.htm
================================================================================

faq's - altrec.com faq's these are the questions we hear most from other customers, so you may find what you're looking for here, or contact us for additional information. our 100% satisfaction guarantee is our commitment to stand behind our products and service. it starts with understanding your needs and answering your questions. this also means that we will accept your return at any time for a full refund as long as the product is unused and in original condition. see the details... q: how much does it cost to ship my order?a: the shipping address determines the shipping costs. once you enter the shipping destination zip code, actual shipping options and cost will be available on the shopping cart and address pages at checkout. most orders within the lower 48 states ship free with minimum purchase. q: what is your return policy?a: we have a 100% satisfaction guarantee on everything we sell. this means we accept returns for a full refund at any time as long as the product is unused, in original condition and includes the original packaging and tags. limited exclusions apply for climbing hardware and other items: see the details... q: are any items excluded from your return policy?a: yes. in addition to not accepting used returns and returns without original packaging and tags, the following important exclusions apply to our returns policy: • due to health and safety regulations, all sales on the following types of product are final and cannot be returned: all load bearing climbing equipment and related hardware accessories. examples include: carabiners, quickdraws, active and passive camming devices of any kind, webbing, slings, crampons, ice screws, ice axes, ice tools, pulleys, ascenders, rescue equipment, nut tools. this is not an exhaustive list. • helmets that show any kind of use and are not in their original packaging. types of helmets include but are not limited to snowboard/skiing helmets, skateboard helmets, paddling helmets, cycling helmets and climbing helmets. q: how do i contact customer service?a: our customer service staff is here to answer all your questions. anything you need to know from, "where's my order?" to, "what gear do i need to climb mt hood?" please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form. mon-fri: 6am-8pm, sat-sun: 10am-6pm pst . q: can i exchange my product if it doesn't fit?a: you may exchange an item by placing a new order and then returning, (creating an rma) your original order for a full refund. if you received the wrong item, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form. how to make a return... q: when will i receive my order?a: you can quickly and easily track the status of your order by logging in to your account. simply visit: order status. q: do you pay for return shipping?a: we do not provide pre-paid shipping labels for returns. if we have sent you a wrong item or a defective item, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form for further help. q: why is there a range of prices on the same item?a: our site lists the range of prices that are available for that item. our prices depend on the color, size and availability for any product we carry. q: do you ship outside the u.s.? a: yes, we ship internationally to certain countries. see: list of countries. please keep in mind that certain manufacturers don't allow us to ship their products internationally. see: list of vendors, so some product pages will include the bullet, "available within the u.s. only." q: why is my order late?a: we apologize for any inconvenience. on rare occasions orders may be delivered after the target delivery date. this may be based on weather delays or in the order fulfillment process. you can always check your order with order status. q: how much will shipping to canada cost?a: shipping costs can be calculated in your shopping cart. add your items to the shopping cart and click on the link for "canada." your shipping cost will appear on the right. for u.s. shipping, enter in your zip code and then click on the "calculate" button. see also, our international shipping. q: when does my credit card get charged?a: we charge your account at the time you place the order. however, because of extended processing times, there are some special order items that we hold off on charging until closer to their ship dates. we support these payment methods:credit cards q: why is my order being shipped in multiple packages?a: the items in your order are coming from different warehouses. each warehouse has different processing and shipping times, so your packages may arrive at different times. if you have any questions about when your products are scheduled to ship and expected delivery date, log-in to your account and click order status. if you need help, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949.when you order multiple items some products may be special order (what does special order mean?). each package will have its own tracking number which will be sent to you in an email when the package is shipped. you will not be charged any additional shipping costs for multiple packages sent on one order. you will only be charged once, when your order is placed. q: how do i pay with a pre-paid gift card?a: pre-paid gift cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express or discover do not have billing addresses assigned to them so you will need to register the card with your home address before it can be used. information for registering the card is usually located on the back of the card or on the issuing bank's website.credit cards what is your guarantee? how much does it cost to ship my order? what is your return policy? are any items excluded from your return policy? how do i contact customer service? can i exchange my product if it doesn't fit? when will i receive my order? do you pay for return shipping? why is there a range of prices on the same item? do you ship outside the u.s.? why is my order late? how much will shipping to canada cost? when does my credit card get charged? why is my order being shipped in multiple packages? how do i pay with a pre-paid gift card? more help product questions: live chat call us: 800-369-3949 email: online form we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat-sun: 10am-6pm pst how do i know what size to order? example: sizing chart link if you are concerned or confused about the sizing of the product, most of our products have sizing charts from the manufacturer to aid you in your selection. see how to find a sizing chart... why can't i order the color and size i want? when i click on one, the other disappears. the size/color combination you want is not currently in stock. if you want to be notified via e-mail when the size/color combination is available, click the gold button, "notify me" at the top of the page and enter your contact information. we'll contact you when the item is back in stock. why is there a range of prices on the same item? our site lists the range of prices that are available for that item. our prices depend on the color, size and availability for any product we carry. to view the discounted items click on the green "view sale items only" button, located on the right side of the product page. you will now only view sizes and colors that are a discounted price. where can i find an item's product number or sku number? example: product number when looking at a product page, you can find the product number in parenthesis on the right side of the page just below the brand logo. for example, for the "men's denali jacket," the product number is "86593". additionally, after you have added an item to your shopping cart, the sku number is listed in the description to the right of the product's picture. the pid number can be useful when speaking to a customer service representative about your order, or when trying to find the same item on a new visit. ordering: see also: order status when will i receive my order? you can quickly and easily track the status of your order by logging in to your account. simply visit: order status. why did i receive an email or a voicemail asking to verify my billing and shipping address? each transaction is sent through a bank verification process. when a transaction is sent back to us it is due to billing information that doesn't match the credit card being entered in the order process. we work hard to protect you from potential fraud by investigating these cases thoroughly. if it is necessary, we will contact you to verify the information matching the card. if there is no response within 72 hours, the order is automatically canceled. can i add an item even though i have already placed the order? we process orders quickly. there is only a small window where an item can be added to an existing order. if we cannot add an extra item, we would be happy to place a new order. please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or use our email form. can i cancel an order after it has already gone through? it is possible to cancel and order before it has shipped, but time is of the essence. either login to your account and click on "cancel this order" in the "order" screen or contact customer service as quickly as possible, toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, or chat now . if your order has already processed, you will need to return the order following the returns process. once we receive the package we will credit your account and you will receive a refund to the same payment method used to make the purchase. when does my credit card get charged? we charge your account at the time you place the order. however, because of extended processing times, there are some special order items that we hold off on charging until closer to their ship dates. we support these payment methods: credit cards how do i pay with a pre-paid gift card? pre-paid gift cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express or discover do not have billing addresses assigned to them so you will need to register the card with your home address before it can be used. information for registering the card is usually located on the back of the card or on the issuing bank's website. how do i use my gear review discount? when writing a gear review, make sure you use the same email address you use to login to your account. please follow the review guidelines so your review will be approved. once your review is approved we will notify you via email that your review is available, login to your account to view the exclusions and the directions. please keep in mind that the review coupon is not valid on sale items or on the north face products. the coupon will expire 30 days from the date your review is approved and may not be combined with any other offer or coupon. it takes up to 72 hours for reviews to be approved. our goal is to provide the highest quality review to help our customers make the best buying decision possible. if your review is not approved you will receive an e-mail notifying you that it will need to be rewritten. to help you avoid delays, check the "tips for writing a great review" with bullet point guidelines. shipping: how do i calculate shipping costs? to calculate u.s. shipping costs: add items to your shopping cart enter your zip code or other shipping destination click 'calculate' note the shipping prices and options if one or more of your items cannot ship internationally, you will see a message stating that, "some of your items cannot ship internationally." how much will shipping to canada cost? shipping costs can be calculated in your shopping cart. add your items to the shopping cart and click on the link for "canada." your shipping cost will appear on the right. for u.s. shipping, enter in your zip code and then click on the "calculate" button. when will my order ship? most orders are processed between 8am and 5pm pacific time, monday - friday. you can find the estimated arrival date on both the product page and within your shopping cart, after you enter your destination. as product can ship from multiple warehouses, you may see arrival dates for different products. most shipments are only delivered on business days. how will my order ship? we have 4 shipping methods available, depending on where the package is going and how fast you want it to arrive after processing. some items are restricted from being delivered to po boxes, military addresses or outside of the 48 contiguous united states. if you receive an error message when entering a post office box or other address, we may still be able to put the order through if you call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 or chat now . standard shipping: free on qualified orders in the contiguous u.s.. standard packages ship via ground or usps. exceptionally large/heavy items may require an additional handling charge as noted on each product page. available for: contiguous u.s. (3-5 days*), alaska & hawaii (3-5 days*), canada (7-30 days*) 3 day shipping, in the contiguous u.s., arrive on the 3rd business day after processing*. available for: contiguous u.s. 2 day shipping, in the contiguous u.s., arrive on the 2nd business day after processing*. available for: contiguous u.s. overnight shipping, in the contiguous u.s., arrive on the next business day after processing*. available for: contiguous u.s. usps priority mail: priority shipping is available for international orders. shipping to u.s. protectorates is considered the same as international shipping. the estimated time of delivery for international orders is 7-30 days after processing*. po boxes: orders to po boxes and fpo/apo addresses ship via usps priority mail only *all shipping times are after processing. why hasn't my order shipped yet? see also: order status we apologize for any inconvenience. on rare occasions orders may be delivered after the target delivery date. this may be based on weather delays or in the order fulfillment process. you can always click order status for updates. if you have not received an email notification stating that your order has shipped, there are a few easily explained reasons: one or more of the items you selected is a special order item. usually these products are shipping directly from the manufacturer and take longer to ship. refer to the order status. we need you to verify your billing and shipping information. if this is this case, we will contact you by email, or you may call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 to complete the order processing. an item is out-of-stock on your order. we don't like this any more than you do but on rare occasions we may be out of stock on a particular item. one of our customer service representatives will notify you by phone or e-mail as quickly as possible. the order did go through. in some cases, we only receive partial information regarding your order. if this is the case, the order will not be processed and you will not be charged. however, the items will remain in your cart unless another order is placed for the same items. please call customer service toll-free 1-800-369-3949 anytime-we are happy to help! what does special order mean? items labeled as "special order" take longer to process than our regular inventory, so they may not ship for 4 to 15 business days after purchase. processing times vary depending on the item and some of these items ship directly from the manufacturer. any special order item is noted throughout the ordering process by a gold button; on the product page, in your shopping cart, during checkout, and on your invoice receipt. all altrec orders list the scheduled delivery date when you enter the destination zip code. do you ship outside of the united states? see also: international shipping yes, we ship internationally to certain countries. see: list of countries. please keep in mind that certain manufacturers don't allow us to ship their products internationally see our list of vendors, so some product pages will include the bullet, "available within the u.s. only." why is my order being shipped in multiple packages? the items in your order are coming from different warehouses. each warehouse has different processing and shipping times, so your packages may arrive at different times. if you have any questions about when your products are scheduled to ship and expected delivery date, visit order status. if you need help, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949. see also: special order when you order multiple items some products may be special order (what does special order mean?). each package will have its own tracking number which will be sent to you in an email when the package is shipped. you will not be charged any additional shipping costs for multiple packages sent on one order. you will only be charged once, when your order is placed. my package is damaged/missing what do i do? if you receive a product that was damaged in shipping, please contact us as soon as possible. have ready your invoice number (found on packing slip) and the name of the carrier that delivered the package. if we have the same product in stock, we can send you a replacement product, and provide you with a pre-paid shipping label for the return. please contact us by phone 1-800-369-3949 or use our email form for further help. returns & exchanges: what is your return policy? see also: returns page we have a 100% satisfaction guarantee on everything we sell. this means we accept returns for a full refund at any time as long as the product is unused, in original condition and includes the original packaging and tags. limited exclusions apply for climbing hardware and other items: see the details... we want to make returns easy for you to send back to us. please follow the instructions on our returns page: 1. login to my account or find your order on the returns page. 2. find your order, choose the items, print your packing list. 3. pack the list inside your package with the item(s) to return. 4. send the package insured with your choice of carrier. are any items excluded from your returns policy? yes. in addition to not accepting used returns and returns without original packaging and tags, the following important exclusions apply to our returns policy: due to health and safety regulations, all sales on the following types of product are final and cannot be returned: all load bearing climbing equipment and related hardware accessories. examples include: carabiners, quickdraws, active and passive camming devices of any kind, webbing, slings, crampons, ice screws, ice axes, ice tools, pulleys, ascenders, rescue equipment, nut tools. this is not an exhaustive list. helmets that show any kind of use and are not in their original packaging. types of helmets include but are not limited to snowboard/skiing helmets, skateboard helmets, paddling helmets, cycling helmets and climbing helmets. when will i be notified that my return has been credited? if your return meets our returns policy criteria, we will send you an email that your return has been processed. please allow 2-10 business days for your bank to credit your account. we will notify you via email if your return does not meet our criteria. can i exchange my product if it doesn't fit? you may exchange an item by placing a new order and then returning, (creating an rma) your original order for a full refund. if you received the wrong item, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form. do you pay for my return shipping? we do not provide pre-paid shipping labels for returns. if we have sent you a wrong item or a defective item, please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or with our email form for further help. what if i receive the wrong item, a defective item or the picture does not match what i received? if this applies to you, please contact us immediately toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 or with our email form and we will send you the correct item with no additional charge to you. additionally, we will send you a pre-paid shipping label so that you can send the incorrect item back to us free-of-charge. our policies privacy policy see also: full privacy policy at altrec.com we recognize that you value the privacy of your personal information and how it is used. our privacy policy outlines the information we gather, how it is used, and how we will protect it. see: full privacy policy... payment options we accept the following: visa, mastercard, american express and novus/discover. we do not accept checks, money orders or c.o.d.. all prices and transactions are in u.s. dollars. you may also shop with the convenience of a paypal account. it's a safe and secure method of payment that accepts a wide variety of major credit or bank cards. credit cards in order to use a pre-paid gift cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express or discover, you will need to register the card with your home address before it can be used. information for registering the card is usually located on the back of the card or on the issuing bank's website. price guarantee we guarantee that if we place an item on sale, on this site, less than 7 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949, chat now or use our email form, let us know what you bought and we will happily refund you the difference. only on purchases made within the last 7 days only on purchases made on the altrec.com site only on the same size and color that is in stock does not apply to special sales does not apply to use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase again, simply contact us within 7 days of your purchase with our email form, chat now or by calling customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949. credit card security: shopping at our site is safe, and we guarantee it. all orders on our site are processed on our secure server. all credit card information is encrypted and protected. to check that your transaction is secure, look for the unbroken key or closed padlock icon in the corner of your browser screen. if you would prefer not to place your order on-line, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. your credit card security is a priority at altrec.com. we guarantee the safety and confidentiality of every transaction we process. if an unauthorized charge ever appears on your credit card statement as a result of shopping at altrec.com, you pay nothing. details: under the terms of the united states fair credit billing act, your credit card provider cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. if your credit card provider does hold you liable for any of this $50, altrec.com will cover this entire liability for you, up to the full $50. altrec.com can only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own, from purchases made at altrec.com, while using our secure server. unless otherwise expressly provided in a legal notice, the aggregate liability for the company to you for all claims arising from the use of the web site is limited to $50. in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. contacting us: if you have any questions about this security statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you may use our email form or write us: altrec.com attn: customer service - credit card security 725 sw umatilla ave. redmond, or 97756 sales tax: washington state sales tax - sales tax is added to orders delivered within washington state. the state of washington requires that we charge state and local sales tax on the full amount of the order, including any shipping charges. sales tax is calculated using the base state tax rate of 6.5% plus the local tax rate associated with the shipping address in your order. this combined sales tax total will be displayed during checkout along with other pricing information that pertains to your order. new york state sales tax - sales tax is added to orders delivered within new york state. the state of new york requires that we charge state and local sales tax on the full amount of the order, including any shipping charges. sales tax is calculated using a combined state and local sales tax rate based on the shipping address in your order. there may be exemptions for certain clothing and footwear based on new york state sales and use tax regulations. this calculated sales tax total will be displayed during checkout along with other pricing information that pertains to your order. productquestions item sizing charts item out of stock price ranges product id number ordering order status verify an address adding to an order cancel an order order charges gear review discount gift certificates shipping shipping costs shipping time shipping methods international shipping shipping late multiple packages damaged package returns & exchanges return policy excluded items return credit product exchange return shipping wrong item our policies privacy payment methods price guarantee credit card security sales tax free shipping on orders over $48 free shipping 100% guarantee easy returns credit card security price policy privacy - updated now accepting paypal altrec on facebook altrec on linkedin altrec on twitter altrec on youtube call us:800-369-3949 email:online form altrec.com725 sw umatilla averedmond, or 97756 live chat we're available: mon-fri: 6am-8pm sat-sun: 10am-6pm pst © 1998-2012 about us affiliates we're hiring sales exclusions altrec coupons sitemap popular searches board shorts denali jacket canada goose burton snowboards north face jackets skis hiking boots keen shoes new balance shoes nike shoes oakley sunglasses sandals popular searches board shorts denali jacket burton snowboards north face jackets skis canada goose hiking boots keen shoes new balance nike shoes oakley sunglasses sandals shipping location enter your zip for more accurate arrival: calculate getting results... close hd:m7 enter a search word: top brands: clothes: women's shop jackets shirts pants swimsuits dresses & skirts hats shorts gloves & mittens long underwear sweaters underwear socks sweatshirts vests sunglasses neckwear compression bike jerseys bike shorts rash guards belts watches & clocks men's shop shirts jackets pants shorts swimsuits sunglasses sweatshirts gloves & mittens hats long underwear vests socks sweaters watches & clocks underwear rash guards bike shorts bike jerseys compression belts neckwear towels running accessories kids' shop jackets shirts hats pants gloves & mittens swimsuits long underwear shorts infant apparel sweatshirts sunglasses dresses & skirts socks vests rash guards neckwear sweaters close altrec.com help order status my account returns 800-369-3949 altrec outlet deal greatoutdoors my cart 0, 0.00 sample name (#) color: size: qty: price: items: sub total: 0 $0.00 view my cart checkout your cart is empty free standard shipping available on most orders shipped within the contiguous u.s. close free shipping on orders over $48! ski & snowboard close all skis all mountain skis carving skis park/twintip skis powder skis touring skis ski gear goggles helmets ski bindings ski boots ski wear women's jackets women's pants men's jackets men's pants ski gloves top ski brands all boards all mountain freestyle freeride split boards snowboard gear snowboard boots snowboard bindings helmets goggles snowboard wear women's pants women's jackets men's pants men's jackets gloves & mittens top board brands women's all women's close women's jackets down jackets rain jackets fleece jackets casual jackets soft shell jackets ski jackets snowboard jackets all women's jackets women's clothing all women's shirts casual shirts fleece shirts performance shirts all women's pants travel pants ski pants snowboard pants dresses shorts sweaters sweatshirts vests long underwear underwear all women's clothing women's shoes all women's boots snow boots rain boots casual boots all women's shoes running shoes casual shoes sandals accessories slippers sunglasses gloves hats swimsuits watches men's all men's close men's jackets down jackets rain jackets fleece jackets casual jackets soft shell jackets ski jackets snowboard jackets all men's jackets men's clothing all men's shirts casual shirts fleece shirts performance shirts all men's pants travel pants ski pants snowboard pants long underwear underwear sweaters sweatshirts vests boardshorts socks all men's clothing men's shoes all men's boots snow boots work boots hiking boots all men's shoes hiking shoes running shoes sandals accessories slippers sunglasses gloves hats watches shoes close women's shoes all women's boots snow boots rain boots casual boots hiking boots women's socks all women's shoes casual shoes mary janes running shoes slippers all women's sandals men's shoes men's boots snow boots work boots hiking boots casual boots men's socks all men's shoes hiking shoes running shoes casual shoes slippers all men's sandals kids' shoes all kids' boots snow boots rain boots hiking boots all kids' shoes active shoes bike shoes climbing shoes ski boots snowboard boots snowshoes kids' all kids' close kids' jackets down jackets rain jackets fleece jackets insulated jackets ski jackets snowboard jackets kids' clothing shirts long underwear shorts pants ski pants snowboard pants sweatshirts hats gloves & mittens socks infant apparel kids' shoes all kids' boots snow boots rain boots hiking boots all kid's shoes hiking shoes kids' gear sunglasses backpacks sleeping bags snowboards skis gear close ski skis helmets goggles ski jackets all ski snowboard snowboards snowboard boots bindings helmets all snowboard snowshoe snowshoes poles snow boots gloves & mittens all snowshoe yoga yoga pants tops sport bras yoga accessories all yoga surf & skate wetsuits board shorts sunglasses swimsuits all surf & skate paddle neoprene paddlewear lifejackets/ pfds rafts all paddle cycle bike shoes jackets pants helmets all cycle climb climbing shoes harnesses carabiners climbing packs all climb camp & hike backpacks sleeping bags tents headlamps all camp & hike running & fitness running shoes jackets pants leg & arm warmers all running & fitness travel bags & luggage packs gps & electronics pants all travel pets leashes dog boots dog packs harnesses all pet gear top brands close see all brands adidas arc'teryx billabong burton canada goose carhartt columbia helly hansen keen merrell mountain hardwear nike oakley osprey packs outdoor research patagonia pearl izumi prana quiksilver roxy salomon sierra designs sorel boots the north face snowboard giveaway email offers live chat close email address submit call: 1-800-369-3949 email: online form online: chat now