来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229140554/http://www.altrec.com/helpdesk/faqs/static.htm
================================================================================

faqs helpdesk - altrec.com productquestions item sizing charts item out of stock price ranges product id number ordering order status verify an address adding to an order cancel an order order charges shipping shipping costs shipping time shipping methods international shipping shipping late damaged package returns & exchanges return policy our policies privacy payment methods credit card security no sales tax product questions: how do i know what size to order? if you are concerned or confused about the sizing of the product, most of our products have sizing charts from the manufacturer to aid you in your selection. see how to find a sizing chart... why can't i order the color and size i want? when i click on one, the other disappears. the size/color combination you want is not currently in stock. if you want to be notified via e-mail when the size/color combination is available, click the gold button, "notify me" at the top of the page and enter your contact information. we'll contact you when the item is back in stock. why is there a range of prices on the same item? our site lists the range of prices that are available for that item. our prices depend on the color, size and availability for any product we carry. where can i find an item's product number or sku number? when looking at a product page, you can find the product number in parenthesis on the right side of the page just below the brand logo. when looking at a product page, you can find the product number in gray type on the right side of the page just below the brand logo. for example, the women's mountain hardwear ghost whisperer down jacket product number is mh3gwdw02bk15zz-mountain-hardwear-snowboard-jackets. additionally, after you have decided on a color and size combination, the sku number shows in parentheses to the right of the color and size, above the price. using the same jacket example, the sku number for the black color in size large is mh3gwdw06bk15. it is useful to know both numbers when speaking to a customer service representative about your order, or when trying to find the same item on a new visit. ordering: when will i receive my order? you can quickly and easily track the status of your order by clicking on "track order" at the top right of this page and entering your email address and order number. simply visit: track order. why did i receive an email or a voicemail asking to verify my billing and shipping address? each transaction is sent through a bank verification process. when a transaction is sent back to us it is due to billing information that doesn't match the credit card being entered in the order process. we work hard to protect you from potential fraud by investigating these cases thoroughly. if it is necessary, we will contact you to verify the information matching the card. if there is no response within 72 hours, the order is automatically canceled. can i add an item even though i have already placed the order? we process orders quickly. there is only a small window where an item can be added to an existing order. if we cannot add an extra item, we would be happy to place a new order. please call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 or use our email form. can i cancel an order after it has already gone through? it is possible to cancel an order before it has shipped, but time is of the essence. please contact customer service as quickly as possible, toll-free: 1-800-369-3949. if your order has already been processed, you will need to return the order following the returns process. once we receive the package we will credit your account and you will receive a refund to the same payment method used to make the purchase. when does my credit card get charged? we authorize your account at the time you place the order. the charge to your account is completed when the order is shipped. we support these payment methods: credit cards how do i pay with a pre-paid gift card? pre-paid gift cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express or discover do not have billing addresses assigned to them so you will need to register the card with your home address before it can be used. information for registering the card is usually located on the back of the card or on the issuing bank's website. shipping: how do i calculate shipping costs? to calculate u.s. shipping costs: add items to your shopping cart enter your zip code or other shipping destination click 'calculate' note the shipping prices and options if one or more of your items cannot ship internationally, you will see a message stating that, "some of your items cannot ship internationally." how much will shipping to canada cost? shipping costs can be calculated in your shopping cart. add your items to the shopping cart and click on the link for "international shipping" in the shipping calculator section. choose canada from the drop down menu. your shipping cost will appear below the international shipping link. when will my order ship? most orders are processed between 8am and 5pm central standard time, monday through friday. you can find the estimated arrival date on both the product page and within your shopping cart, after you enter your destination. as product can ship from multiple warehouses, you may see arrival dates for different products. most shipments are only delivered on business days. how will my order ship? we have several shipping methods available, depending on where the package is going and how fast you want it to arrive after processing. all shipping times are after processing. some items are restricted from being delivered to po boxes, military addresses or outside of the 48 contiguous united states. if you receive an error message when entering a post office box or other address, we may still be able to put the order through if you call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 . standard shipping: free on qualified orders in the contiguous u.s. standard packages ship via ground or usps. p.o. boxes do not qualify for free shipping. large/heavy items may require an additional handling charge and may not qualify for free shipping. these items include but are not limited to kayaks, bikes, surf and paddle boards, large inflatables, large towables, travel bags, and board bags with wheels. available for: contiguous u.s. (3-5 days*), alaska & hawaii (3-5 days*), canada (7-30 days*) 3 day shipping, in the contiguous u.s., arrive on the 3rd business day after processing*. available for: contiguous u.s. 2 day shipping, in the contiguous u.s., arrive on the 2nd business day after processing*. available for: contiguous u.s. overnight shipping, in the contiguous u.s., arrive on the next business day after processing*. available for: contiguous u.s. usps priority mail: priority shipping is available for orders shipping to u.s. protectorates. the estimated time of delivery is 7-30 days after processing*. po boxes: orders to po boxes and fpo/apo addresses ship via usps priority mail only *all shipping times are after processing. why hasn't my order shipped yet? we apologize for any inconvenience. on rare occasions orders may be delivered after the target delivery date. this may be based on weather delays or in the order fulfillment process. if you have not received an email notification stating that your order has shipped, there are a few easily explained reasons: we need you to verify your billing and shipping information. if this is this case, we will contact you by email, or you may call customer service toll-free: 1-800-369-3949 to complete the order processing. an item is out-of-stock on your order. we don't like this any more than you do but on rare occasions we may be out of stock on a particular item. one of our customer service representatives will notify you by phone or e-mail as quickly as possible. the order did go through. in some cases, we only receive partial information regarding your order. if this is the case, the order will not be processed and you will not be charged. however, the items will remain in your cart unless another order is placed for the same items. please call customer service toll-free 1-800-369-3949 anytime-we are happy to help! do you ship outside of the united states? yes, we ship internationally to certain countries. see: list of countries. please keep in mind that certain manufacturers don't allow us to ship their products internationally. when you order multiple items some products may be special order (what does special order mean?). each package will have its own tracking number which will be sent to you in an email when the package is shipped. you will not be charged any additional shipping costs for multiple packages sent on one order. you will only be charged once, when your order is placed. my package is damaged/missing what do i do? if you receive a product that was damaged in shipping, please contact us as soon as possible. have ready your invoice number (found on packing slip) and the name of the carrier that delivered the package. if we have the same product in stock, we can send you a replacement product, and provide you with a free shipping label for the return. please contact us by phone 1-800-369-3949 or use our email form for further help. returns & exchanges: what is your return policy? standard return policy: any product purchased from altrec between 1/1 and 10/15 may be returned within 30 days for credit or exchange, as long as it is unused, tags attached, and in its original condition. holiday return policy: any product purchased from altrec between 10/16 and 12/31, may be returned by 1/31 for credit or exchange, as long as it is unused, tags attached, and in its original condition. please fill out the accompanying exchange/return form and include it with the products you are returning. please note the reason for the return. indicate if you prefer a charge credit (to the card originally used), or an exchange. if you’re exchanging, let us know what you’d like by completing the information in the exchange item field. pack and seal your return securely (in the original package if possible) and include the exchange/return form. packages must be returned prepaid; we cannot accept c.o.d. deliveries. for your protection, please use ups, fed ex or insured parcel post for shipment. processing your return or exchange can take 2 to 3 weeks. if you need your item(s) sooner, please call customer service to make special arrangements. all credits will be placed on the credit card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the credit to appear on your statement. if you received the wrong item or would like additional information please contact us by phone 1-800-369-3949 or use our email form for further help.please download our exchange/return form here our return address is: altrec returns 200 s owasso blvd. e st.paul, mn 55117 our policies privacy policy at altrec.com we recognize that you value the privacy of your personal information and how it is used. our privacy policy outlines the information we gather, how it is used, and how we will protect it. see: full privacy policy... payment options we accept the following: visa, mastercard, american express and novus/discover. we do not accept checks, money orders or c.o.d.. all prices and transactions are in u.s. dollars. you may also shop with the convenience of a paypal account. it's a safe and secure method of payment that accepts a wide variety of major credit or bank cards. credit cards in order to use a pre-paid gift cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express or discover, you will need to register the card with your home address before it can be used. information for registering the card is usually located on the back of the card or on the issuing bank's website. credit card security: shopping at our site is safe, and we guarantee it. all orders on our site are processed on our secure server. all credit card information is encrypted and protected. to check that your transaction is secure, look for the unbroken key or closed padlock icon in the corner of your browser screen. if you would prefer not to place your order on-line, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. your credit card security is a priority at altrec.com. we guarantee the safety and confidentiality of every transaction we process. if an unauthorized charge ever appears on your credit card statement as a result of shopping at altrec.com, you pay nothing. contacting us: if you have any questions about this security statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you may use our email form or write us: no sales tax: us orders: no sales tax on orders shipped outside minnesota. international orders: applicable sales tax for a particular country might be applied at time of delivery. call us: 800-369-3949 email: online form we're available: mon-fri: 7:30am-4:00pm pst sat-sun: closed clothes shirts jackets pants sweatshirts hats gloves & mittens sunglasses shorts socks long underwear swimsuits dresses & skirts sweaters belts bike jerseys vests rash guards cross country ski watches & clocks underwear bike shorts neckwear boat compression shoes shoes sandals boots climbing footwear gear snowboards snowboard boots wakeboards backpacks bindings bags & luggage wakeboarding accessories helmets goggles skateboards ski boots bikes sleeping bags & pads tents skis electronics lifejackets/ pfds ski & board repair neoprene videos bike shoes travel accessories camping chairs & tables cameras poles camping accessories snowshoes water bottles & bags bicycle accessories headlamps & lights protection rafts catarafts and kayaks saddles paddlewear car racks splitboards cycling repair yoga accessories climbing gear kid's cycling gear stoves top brands 2117 of sweden adidas analog anon by burton arbor collective bonfire burton columbia dc dakine dansko ecco electric etnies forum foursquare fox racing eyewear gravis grenade helly hansen holden hurley hyperlite k2 snowboarding keen kelty liquid force marmot merrell mountain hardwear neff o'brien oakley planet earth prana clothing quiksilver reef ride snowboards rome ronix rossignol roxy salomon sessions sierra designs smartwool special blend spy optics thirtytwo vans volcom white sierra all brands free shipping on orders over $50 free shipping easy returns price guarantee credit card security price policy privacy - updated now accepting altrec on facebook altrec on linkedin altrec on twitter altrec on youtube altrec google+ talk to us: (800) 369-3949 email: online form we're available: mon-fri: 7:30am-4:00pm pst sat-sun: closed about us altrec reviews greatoutdoors.com affiliates sales exclusions altrec coupons group sales sitemap © 1998-2015 popular searches north face denali north face apex bionic board shorts denali jacket canada goose north face jackets skis hiking boots keen shoes new balance shoes nike shoes oakley sunglasses sandals × free shipping offers free shipping on $50 orders - limited to shipments within the 48 contiguous united states. no p.o. boxes simply choose the standard shipping option during checkout some special orders and some large, heavy items such as kayaks, bikes, surf and paddle boards, large inflatables, large towables, travel bags, and board bags with wheels may require additional handling charges and may not qualify for free shipping. × restricted brands brands that cannot be shipped internationally: the following brands can only ship to the states (orders that are shipping to forwarding companies are not able to be processed with restricted items, please submit your order with an address that is from a family member or friend that is within the us): 686, anon, arbor, armada, atomic, bonfire, burton, capita, cappel, connelly, cwb, dakine, dynastar, emerica, es, etnies, fox, full tilt, giro, gnu, gravis, jeenyus, k2, lib tech, liberty, line, liquid force, marker, merrell, nixon, north face, oakley, o’brien, o’neill, quicksilver, quiksilver, rada, rayban, red, ride, rome, ronix, rossignol, roxy, rvca, salomon, se bikes, tecnica, union, vans, volkl, von zipper, warranty issues and manufacturer restrictions prevent us from shipping certain products to all geographical locations. × easy returns standard return policy: any product purchased from altrec between 1/1 and 10/15 may be returned within 30 days for credit or exchange, as long as it is unused, tags attached, and in its original condition. holiday return policy: any product purchased from altrec between 10/16 and 12/31, may be returned by 1/31 for credit or exchange, as long as it is unused, tags attached, and in its original condition. all sales on the following types of product are final and cannot be returned: all load-bearing climbing equipment and related hardware. all swimsuits and underwear. helmets that show any sign of use. please download our exchange/return form here you may contact our customer service department to arrange for returns and receive a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. please call 1-800-369-3949 with any questions. we're available: mon-fri: 7:30am-4:00pm pst, sat-sun: closed. × × we'll match all competitor pricing! all 2015 gear is excluded price matching guarantee call now: 1-800-369-3949 for your price match! at altrec.com, we offer the best price matching guarantee on all our products. if you find an advertised price lower than ours from a legitimate authorized internet retailer and you meet the eligibility requirements, we will match that price. you are eligible for price match if your request meets the following conditions: the product we are price-matching needs to be identical to the product we have in stock. that means the product must be indentical in size, model year, color, etc. the price we are matching must include all costs the competitor would charge you for the item including tax and shipping where applicable. the product we are matching must be in stock and currently available for purchase. the product must be offered for sale for a continuous 24 hour period price matching does not apply to ebay or other internet auction sites. when requesting a price match, please be aware that prices will be compared on the following criteria: price comparisons include the prouduct price plus shipping & handling charges when calculating the competitor's total price in comparison to altrec.com's product price. the price matching does not apply when you use coupons, rebates, promotional offers or product-bundle pricing on the order. price matching is limited to one item of the same product, shipped to the same address. price matching is always subject to the discretion of altrec.com. how do i submit a request? call one of our knowledgeable sales representatives at 1-800-369-3949 × credit card security shopping at our site is safe, and we guarantee it. all orders on our site are processed on our secure server. all credit card information is encrypted and protected. to check that your transaction is secure, look for the unbroken key or closed padlock icon in the corner of your browser screen. credit cards if you would prefer not to place your order on-line, please call our customer service at 1-800-369-3949. one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. × our price policy we guarantee that if we place an item on sale less than 7 days after you bought it at full price, just let us know and we will happily refund you the difference. this offer only applies to purchases made within the last 7 days, and only if we have the same size and color of that item in stock at the time. this offer does not apply to special sales, use of gift certificates, rebates or gift with purchase promotions. simply contact us within 7 days of your purchase by email with our email form or by phone at 1-800-369-3949. × no sales tax us orders: no sales tax on orders shipped outside minnesota. international orders: applicable sales tax for a particular country might be applied at time of delivery. × shop using paypal shop with the convenience of a paypal account. it's a safe and secure method of payment that accepts a wide variety of major credit or bank cards. paypal - it's the safer, easier way to pay online. credit cards free shipping on orders over $50* some restrictions apply help 800-369-3949 track order returns outlet up to 60% off cart cart toggle navigation women all women's gear × women's jackets fleece jackets rain jackets soft shell jackets snowboard jackets ski jackets track jackets hard shell jackets insulated jackets active jackets casual jackets down jackets running jackets wind shells vests all women's jackets women's tops shirts t-shirts & tops tank tops hoodies sweatshirts sweaters dresses & skirts performance shirts bike jerseys bike shorts rash guards swimsuits yogawear all women's tops women's pants casual pants jeans ski pants snowboard pants snow pants rain pants hiking pants travel pants boardshorts shorts bike shorts paddlewear long underwear underwear all women's pants women's clothing shops ski clothing snowboard clothing yoga clothing cycling clothing casual clothing winter clothing accessories sunglasses hats & caps beanies socks watches gloves mittens bike gloves backpacks bags & luggage totes & purses wallets headphones & earbuds belts & buckles neckwear facemasks women's gear snowboard shop ski shop bike shop surf shop wakeboard shop skate shop snowshoes camping paddleboards kayaks waterskis towables & inflatables men all men's gear × men's jackets fleece jackets rain jackets soft shell jackets snowboard jackets ski jackets track jackets hard shell jackets insulated jackets active jackets casual jackets down jackets running jackets wind shells vests all men's jackets men's shirts casual shirts t-shirts tank tops travel shirts hoodies sweatshirts sweaters performance shirts bike jerseys rash guards all men's tops men's pants casual pants jeans ski pants snowboard pants snow pants rain pants hiking pants travel pants boardshorts shorts bike shorts paddlewear long underwear underwear all men's pants men's clothing shops ski clothing snowboard clothing yoga clothing cycling clothing casual clothing winter clothing accessories sunglasses hats beanies socks watches gloves mittens bike gloves backpacks bags & luggage wallets headphones & earbuds belts & buckles neckwear facemasks men's gear snowboard shop ski shop bike shop surf shop wakeboard shop skate shop snowshoes camping paddleboards kayaks waterskis towables & inflatables kids all kids' gear × kids' jackets fleece jackets rain jackets snowboard jackets ski jackets down jackets insulated jackets hard shell jackets casual jackets winter jackets wind shells vests all kids' jackets kids' shirts t-shirts casual shirts tank tops hoodies sweatshirts performance shirts bike jerseys rash guards swimsuits kids footwear all kid's tops kids' pants casual pants snowboard pants long underwear boardshorts shorts bike shorts paddlewear all kid's pants kids' clothing shops ski clothing snowboard clothing snow clothing cycling clothing casual clothing accessories hats/caps beanies gloves mittens sunglasses socks watches backpacks headphones & earbuds speakers & audio neckwear facemasks kids' gear snowboard shop ski shop bike shop surf shop wakeboard shop skate shop camping shoes all footwear × women's footwear womens' shoes casual shoes hiking shoes running shoes boat shoes bmx shoes bike shoes water shoes clogs flats mary janes slippers sneakers women's boots hiking boots rain boots casual boots snow boots ski boots snowbaord boots insulated boots women's socks women's sandals sport sandals casual sandals flip flops slides men's footwear men's shoes casual shoes hiking shoes running shoes boat shoes bmx shoes bike shoes water shoes slippers sneakers work shoes men's boots casual boots hiking boots work boots snow boots ski boots snowboard boots insulated boots men's socks men's sandals sport sandals casual sandals flip flops slides kid's footwear kid's shoes kid's boots girl's shoes girl's boots kid's sandals ski all ski gear × women's ski shop women's skis women's ski packages women's ski jackets women's ski pants all women's ski clothing women's ski boots women's ski bindings women's ski poles women's ski goggles women's ski helmets women's cross country ski gear women's cross country skis women's cross country ski boots women's cross country ski bindings women's cross country ski jackets women's cross country ski pants men's ski shop skis ski packages ski jackets ski pants all ski clothing ski boots ski bindings ski poles ski goggles ski helmets men's cross country ski gear cross country skis cross country ski boots cross country ski bindings cross country ski jackets cross country ski pants kids'/youth ski shop kids' skis kids' ski packages kids' ski jackets kids' ski pants all kids' ski clothing kids' ski boots kids' ski bindings kids' ski poles kids' ski goggles kids' ski helmets cross country ski accessories cross country ski accessories cross country ski bags backpacks & bags travel & gear bags snowshoes accessories headphones & ear buds ski accessories ski bags boot bags dvds & videos cameras snowshoes snowboard all snowboard gear × men's snowboard shop snowboards snowboard packages snowboard jackets snowboard pants all snowboard clothing snowboard boots snowboard bindings snowboard goggles snowboard helmets splitboard gear splitboards splitboard bindings splitboard accessories backcountry gear women's snowboard shop women's snowboards women's snowboard packages women's snowboard jackets women's snowboard pants women's all snowboard clothing women's snowboard boots women's snowboard bindings women's snowboard goggles women's snowboard helmets kids'/youth snowboard shop kids' snowboards kids' snowboard packages kids' snowboard jackets kids' snowboard pants kids' all snowboard clothing kids' snowboard boots kids' snowboard bindings kids' snowboard goggles kids' snowboard helmets accessories headphones & ear buds snowboard accessories snowboard bags boot bags dvds & videos cameras snowshoes watches bikes all bike gear × men's bike shop fat bikes single speed bikes fixie bikes/fixed gear city bikes commuter bikes hybrid bikes comfort bikes mountain bikes beach cruiser bikes road bikes bmx bikes bike clothing women's bike shop fat bikes single speed bikes city bikes commuter bikes hybrid bikes comfort bikes mountain bikes beach cruiser bikes road bikes bmx bikes bike clothing kids' bike shop bmx bikes bike helmets bike clothing bike parts & accessories bike chains bike fenders bike grips bike handlebars bike lights bike pedals rear bike rack bike seats bike tires bike tubes bike wheels bike helmets bike jerseys bike shoes bike shorts bmx shoes bike gloves bike accessories activities × snowboarding skiing cross country skiing backcountry skiing snowshoeing camping biking hiking trail running kayaking paddleboarding wakeboarding wakesurfing kneeboarding towables/inflatables waterskiing surfing skateboarding running/fitness traveling yoga top brands all brands × adidas billabong burton columbia dakine dc helly hansen hurley icebreaker k2 merrell mountain hardwear nike oakley outdoor research pearl izumi prana quiksilver roxy salomon sierra designs smartwool volcom