来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111221090850/http://bluebath.com/blog
================================================================================

bluehome: your source for quality kitchen, bath & plumbing fixtures. your source for quality kitchen, bath & plumbing fixtures. about products bathroom bathroom sinks faucets showers toilets eco kitchen kitchen sinks farmsink buy this! inspirationals media information log in bluehome browsing: / home shortlink inspirationals: wood plank master bath by alexparis on march 3, 2011 in bathroom, bathroom sinks, buy this!, faucets, features, inspirationals, products, showers we’re going to start a new feature that talks about what inspires us, from a technological and or design perspective. we hope that these will inspire your renovations as well. you can find many of these fixtures and other accesories (or close approximations) in our online store at bluebath.com we found this awesome  bathroom at atticmag.com. since its winter, we hope this beachy bathroom will get you feeling a little warmer. wood plank mr. and mrs. whirlpool tub vessel sink and vanity. available at bluebath.com in a beach house, it makes sense to rely on tropical wood planking that stands up well to water. in this mr.-and-mrs. bath, the planks take on the added role of a motif worked in several ways — fencing to create a semi-open shower, horizontal paneling on walls, to slats on the shower floor and sink deck. there’s also a touch of asian bathhouse aesthetic around the frosted window behind the tub. attic mag writer jane f. a series of aluminum trusses act as slender silver beams supporting the wood partitions. one cleverly doubles as a shower curtain rod. in the shower, twin stations are set again a white-tile wall and well illuminated with  recessed lights. wood plank bath, with vessel sinks on vanity. wood plank bathroom with twin deck mounted showers - available at bluebath.com (source: hutker architects) originally published: september 1, 2009 buy this! after the break… continue reading → share this on: mixx delicious digg facebook twitter shortlink farmsinks bring glee by alexparis on february 25, 2011 in as seen on tv, buy this!, farmsink, kitchen sinks, products glee! featuring farmsinks! if you were watching fox’s mega-hit series glee this week you probably saw them perform ke$ha’s tiktok, singsome honky tonk song about getting drunk and talk about the perils and pitfalls of underage drinking; it’s all very interesting. but what we think is exciting is the appearance of a whitehouse farmsink in the kitchen at finn and kurt’s house. it only goes to prove that classy and dramatic homes choose farmsink for their cleaning needs… even in lima, ohio. keep your eyes peeled for more farmsinks on glee tuesday nights at 8/7c on fox. or catch up any time on hulu. buy this: whitehaus farmsink at bluebath.com can't make suflé, so lets clean up in the farmsink share this on: mixx delicious digg facebook twitter shortlink where can you find the largest selection of farmsinks online? only at bluebath.com by alexparis on february 15, 2011 in farmsink, kitchen sinks alfi brand fireclay farmsink we offer farm sinks in 7 different materials, from 15 different brands, totaling over 120 different products; more than any of our compettitors. we proudly carry the farmsinks from seven different brands including kholer, whitehaus, kraus, alfi brand, franke, elkay and others. farm sinks have become the sink of choice for designers whose goal is to design a kitchen that makes a statement, using the farmsink sink as the center piece of the space. in addition to being stylish, farm sinks are very practical as they close proximity to the faucet which is a more comfortable position to clean from requiring less bending over while washing. farmsinks are made in every style, color and material available from steel to stone. we even carry a farmsink made of renewable, and biodegradable bamboo. that’s great and all but you probably want to know what a farmsink is. a farmsink is an under-mounted sink with a pollished exposed front end. for this reason they stand out. farmsinks have been used throughout history for their elegance and are known by several different names, apron sinks, butler sinks, skirt sink, farmers sink and farmhouse sinks. originating in 19th  century france, the farmsink made its mark by differentiating itself from the ceramic english butler sink. french farmsinks were originally made from french clays attributing to their thinner walls and more refined polished look. and that’s the wide world of fantastic farm sinks. get yours today! find our farmsinks read the press relase share this on: mixx delicious digg facebook twitter shortlink dual flush one piece eco-friendly toilet by alexparis on december 10, 2010 in bathroom, eco, products, toilets the future of american toilets ultra low flush (ulf) eco-friendly 1.6 gallon flush. dual flush. so simple yet so genius. one botton for solid waste (1.6 gpf) and one button for liquid waste (0.8 gpf). if only saving fuel was this simple… one piece toilet. enjoy a sleek solid european design. not only does it look so much better than your old toilet, it also works a whole lot better. siphonic flush system. new tower based mechanism. there is no chain to snap, and no flapper to partially close leaving your toilet running. fully glazed inside & out. the trap ways of eago toilets are perfectly glazed just as they are on the outer surface. keeping your toilet flushing like new for years. living the green life. this environmentally friendly toilet will save a family of four an average of 10,000 gallons of water per year! soft closing toilet seat & lid included. never be startled again by the loud crash of a slamming toilet seat. the soft drop seat has an innovative hinge system that will gently guide the toilet seat down with out a sound. 1. powerful and efficient 3″ flushing valve. reduces the number of problems typically associated with older ball-chain-flapper systems. 2. wide water surface. a large surface area keeps odors down and allows for easy cleaning. 3. balanced water distribution. designed to maintain the optimal balance between an increased diameter and proper exit velocity. 4. large 2″ fully glazed trap. fully glazing the trap way ensures that waste flows smoothly to the exit with a single flush, each time. 5. big jet hole. this toilet also includes the wax ring for installation. this post originally by contributor chardon nicholas share this on: mixx delicious digg facebook twitter shortlink home for the holidays by alexparis on november 20, 2010 in bathroom, eco, toilets the holidays are coming! you here it resound in your head but your mind has not yet taken in all that has to be done. there will need to be some serious work done to your home. starting with the kitchen: a lot of cooking will take place and your old rusty kitchen sink may not be the ideal place to defrost that 20lb turkey. a great new kitchen sink might just just what you need to make cooking and cleaning this holiday season tolerable. don’t forget the new faucet of course! wait until you see the before and after images you take, it will surprise you and your holiday guests. we bet you don’t want to really look at what issues your kitchen has in store for you. there just might be a list of replacements that needs to be done. eago eco toilets not to put even more stress on you but how’s the bathroom doing? good present money is probably being washed away with every flush. we hope that’s not the case and it certainly won’t be if you have a new eco-friendly toilet from  eago. it always pays to save. at blue bath.com we make it much easier for our customers by making everything more affordable. this article written by contributor chardon nicolas share this on: mixx delicious digg facebook twitter shortlink bluebath.com introduces bluehome by alexparis on november 12, 2010 in letters from the editor at bluebath.com we believe that our clients’ homes are an extension of their person. the same goes for us. as we’ve spent the last eight years of intense focus on delivering quality products at great prices to help improve your homes we’ve now take a bit of time to improve our own. we are proud to announce the launch of  bluehome: the official blog for bluebath.com and our products. over the next coming months we will be doing a great deal of work on bluehome. not only will we be making product announcements and delivering general company news for bluebath.com, bluehome is also going to be part of the ongoing renovations at bluebath.com. it is the first step in really making bluebath.com more social and interactive. we want to hear your thoughts on the products we sell and we want you to share your design ideas with others too. in addition to product news we will be curating the site several times a week with content that includes design tips from well known designers. we will also have diy guides for you do-it-yourselfers out there who maybe need just that little bit of help you didn’t get from that instruction manual you  didn’t read. well we will provide advice from experts from around the web. specialists in design, construction and installation will help you all along with your renovation and let you get the most out of your purchase at bluebath.com. we’d like to welcome you to our new… i guess this is our living room. make yourself at home while we serve up some fascinating new ways to improve your home. we hope you enjoy everything bluehome has to offer as well as  to the wide selection fine products we carry at bluebath.com. please send us any ideas, suggestions, questions or concerns to feedback@bluebath.com. you can also follow us on twitter and facebook. watch our videos on youtube as well! alex paris editor share this on: mixx delicious digg facebook twitter shortlink eco-fying your home by alexparis on march 27, 2010 in eco saving the environment is not as hard as you may believe and it’s not only about recycling bottles and cans. our homes can be transformed into an earth saving place and still look normal. so don’t worry it won’t look space-aged– unless you want it to. the construction, design, and material all focus on energy and water efficiency.  the appliances used also need to consume less energy. look for appliances that have energy star ratings. by now i’m sure you see the advantages of having a green home. see how much you can save by paying less on your recurring  energy and water bills. and if you’re in the market for a new car you can save on gas and contribute to saving the environment by choosing an eco-friendly vehicle; consider a hybrid, or even an all electric plug in vehicles. these are products you’ll see every day very soon. is the  higher cost associated with these eco-friendly products the reason why you shyed away from joining the green movement? it would be understandable because of the on-going recession.  then try doing the little things ,  such as turning off lights when not needed, walking or taking a public transit to destinations, and using filtered water and reusable bottles. also consider that things like led light bulbs (that can run for $20.oo vs the $1 normal incandescent 40w bulbs) can last for many years before needing to be changed and you save on energy. spend a little now to save a lot in the long run and do your part as well. you can also take things step by step and with a saved money purchase eco-friendly products by shopping online at e-commerce retailers to save gas money. head to your bathroom and switch your toilet to a dual flush eco-toilet and you will soon see the change in your wallet. this post originally by contributor chardon nicholas share this on: mixx delicious digg facebook twitter search image streammost viewed commented inspirationals: wood plank master bath (190) where can you find the largest selection of farmsinks online? only at bluebath.com (84) bluebath.com introduces bluehome (18) eco-fying your home (6) bluebath.com introduces bluehome (0) home for the holidays (0) stay connected! about products buy this! media information copyright © 2011 bluebath.com. log in