来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221205193158/https://www.bluebath.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
================================================================================

privacy policy was were added to your cart. added to wishlist. added to compare products. continue shopping go to shopping cart javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. your farm sink specialists largest selection of farm sinks in stock one stop kitchen & bath plumbing shop decorative plumbing fixtures is our thing sinks, faucets, tubs, toilets etc... your source for high end fixtures 213.222.8820 create account login my cart 0 item $0.00 search menu search: search kitchenview all kitchenaccessoriesview all accessoriescutting boardssink basketssink gridssink strainersfaucetsview all faucetsbar / prepbridgecentersetpot fillerssingle holeview all single holepull downpull outwith side sprayno spraywallmountwidespreadgarbage disposalsislandsrange hoodsview all range hoodsislandunder cabinetwall mountedsinksview all sinksresinview all resinfarmhousebamboocast ironview all cast irondrop infarmhouseundermountwall mountconcretecopperview all copperbar / prepdrop infarmhouseundermountfireclayview all fireclaybar / prepfarmhouseundermountgraniteview all granitebar / prepdrop inundermountfarmhouselaundry / utilityporcelainview all porcelainundermountwall mountstainless steelview all stainless steelbar / prepdrop infarmhouseflushmountundermountstoneacrylicview all acrylicdrop infarmhousesoap dispenserswater dispensersview all water dispenserscoldhothot&coldwater filtrationview all water filtrationcountertopreverse osmosisundercounterfiltersbathview all bathaccessoriesview all accessoriesaccessory setsbidet seatsgrab barstowel barstowel warmerstrapssink drainsbathtubsview all bathtubsair tubsview all air tubscornerdrop infree standingalcoveclawfootview all clawfootacryliccast ironcopperdrop infree standingview all free standingacryliccast ironcopperresinwoodenamel steelwalk-inwhirlpoolsview all whirlpoolsalcovecornerdrop infree standingbidetsfaucetsview all faucetscentersetfor bidetssingle holewall mountwidespreadfurnituremedicine cabinetsview all medicine cabinetscorner mountedflush mountedfully recessedsemi recessedsurface mountedmirrorssaunasshowerview all showerdoorsview all doorsshower doorsbathtub doorsnichesshower drainsshower enclosuressteam showerstrayswallsshower seatssinksview all sinksaluminumbamboobrassbronzecast ironconcretecopperview all copperabove mountdrop inundermountwall mountglassporcelainview all porcelainabove mountconsoledrop inpedestalundermountwall mountresinstainless steelview all stainless steelabove mountdrop inundermountwall mountstonetoiletsview all toiletsfloor mountwall mountreplacement partstub & shower fixturesview all tub & shower fixturesbody spraysdivertersmixersshower armsshower panelsshower headsshower setstub fillersview all tub fillersdeck mountedfloor mountedtub spoutwall mountedurinalsview all urinalsflushing urinalswaterfreevanitiesview all vanitiesacrylicglassironstainless steelstonewoodventilation fans farm sinks fireclay copper stainless steel stone bamboo concrete acrylic cast iron resin granite toilets steam showers whirlpools vanities brands blog my account manufacturers my wishlist my cart checkout register log in home / privacy policy privacy policy section 1 - what do we do with your information? when you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. when you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (ip) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. email marketing (if applicable): with your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates. section 2 - consent how do you get my consent? when you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. if we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. how do i withdraw my consent? if after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@bluebath.com or mailing us at: bluebath.com 4011 west jefferson blvd los angeles ca usa 90016 section 3 - disclosure we may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our terms of service. section 4 - third-party services in general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.however, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. for these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. in particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. so if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. as an example, if you are located in canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the united states, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under united states legislation, including the patriot act. once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this privacy policy or our website’s terms of service. links when you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. section 5 - security to protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. if you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (ssl) and stored with a aes-256 encryption.  although no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all pci-dss requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards. section 6 - cookies we use cookies in order to provide you with the best shopping experience possible. section 7 - age of consent by using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. section 8 - changes to this privacy policy we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. if our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you. questions and contact information if you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our privacy compliance officer at info@bluebath.com or by mail at bluebath.com [re: privacy compliance officer] [4011 west jefferson blvd los angeles ca usa 90016] conditions of use when you visit bluebath.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of california. if you have any concern about privacy at bluebath.com, please send us an email explaining your concern and we will be sure to get back to you within one business day. what we do with the information we gather we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: internal record keeping. upon placing an order your email and item purchased will be shared with our review company shopperapproved for the sole purpose of sending a follow up email to collect your review on the product. we may use the information to improve our products and services. we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests. security we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. how we use cookies a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. links to other websites our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. controlling your personal information you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@bluebath.com we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998. a small fee will be payable. if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 4011 w. jefferson blvd los angeles, ca 90016. if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. list of cookies we collect the table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store. cookie namecookie description cart the association with your shopping cart. category_info stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly. compare the items that you have in the compare products list. currency your preferred currency customer an encrypted version of your customer id with the store. customer_auth an indicator if you are currently logged into the store. customer_info an encrypted version of the customer group you belong to. customer_segment_ids stores the customer segment id external_no_cache a flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not. frontend you sesssion id on the server. guest-view allows guests to edit their orders. last_category the last category you visited. last_product the most recent product you have viewed. newmessage indicates whether a new message has been received. no_cache indicates whether it is allowed to use cache. persistent_shopping_cart a link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site. poll the id of any polls you have recently voted in. polln information on what polls you have voted on. recentlycompared the items that you have recently compared. stf information on products you have emailed to friends. store the store view or language you have selected. user_allowed_save_cookie indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies. viewed_product_ids the products that you have recently viewed. wishlist an encrypted list of products added to your wishlist. wishlist_cnt the number of items in your wishlist. about us about us terms & policies feedback testimonials helpful pages faq fireclay maintenance farm sink installation farm sink factory gallery brands info shipping shipping & delivery return policy return form track your order resources blog coupons shopping guides and tips price match guarantee site map your account login account info order history privacy policy get in touch call us at 213-222-8820 contact us get in touch call us at 213-222-8820 contact us subscribe to our newsletter & stay updated on latest offers! secure payments by & follow us on the move give us a shop with confidence call us satisfaction & price beat guaranteed free shipping all $100+ orders we ship to canada! © 2003 - 2023 blue bath, all rights reserved.