来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181228044949/https://www.oreillyauto.com/warranty
================================================================================

auto parts limited warranty | o’reilly auto parts skip to content skip to chat link o'reilly auto parts free shipping on most orders of $35+ & free pick up on all in-store orders find a repair shop shopping list o'rewards current ad sign in | create account cart this item has been added to your cart welcome to o'reilly auto parts, find a store o'reilly auto parts menu shop search info search pin find a store car add select a vehicle cart 0 cart this item has been added to your cart added to your cart live chat live chat chat live chat chat directly with a professional parts person warranties o’reilly auto parts’ limited warranty warranty period battery warranty air conditioning warranty fuel pump warranty tools & equipment warranty chemicals warranty warranties with o’reilly auto parts once you have provided o’reilly auto parts with the required customer information your warranty details are entered into the o’reilly auto part’s national warranty database. if you need to return a product under warranty, please take it into any o’reilly auto parts location or return it following the process described below. limited warranties are made to the original purchaser only and are non-transferable. most of o’reilly auto’s parts and accessories are covered by a limited warranty (“limited warranty”), but there are some exceptions and those exceptions are described in the product description. the length of the o’reilly auto part’s limited warranty varies with each product and is designated in the product description. o’reilly auto parts’ limited warranty this limited warranty is limited to defects in materials and workmanship of the product as supplied by the manufacturer. what does this limited warranty cover? customer satisfaction is our top priority. the limited warranty covers any product that is purchased from us (“product”) which fails due to a defect in materials or workmanship as long as the product is used normally and used in accordance with the purposes it was designed for. this limited warranty is subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions provided below. this limited warranty is valid only if you are the original purchaser of the product. the limited warranty may not be transferred. how long does the coverage last? this limited warranty begins when you purchase a product and lasts for the length of time described in the product’s warranty. to determine how long your limited warranty lasts and because warranty periods may vary from product to product, please refer to your sales receipt or the product on our website at www.oreillyauto.com. coverage terminates, including any and all implied warranties such as the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, at the end of the applicable warranty period or earlier if you sell or otherwise transfer ownership of your vehicle using the product. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. if a product is replaced under this warranty (“defective product”), a replacement product will be covered for ninety (90) days from the date of exchange or the remainder of the warranty period, whichever is greater. this warranty for installed vehicle parts shall terminate immediately if you sell or otherwise transfer ownership of your vehicle that had the defective product, or if you install or use the replacement product on another vehicle. commercial vehicles - any product which is used or installed on a commercial vehicle shall have a warranty period of ninety (90) days after the date of its purchase. what will o’reilly auto parts do? at our option, we will either replace any defective or malfunctioning product at no charge or provide a refund instead of replacing such product. if product is replaced under this warranty, we will warranty the replacement product as well, subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions contained in this policy. what does this limited warranty not cover? this limited warranty does not extend to any product that fails due to (i) accident or collision; (ii) improper use, installation, maintenance or service; (iii) combination of the product with other third-party product(s) which fail; (iv) abuse, misuse, modification, or neglect; (v) failure to follow directions; (vi) an act of god (such as a flood, chemical fallout, salt, hail or other environmental conditions including natural disasters); (vii) installation or use on vehicles used for powersports, off-road, or racing purposes where such product is not intended for powersports, off-road, or racing purposes; or (viii) installation or use on vehicles used for marine purposes where such product is not intended for marine use. this limited warranty does not cover labor, towing, or rental car charges, which are your sole responsibility. this limited warranty does not cover incidental, consequential, indirect, or special damages. this limited warranty represents the total liability of o’reilly for any product to which it applies. o’reilly makes no other warranties or representations of any kind whatsoever, express or implied, and all implied warranties including any warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are hereby disclaimed. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. how do you get service? in order to be eligible for service under this limited warranty, you must return the product along with the original sales receipt to any o’reilly auto parts store, and at our option, we will either replace the product or provide a refund. if purchased on-line you may go to www.oreillyauto.com; click the “my account” link, and follow the on-line instructions for warranty returns. how does state law apply? this limited warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. warranty period your limited warranty period begins on the date of purchase. we offer a one year part replacement warranty unless otherwise stated on your receipt. if your receipt states limited lifetime warranty, we will warrant the original part as long as you own the vehicle on which the part was originally installed. batteries have various warranty periods, some of which are a “pro-rated warranty”. battery warranties do not cover freezing. battery warranty the warranty begins on the date of purchase and expires at the end of the warranty period stated on the receipt. should the battery fail during the free replacement period, o'reilly auto parts will replace it at no cost to the original purchaser. any battery that fails as a result of misuse, abuse, low fluid level, freezing, improper installation or another faulty part are not covered by this warranty. superstart battery warranty: national warranty nationwide limited battery warranty: this limited warranty is extended on to you, the original purchase, and not to anyone who may purchase your vehicle from you during the term of the warranty. this limited warranty is extended by superstart batteries. this warranty is not a warranty of automotive business solutions, inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, their employees or member companies. automotive business solutions inc. serves at the administrator only. this limited warranty and not a full warranty only the warranty that is expressly granted below is extended to you. superstart batteries disclaims all other warranties expressed or implied including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. what is covered by this limited warranty: batteries eligible to be covered by this limited warranty are warranted to the original purchaser from the date of sale for the stated period shown at place of purchase or as advertised. should the battery fail within the free replacement period, due to a defect in materials and/or workmanship (not merely discharged), it will be replaced with the same model battery free of charge. if the same model battery is not available, it will be replaced with a like kind and quality battery. should the battery fail due to a defect in materials and/or workmanship (not merely discharged) after the free replacement period, but before the expiration date of the pro-rata adjustment period, it will be replaced with the same model battery on a pro-rata adjustment basis. the pro-rata cost per month is determined by dividing the price paid for the original battery by the consumed months in service. charges to the original owner are based on the actual number of months of service delivered by the battery to be replaced. (a portion of any one month is considered a whole month.) if the same model battery is not available, it will be replaced with a like kind and quality battery what is not covered by this limited warranty: this warranty does not apply to discharged batteries that can be recharged and returned to service; labor costs for battery removal and installation; labor costs for other damage or repair caused by the battery; batteries that have been opened, frozen, or damaged due to neglect or abuse, including, fire, wreckage, or explosion; batteries with electrolyte other than as recommended by factory or with a “dope” or additive; batteries that fail as a result of a faulty electrical system; batteries of an electrical size smaller than the one specified by the vehicle manufacturer; used in applications for which it was not designed; nor in cases where it was installed and/or charged incorrectly. the warranty does not cover failures that occur outside the united states or canada. service calls, towing, loss of time, inconvenience, and loss of use of the vehicle, lost wages, lost profits, or any other consequential or incidental damages which are hereby specifically excluded from this warranty. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damage, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights, which vary from state to state. unless otherwise precluded by law, this limited warranty shall require no more than the replacement of the subject battery free or at a pro-rated price. how to obtain warranty service: you must keep a copy of the original purchase invoice and present it, along with the battery, when seeking a replacement battery under this warranty. if you are less than 25 miles away from the original place of purchase, you must return the battery to that place of purchase for any warranty service. if you are more than 25 miles from the original place of purchase, then you must call the warranty administrator prior to any warranty service being performed, at 1-866-830-4351, from 8:00a.m. to 8:00 p.m. monday through friday (eastern time), saturday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., excluding holidays; the administrator will provide to you the nearest participating facility. if there are no participating locations in your area, you may take your vehicle to a non-participating facility in your area. if the non-participating facility will not accept payment from the warranty administrator, you must pay for the warranty service and submit your original repair invoice (or legible copy) to the administrator for review within 60 days of the date of service or replacement. battery warranty process: all batteries returned to a store for warranty purposes will be tested. you battery can be tested either in or out of your vehicle. to accurately test a battery, it must be charged. if your battery is discharged, the battery will be charged at the store. normal time to recharge would be 20 to 40 minutes but could be as long as 6 hours. the battery is not warrantable if it is only discharged. air conditioning warranty in order to qualify for the available two year limited warranty on the compressor, both the manufacturer and o'reilly auto parts require the receiver / drier and orifice tube be replaced at the time the compressor is installed, as well as the a/c system flushed or an in-line filter installed by a licensed a/c technician and repair facility. we require proof of purchase of the above referenced items and service, otherwise our compressors carry no warranty. fuel pump warranty fuel pumps carry a limited lifetime warranty when the fuel filter and strainer, if applicable, are replaced with the pump. in order to validate the warranty, o'reilly auto parts and the pump manufacturer(s) require proof of purchase and installation of the filter and strainer; otherwise, pumps installed without the previously mentioned items carry no warranty. tools & equipment warranty o'reilly auto parts will pass on the manufacturer's warranty on tools and equipment. many items carry repair warranty for a limited time. items returned for repair must be accompanied by the original purchase receipt and are subject to inspection prior to repairs. items returned for repair will be handled on a first come, first serve basis. shipping and handling expenses are the sole responsibility of the consumer and are not covered under the manufacturer's warranty. certain repair costs may be the responsibility of the consumer. in such event, o'reilly auto parts will notify the consumer of the estimated repair costs prior to making such repairs. chemicals warranty o'reilly auto parts makes no guarantee, assurances of performance, or warranty of any chemical products offered, including, but not limited to: paints, sealers, wax, lubricants, additives, distillates, detergents, de-greasers, cleaners and conditioners. connect connect with o'reilly professional parts people explore jobs connect with o'reilly email address sign up enchance your email experience by providing your zip code for area specific offers. thank you for signing up. you should expect to start receiving emails shortly. find a store check your order status contact your local store click here to find a store. check order status check the status of your order. o'rewards learn more about our loyalty program. find a repair shop find an automotive service professional near you. about us careers company overview investor relations newsroom legal policies site directory resources find a store current ad store services list of brands for the professional jobber program find a repair shop motorsports & events coupons & promotions videos diy hub customer service contact us faqs my account gift cards rebates returns & exchanges special orders shipping & delivery warranties sds professional catalogs professional parts people privacy ca transparency in supply chain act copyright © 2008-2019 o’reilly auto parts v ost_3.1.0.0.234 (9) cv1222 catalog_main privacy ca transparency in supply chain act