来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181228044949/https://www.oreillyauto.com/legal-policies
================================================================================

legal policies, disclaimers & fine print | o’reilly auto parts skip to content skip to chat link o'reilly auto parts free shipping on most orders of $35+ & free pick up on all in-store orders find a repair shop shopping list o'rewards current ad sign in | create account cart this item has been added to your cart welcome to o'reilly auto parts, find a store o'reilly auto parts menu shop search info search pin find a store car add select a vehicle cart 0 cart this item has been added to your cart added to your cart live chat live chat chat live chat chat directly with a professional parts person terms & conditions privacy policy california transparency in supply chains act of 2010 terms & conditions legalby your use of o’reilly’s website, you agree that the following terms of use form a legal and binding agreement between you and o’reilly automotive stores, inc., its affiliates, and related entities (collectively, “o’reilly.”), and that you will comply with the terms and provisions hereof. website accesswhen you sign up for an account on o’reilly’s website, you will be asked to provide specific information in order to create an account. you acknowledge that all information you provide is current, correct, and complete according to these terms of use. o’reilly reserves the right to terminate your account or refuse you access to its websites if you provide outdated, incorrect, false, or incomplete information. o’reilly may take these measures at any time and without prior notice. restrictions on useby accessing the o’reilly website, you agree that you will only use it for its intended purposes and avoid engaging in behavior that is unlawful or violates these terms of use. you may not, under any circumstances, co brand, frame, or hyperlink to o’reilly’s website, unless o’reilly allows you to do so, which decision shall be made by o’reilly at its own sole discretion. these behaviors are defined as follows: co-branding: you will not display o’reilly’s brand, trademarks, or logos on any website not affiliated with o’reilly or one of its various partners. framing: you will not frame o’reilly’s website within any structure or navigation element of a website not affiliated with o’reilly or one of its partners. hyperlinking: you will not provide a hyperlink to o’reilly’s website on an unaffiliated website, unless you are allowed to do so by o’reilly at its own sole discretion. you agree to cooperate with o’reilly and immediately cease any instances of branding, framing, or unauthorized hyperlinking upon request. you also agree to avoid acting in a manner that disables, overburdens, damages, or impairs the ability of others to use the o’reilly website. you may not access, or attempt to access, information or confidential materials which are not intentionally made available through the o’reilly website. communication servicesby using the communication services, bulletin boards, forums, and any other messaging systems provided on the o’reilly website, you agree to use these services only for their intended purposes and according to these terms of use. you will not post, send, submit, publish, or transmit any of the following on o’reilly’s digital platforms: proprietary material or intellectual property belonging to o’reilly or a third party materials describing or advocating for illegal activity or expressing the desire or intent to commit a crime vulgar, obscene, or pornographic material threats, abuse, libel, defamation, harassment, or threatening or offensive language materials that harm or exploit children and minors names, phone numbers, addresses, email addresses, or other personal details of any third party misleading or exploitative content, or any material that impersonates or misrepresents another entity or person material that is not properly attributed to the appropriate author or legal owner material consisting of personal or commercial solicitations, “spam,” chain letters, or any other mass messaging material that contains malware, viruses, or any other destructive mechanism that poses a risk to the website solicitations for political campaigns or a political candidate o’reilly reserves the right to monitor the use of its website and other digital platforms to ensure compliance with these terms of use. o'reilly reserves the right to remove any content which violates these terms of use and to restrict the access of users who refuse to follow the guidelines outlined herein. o’reilly may disclose to third parties, including law enforcement personnel, as much information as necessary to satisfy applicable law and the orders of any court or administrative agency, and to ensure the safety of o’reilly’s business, customers, and employees. o’reilly will remove, or deny the use of, any materials from its website that do not satisfy the requirements outlined in these terms of use. proprietary informationthe material and content accessible from this website, and any other website owned, operated, licensed, or otherwise controlled by o'reilly (the “content”) is the proprietary information of o'reilly or the party that provided or licensed the content to o'reilly. the content expressly includes trademarks, service marks, logos, and copyrighted works belonging to o’reilly and its affiliates. the content may not be copied, distributed, republished, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of o'reilly, except for printing out a copy of the content solely for personal use. in doing so, the content may not be removed or altered, or caused to be removed or altered, including any copyright, trademark, trade name, service mark, or other proprietary notice or legend appearing on the content. modification or use of the content except as expressly provided in these terms of use violates o'reilly’s intellectual property rights. neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to anyone accessing this website. third party links and hyperlinkso’reilly’s website may be hyperlinked by other websites not owned or maintained by o’reilly or its affiliated parties. o’reilly does not sponsor traffic to its website from external sources, and these links are provided as a service to users of those respective sources. when you follow a link to a third party website from o’reilly’s website and access external content, you agree to the respective third party policies and terms of the websites you visit. o’reilly is not responsible for the content of external third party links, which you should access at your own risk and discretion. o’reilly does not guarantee the completeness, accuracy, or safety of third party links. o’reilly provides hyperlinks as a convenience to customers and website users, and links to third party websites do not represent an endorsement of other organizations, their products, or their services by o’reilly. submissionsby submitting content to o’reilly through its website, you grant o’reilly the worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable, non-cancellable, and non exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute, and display comments, reviews, ideas, and feedback through its website. o’reilly also reserves the right to incorporate such content into other forms of media or technology to further its business objectives. such submissions will not be considered confidential and may be used in marketing materials, products, or advertising without incurring any liability for royalties. o’reilly will handle the security of personal information and details according to its privacy policy. warranty disclaimero’reilly does not assume any responsibility for your use of the internet or the downloading of potentially harmful files. you are responsible for protecting your computers and mobile devices from viruses, malware, worms, trojan horses, and other security risks that may harm the integrity of your hard drive, files, or operating systems. you are responsible for protecting your data with personal anti-virus software, firewalls, and other sufficient programs, and recovering your lost data, in the event of a security breach or malfunction. o’reilly makes no warranties, whether express or implied, by law or otherwise, with regard to the use of our website and other digital platforms, or any products or services purchased thereon, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, or fitness for a particular purpose. your use of o’reilly’s website is at your own risk, and the content contained on our website is presented as is and without guarantee against errors, defects, or security risks. warranties on products may be available from the manufacturer thereof. we make no warranty regarding, and are not responsible for any interruption of, internet service. we expressly disclaim any responsibility for any loss, damage or injury to persons or property caused by your use of the websites and other digital platforms. you are responsible for the entire cost of servicing, repairing, or correcting any loss or damage resulting from the use of o’reilly’s website. prices and availability of products sold on o’reilly’s website may change without notice. o’reilly does not assume responsibility for your use of the content on its website and cannot be liable if your actions infringe on the rights and privacy of others. all of the information on o’reilly’s website applies only as of the posted date, and o’reilly has no obligation to update or remove such information upon request. limitation of liabilityo'reilly and the “indemnified parties” (defined below) will not be liable or responsible for any incidental, direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, special, exemplary, or other damages, including loss of revenue or income, pain and suffering, emotional distress, or similar damages, even if o'reilly was advised of the possibility of such damages. at no point will the collective liability of o'reilly or any of the aforementioned parties (regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) exceed the greater of $100 or the amount you have paid to o'reilly for the applicable content or service out of which liability arose. the limitation on liability set forth above may not apply in certain states. in these states, you may have additional remedies or damages available to you. indemnity if you breach or violate these terms of use or the privacy policy, or use any o’reilly content for a purpose not explicitly authorized by o’reilly in these terms of use, you will release, defend, indemnify, and hold harmless o’reilly and the indemnified parties (defined below) from responsibility for such breaches and violations. you agree that o’reilly and the indemnified parties will have no liability for any resulting losses, damages, judgments, awards, costs, expenses, and attorney’s fees in connection with such breach or unauthorized use, and you will release, defend, indemnify and hold harmless o’reilly and the indemnified parties from the same. you also release, defend, indemnify and hold harmless o’reilly and the indemnified parties from any liability pertaining to claims brought by third parties that result from your breach, violation, or unauthorized use of o’reilly’s website and content. “indemnified parties” includes o’reilly, and any parent company, subsidiaries, and affiliates thereof, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, employees, agents, representatives, subcontractors, successors, and assigns. choice of law and jurisdictionthese terms of use will be governed and interpreted according to the laws of the state of missouri, in the united states of america, without giving effect to its conflict of law principles. in the case of a legal dispute concerning these terms of use, the use of o’reilly’s website, or other legal matter, you consent to venue in a court of competent jurisdiction within the geographic boundary of greene county in the state of missouri. securityyour password for o’reilly’s website is for your use only. you are responsible for keeping your password safe, secure, and updated regularly. o’reilly will not monitor or protect your password, and you may be required to change it if o’reilly suspects the security of its website has been compromised. you must use a password that o’reilly deems secure and change it periodically, or o’reilly reserves the right to terminate your account. the use of tools or programs designed to compromise o’reilly’s website security (password breaking software, hacking tools, or unwanted probes) is strictly prohibited. by using o’reilly’s website, you agree to take the appropriate actions to maximize the security of your own account information, as well as cooperate with o’reilly employees and security staff if a breach of security is discovered. you are prohibited from compromising security, tampering with system resources, or willingly releasing account details to unauthorized parties. o’reilly reserves the right to investigate any violation or breach of security by releasing personal details to system administrators or legal authorities in order to resolve security incidents.in the case of a court or administrative agency order or other legal inquiry, o’reilly reserves the right to comply and cooperate with law enforcement and satisfy such requests for user information. if requested for legal purposes, o’reilly may disclose such information as names, user account details, messages, or any proof of violation of o’reilly’s terms of use. by using o’reilly websites, you release o’reilly and the indemnified parties from any liability for losses or damages resulting from o’reilly’s compliance with such orders or inquiries, which are taken as a consequence of your activity on its website. tracking information legal restrictionso’reilly may provide you with tracking information obtained through various shipping services for the purpose of tracking orders mailed to you from its website. any package tracking system and tracking information obtained through this service are the sole property of the third party’s respective services. you will not use these tracking systems for purposes not permitted by these terms of use. any unauthorized use of these services, other than to track shipments to you, will be considered a violation of these terms of use. you will not publish, distribute, copy, store, use, or sell such tracking information for commercial gain without the express consent of the applicable shipper(s). the respective tracking systems are provided as a service, and any access or use of these systems that violates these terms of use is strictly prohibited. termination or restriction of accessif you violate any of o’reilly’s terms of use, o’reilly may at any time, and without notice, terminate or restrict your access to its website and services. assignability o’reilly reserves the right to assign these terms of use in part or in full to any affiliate or successor of o’reilly. you may not assign your rights and obligations described in these terms of use without prior, written consent from o’reilly. severability if any provision, in part or in full, of these terms of use is determined to be void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these terms of use shall not be affected. all remaining provisions shall remain binding, and in full force and effect. disputes(a) disputes and claims. if any dispute or claim of any type arises between us with regard to your use of the o’reilly website or any products or services sold or distributed through the website, the dispute or claim will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than through the courts. the exception to this requirement is described in subparagraph (e) below. in arbitration, there is no judge or jury. the arbitrator, however, can award damages just as a judge or jury can.(b) arbitration procedures. any arbitration proceeding will be administered by a neutral arbitrator who is a member of or affiliated with the american arbitration association (aaa), in accordance with its then current rules and procedures pertaining to consumer disputes. we will jointly select a single arbitrator, but if we cannot agree on the selection of an arbitrator, the aaa will designate the arbitrator for us. the arbitrator may conduct the arbitration by teleconference or videoconference. if the arbitrator deems it necessary to conduct the arbitration in person, the arbitration will be held at a location which is mutually agreeable to us. in the event we can’t agree on a location, the arbitrator shall choose a location, taking into account the cost and ability to travel of the parties. (c) arbitration fees and incentives. the aaa rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. o’reilly will not seek its attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.(d) no class actions. we agree that all disputes between us will be resolved on an individual basis, and you may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed.(e) exceptions to agreement to arbitrate. either you or o’reilly may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in springfield, missouri or in any united states county or parish where you live or work. either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the site, or intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in the arbitration described above.(f) you understand, by agreeing to arbitrate all disputes and claims as set forth above, that you are waiving your right to resolve your dispute or claim through other available dispute resolution processes, including court actions or administrative proceedings. you understand and agree that you are also waiving your right to a trial by jury and, pursuant to subparagraph (d) above, your right to participate in any class arbitrations, actions , or consolidated or representative arbitrations of any kind.(g) governing law. the federal arbitration act and applicable federal law will govern this agreement to arbitrate. except for the provision relating to the waiver of class and representative actions, if a court decides that any part of this agreement to arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this agreement to arbitrate shall remain in effect. if any court finds the provision relating to the waiver of class and representative actions to be invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this section regarding disputes shall not apply. privacy statementfor more information on o’reilly’s privacy practices and policies, please see the company’s privacy statement. orderingat the time you place your order, our system will validate the credit card information you provided and verify that funds are available in your account. if the information you provided during checkout fails to coincide with the information on file for the credit card you used, our security system will deny your order. if the information you provided is accurate, your credit card will be charged for the full amount of your order on the day that your order is shipped. shipping and deliveryall delivery dates provided by o’reilly are based upon the package size and weight of the order, and are estimates only. o’reilly cannot guarantee the speed or accuracy of delivery dates provided by any of its commonly used shipping partners. o’reilly is also not responsible for the security of deliveries that are missing or stolen from the delivery location. deliveries become the sole responsibility of the customer once the order has reached the address indicated in the tracking information. o’reilly does not guarantee that your order will be replaced or refunded in the event of a lost or stolen package. pricingo’reilly does not provide a price match or low price guarantee when you make a purchase from our online store. because actual pricing and sales tax costs vary from location to location, o’reilly also does not guarantee the actual pricing for products sold at any of our stores. your final total for purchases that you make online, or at any of our retail locations, may not reflect the same dollar amount that you would pay at another one of our stores. clearance and promotional itemsclearance prices are only good while supplies last, and are provided on a first come, first served basis. o’reilly does not offer back orders or rain checks on clearance items. our stores are not able to order, restock, or transfer in any clearance items, and o’reilly does not substitute any other items for a clearance-priced item. other sales, discounts, or promotional codes will not be applied to clearance pricing, and o’reilly does not offer large quantity discounts. clearance items are not eligible for, or count toward, any shipping promotions or discounts, even when combined with other items in your order. o’reilly does not ship any clearance item, part, or product to another store. all sales for clearance items are final, and clearance items are sold “as is.” clearance items cannot be returned or refunded. o’reilly does not guarantee that the quantity of clearance items you order will be shipped. all quantities shown for clearance items are estimates, and if o’reilly does not have the quantities you request when your order is processed, you will receive the quantities available to ship. gift cardsyour card is redeemable solely at o’reilly auto parts stores in the united states. your card is not redeemable for cash or credit, unless required by law. you should protect your gift card like cash. your gift card is not a credit or debit card and has no implied warranties. depending on the state of issuance, o’reilly automotive stores, inc. or o’reilly auto enterprises, llc, is the sole issuer of your card, and the sole obligor to the card owner. the issuer of the gift card may assign its rights and duties as issuer in their entirety to any affiliate or other issuer without recourse or consent of the gift card owner. if assigned, the issuer shall have no obligation to the gift card owner, and the new issuer will be the sole obligor. the issuer is not responsible or liable for lost, stolen, or damaged cards, or for cards used without your permission except as required by law. purchase, acceptance, or use of your card constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions, which are subject to change without notice to the fullest extent permitted by law. privacy policy o’reilly automotive stores, inc. and its affiliates and related entities (collectively referred to as “o’reilly”) value and respect the privacy of all customers and other visitors to our stores, warehouses, and distribution centers, as well as our websites and other online platforms.this privacy policy describes how our company collects, uses, shares, and protects information from, and about, our customers and other visitors.this document discusses the choices you have about the use of the information you share with us, along with other important privacy disclosures, such as how o’reilly may update the privacy policy and how you can contact us with any questions, concerns, and comments regarding this document and our privacy practices. about this privacy policythis privacy policy describes the privacy practices of o’reilly and applies to the oreillyauto.com, partscityauto.com, and o’rewards.com websites owned or operated by o’reilly, as well as the information we collect from o’reilly stores and sales events. in addition, each of o’reilly’s aforementioned websites may also have privacy policies unique to them. if one of our affiliates’ websites contains its own privacy policy, that policy should be followed before adhering to this privacy policy. this privacy policy describes the types of information we collect for business purposes, discusses how we collect, use, and share information to meet our customers’ needs, and explains your rights and responsibilities related to the security of your personal information.this document will be available to read and download in the footer section of the oreillyauto.com, partscityauto.com, and o’rewards.com websites. if you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or our company’s privacy practices, please contact us using the information provided at the end of this document. where o’reilly gets personal informationo’reilly may collect information from one or more of the following sources: you your electronic devices and technology other third party sources you may share information with us in a form or online field when you create accounts on our websites, when you visit one of our stores, or when you sign up for one of our email lists to receive updates on our products and services. your browser may also record pieces of information when you visit one of our websites. we may receive information from other sources, as well, to help us personalize your shopping experience and protect you, and our company, from fraudulent activities. we strive to collect only the information necessary to support our business and provide you with unmatched automotive products and services. subsequent sections of this privacy policy will provide more detail about each of the ways you may provide information to us. information you provide we may collect information from you in the following ways: payment information from credit, debit, and gift cards, as well as personal and business checks, such as your name, address, and bank account number, for processing payments background information from an o’reilly commercial credit account application usernames, passwords, and contact information from o’reilly online accounts details from o’rewards®, sweepstakes, contests, and other promotional programs tool rentals quote requests warranty purchases product returns and rebates if you are a retail customer, we do not store your credit card number. we use this information only to process individual transactions. if you are a professional customer, we store a token that allows us to process multiple transactions.personal and business checkswhen you pay with a personal or business check at one of our retail locations, we will check your name, address, and other personally identifiable information, and then confirm that these details match your state-issued id, such as a driver’s license or permit. your driver’s license or permit number will be recorded on your personal and business check for verification and security purposes. commercial credit account applicationswhen you fill out an application for a commercial credit account, we will ask for some personally identifiable information in order to process your application. we may request your name, address, phone number, and the length of time you have lived at your current residence. we may also ask for your social security number for verification purposes, but disclosing this information is optional. if provided, your social security number will be secured in our electronic system. your credit history will be validated using third party software. a determination of credit will be made by our internal credit department once your application has been processed. we have no liability or responsibility for the security of information processed using third party software. information received through technology you may also provide information to us through your electronic devices. o’reilly uses technology to provide online customer support and data to improve or customize your shopping experience. these technologies help us track and analyze shopping trends, administer and update our websites, and review user activity to improve our performance. this information helps us understand your needs and suggest products and services relevant to you. log files o’reilly gathers certain online and device information automatically and stores it in log files. this information may include your ip address, browser type, internet service provider, and operating system, as well as landing and exit pages, date and time stamps, and clickstream data.cookies o’reilly uses cookies to track your shopping cart, remember your user settings, develop targeted marketing messages, and authenticate your account when you sign in. cookies accomplish this by retaining your information from previous website visits and suggesting products and services as you browse and return to our websites. you can control or disable the use of cookies within your browser. you can still use our websites if you disable cookies, but you may lose some features, or some sections of our websites may have limited functionality.web beaconsweb beacons let us know if you visited a certain page on a website, opened a marketing email, or clicked on an advertisement. tracking this information helps us understand which content is personally engaging and most relevant to you.geographic locationby mapping your gps location on your mobile device, we can help you find the nearest o’reilly store or distribution center and send this information directly to your phone or tablet“do not track” featuresome browsers have a “do not track” feature that prevents your activities from being recorded. o’reilly’s websites are not designed to respond to “do not track” requests from browsers. information received from third party sourceswe may receive information about you from third party sources to help us correct or enhance our records and protect our business. we may inquire into your background if there is a potential financial risk for o’reilly. for example, when you apply for a commercial credit account at one of our stores, we may collect personal information and perform a credit history check using third party software in order to make a decision regarding the issuance of credit. any information we receive in this manner will be kept confidential and only used for the previously stated legitimate business purposes. we may also use third-party web analytics services—like google analytics—in our online services. these service providers help us analyze how users navigate our online services. information collected as a part of google analytics is automatically sent to google, and google may use cookies to help with the analysis. google analytics may provide demographic, interest-related, geographical and referral information that o’reilly may use to better understand our customer base. session user id tracking and stitching may also be used to further understand how our users access our websites from different devices. to learn more about google analytics or download an opt-out browser add-on, please click here. how o’reilly uses information your information helps us personalize products and services to meet your needs. we only use your personal information to support and further o’reilly’s business functions, such as filling your orders, preventing fraud, creating targeted marketing efforts, and complying with legal requirements.o’reilly uses information in the following ways: fulfilling and communicating with you about your orders or requests processing refunds, returns, and exchanges registering and servicing accounts administering contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys personalizing our service offerings, websites, and advertisements improving your experience in our stores and on our websites managing your o’rewards® account processing commercial credit account applications how o’reilly shares informationo’reilly will never sell, rent, trade, or collect payment for sharing your personal information with third parties. we primarily share your information with third parties to perform the following services on your behalf: fulfilling your orders and mailing packages to your location maintaining your o’rewards® account sending marketing communications and promotions relevant to you conducting research and analysis to improve our services and products performing background checks for commercial credit account applications we will share your personal information if we are required to do so by law or judicial or administrative order. we may also share information with appropriate authorities if we deem it necessary to protect o’reilly employees, customers, stakeholders, and other related parties, or if we become aware of a violation of law. if o’reilly acquires or merges with another company, we may share information as necessary to facilitate this process. we will update this privacy policy to advise customers of any acquisition or merger that influences or changes this policy. your information may also be shared among o’reilly’s affiliates for business purposes. your california privacy rights our privacy policy describes the way we collect and use your personally identifiable information. in addition, if you are a customer and a california resident, then under california civil code section 1798.83, you also have the right to request that we provide you certain information about any third parties or corporate affiliates with which we have shared your personal information for direct marketing purposes. you may request this information once per calendar year by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this privacy policy. please allow thirty (30) days for a response. your privacy preferencesyou may at any time change one or more of the following privacy preferences: update your personal information subscribe or unsubscribe from marketing and promotional emails/text messages deactivate your account request removal of your information from our digital properties (if we are unable to fulfill this request, we will notify you as soon as possible) to ensure that we have the most recent information available, we recommend that you update your digital profiles with o’reilly whenever your information changes. you can keep your information current by taking the following actions: follow instructions included in o’reilly emails, marketing blasts and text messages sign in or register for an online account and make sure we have the most recent contact information on file for you contact us directly by phone or email and provide your most recent mailing address, phone number, and email address o’reilly text alerts: our alerts provide promotional offers and specials as well as send transactional messaging to text subscribers. for recurring messages, text help for help or stop to stop messages to 64078. the following carriers are supported: verizon wireless®, at&t®, sprint®, tmobile® , boost®, virgin mobile usa® & metro pcs®. t-mobile® is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. we can help you keep your information safe on o’reilly’s websites, but we cannot guarantee complete removal of your content and personal information from the internet. how o’reilly keeps your personal information securewhether you are shopping using our websites, mobile services, or physical stores, our associates utilize security measures to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information. these measures may include security access controls, information security technologies and policies, information disposal procedures, and participation in security training programs. the following are examples of security measures we use to protect your personal information: passwords to control access to your online account and help protect your information (please keep all of your online passwords confidential) encryption technology to help protect your payment information during transport across the internet (look for “https” or the image of a closed lock or solid key in the url field of your browser window) monitoring policies and security systems to prevent unauthorized access to locations where confidential information might be stored unfortunately, even the best security measures cannot protect information from all unauthorized access. while we take the security of your personal information very seriously and have safeguards in place to protect it, o’reilly cannot be responsible for any damages you incur which are associated with sharing personally identifiable information with o’reilly. social media links and widgetso’reilly’s websites may provide links and widgets to interact with facebook, twitter, and other social media sites. these features may collect your ip address or set cookies in your browser to allow certain features to function properly. they may also be hosted by a third party or directly on our websites. if you choose to post to social media or widgets through our websites, your activities may be under the jurisdiction of the respective social media sites you use and subject to their respective privacy and security policies. o’reilly cannot guarantee the security of information shared through social media links and widgets. please review the following paragraph for further information about the use of third party links.third party links in addition to social media links and widgets, you may also find links to websites of o’reilly’s partners, vendors, or advertisers. we do not endorse or have control over the security of third party websites. when you follow a link to a third party website and access external content, you agree to the respective privacy and security policies of the websites you visit. o’reilly cannot be responsible for the ways in which other companies handle personal information. we recommend you review the privacy policies of each website you visit and stay informed of how your personal information is treated and used online. protecting children’s privacywe do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information of individuals under the age of 13. if you believe your child has provided personal information to us in contravention of this policy, please contact us at the address provided at the end of this privacy policy, and we will cooperate with you to remove the information from our system. data retention o’reilly will retain your information in order to provide you with the best products and services. we may also retain and use your information to fulfill legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. if you would like to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with products and services, please contact us as soon as possible at the address provided at the end of this privacy policy. audio and video monitoringo’reilly reserves the right to install and monitor security devices in any of our physical stores, distribution centers, corporate offices, and other locations, for the safety of our business, employees, and customers. we also reserve the right to record and monitor phone calls to improve our customer service and security policies, and to train new employees. privacy policy updateso’reilly may update this privacy policy at any time, at our sole discretion. you should check this privacy policy periodically for relevant updates. we may post a notice on our website prior to these changes taking effect, but you will always find the dates of publication and revision posted as part of this privacy policy. you should be mindful of any updates or modifications to this privacy policy and learn more about how these changes may affect the use of your personally identifiable information as a result. california transparency in supply chains act of 2010 california's transparency in supply chains act of 2010 requires retailers and manufacturers doing business in california to disclose efforts taken to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from their direct supply chains for tangible goods offered for sale, giving consumers additional criteria to make buying decisions.o'reilly considers its reputation for integrity and fairness to be one of its most valuable assets. o’reilly seeks to outperform its competition fairly and honestly and never through unethical or illegal business practices. o'reilly expects its team members and supply chain vendors to comply in all respects with applicable laws and regulations in each governing jurisdiction that it does business. supply chain vendors execute master supplier agreements ("agreements") with o'reilly in which they take the following actions: warrant o’reilly’s products do not violate any laws, ordinances, statutes, rules, or regulations, which include compliance with laws respecting the eradication of slavery and human trafficking acknowledge that slavery and human trafficking is not involved in the manufacture or sale of o’reilly’s products acknowledge that o'reilly supports the eradication of slavery and human trafficking from supply chains and seeks to partner with supplier partners who share the same policies and practices conduct an annual or semi-annual audit on o’reilly’s products in order to regularly confirm that slavery and human trafficking does not play a part in the manufacture or sale of these products these agreements create an affirmative obligation on the part of o’reilly’s supply chain vendors to promptly provide notice of violation of any such laws, ordinances, statutes, rules, or regulations. the agreements also require o’reilly’s supply chain vendors to be accountable for any violations of law by providing the company indemnification for violations relating to its products. agreements and certifications are updated on a periodic basis.o'reilly expects its supply chain vendors to conduct their relationship with the company consistent with the o'reilly code of business conduct and ethics ("code"), and company supply chain team members annually confirm their understanding of that code. team members may report violations of the code through anonymous reporting to an independent third party. o'reilly has communicated to its supply chain vendors that the company supports efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from supply chains, and their acknowledgment that their products are not manufactured and supplied in a manner inconsistent with those efforts. annual training has been implemented for internal employees with direct responsibility for supply chain management. o'reilly reserves the right to make periodic, unannounced audits of its supply chain vendors' facilities for compliance with the requirements of these agreements, including compliance with laws, ordinances, statutes, rules, and regulations. o’reilly reserves the right to remove supply chain vendors from the supply chain for non-compliance with these agreements. o'reilly does not utilize a third party for verification or unannounced audits at this time, but reserves the right to do so in the future.o'reilly does not manufacture any products sold in the company's retail locations. for more information about the slavery and human trafficking eradication policies of o’reilly’s branded-label supply chains, please visit their respective websites. how to contact o’reillyif you have any questions about o’reilly’s terms of use, please contact us.phone: (417) 829-5727e-mail: support@oreillyauto.comaddress: o’reilly automotive233 south patterson avenuespringfield, mo 65802 last updated: june 8, 2017 connect connect with o'reilly professional parts people explore jobs connect with o'reilly email address sign up enchance your email experience by providing your zip code for area specific offers. thank you for signing up. you should expect to start receiving emails shortly. find a store check your order status contact your local store click here to find a store. check order status check the status of your order. o'rewards learn more about our loyalty program. find a repair shop find an automotive service professional near you. about us careers company overview investor relations newsroom legal policies site directory resources find a store current ad store services list of brands for the professional jobber program find a repair shop motorsports & events coupons & promotions videos diy hub customer service contact us faqs my account gift cards rebates returns & exchanges special orders shipping & delivery warranties sds professional catalogs professional parts people privacy ca transparency in supply chain act copyright © 2008-2019 o’reilly auto parts v ost_3.1.0.0.234 (8) cv1222 catalog_main privacy ca transparency in supply chain act