来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241229055111/https://www.oreillyauto.com/warranty
================================================================================

auto parts limited warranty | o'reilly auto parts sorry, you're using a web browser that is no longer supported. for the best experience please upgrade or visit the site on another browser. skip to content 15% off $75+ use code: dec15 online, ship to home only. see details. free shipping on most orders of $35+ & free pickup in store find a repair shop current ad shopping list 15% off $75+ use code: dec15 online, ship to home only. see details. menu close o'reilly auto parts o'reilly auto parts o'reilly auto parts cart cart | 0 0 close types of warranties 1) limited warranty 2) battery warranty 3) air conditioning warranty 4) fuel pump warranty 5) tools & equipment warranty 6) chemicals warranty 7) remanufactured engine, cylinder head, and differential warranty 8) remanufactured transmission and transfer case warranty o’reilly auto parts’ warranty information this warranties with o’reilly auto parts page is available to view in spanish. (garantías de o'reilly auto parts en español) customer satisfaction is our top priority. at o’reilly auto parts we offer limited warranties on any products purchased from us. if your product is defective and covered by warranty, you may return it to any o’reilly auto parts store for a replacement, repair, or refund. you must have the original sales receipt to be eligible for warranty service. if purchased online, you can visit oreillyauto.com; click the “my account” link, and follow the on-line instructions for warranty returns. all warranties are based on the terms of service provided below. 1) limited warranty 1.1) customer information 1.2) warranty period 1.3) coverage 1.4) not covered 1.5) service options 1.6) state law 2) battery limited warranty 2.1) warranty period 2.2) coverage 2.3) not covered 2.4) service options 3) air conditioning warranty 4) fuel pump warranty 5) tools & equipment warranty 6) chemicals warranty 7) remanufactured engine, cylinder head, and differential warranty 8) remanufactured transmission and transfer case warranty 1) limited warranty o’reilly auto parts offers a limited warranty on defects in materials and workmanship for any product purchased from o’reilly auto parts including, but not limited to: hardware, vehicle parts, or accessories, as supplied by the manufacturer, which is non-transferable, and made only to the original purchaser. most of o’reilly auto parts’ products are covered by this limited warranty, however, some exceptions may apply. this limited warranty begins when you purchase the product and lasts for the length of time described in the product’s warranty. the warranty period may also vary depending on the product. 1.1) customer information once you have provided o’reilly auto parts with the required customer information, your warranty details are entered into the o’reilly auto parts national warranty database. please keep all original sales receipts to be eligible for warranty service and product replacement. 1.2) warranty period your warranty period begins on the date of purchase. we offer a one-year part replacement warranty unless otherwise stated on your receipt. commercial vehicles - any product which is used or installed on a commercial vehicle shall have a warranty period of 90 days after the date of product purchase. if your receipt states limited lifetime warranty, we will warranty the original part as long as you own the vehicle on which the part was originally installed. to determine how long your limited warranty lasts, and because the warranty period may vary from product to product, please refer to your sales receipt or the product on our website at oreillyauto.com. coverage terminates, including any and all implied warranties such as the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, at the end of the applicable warranty period or earlier if you sell or otherwise transfer ownership of your vehicle on which the product was installed. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. check your state’s laws regarding implied warranty statutes. if a product is replaced under this warranty (“defective product”), a replacement product will be covered for 90 days from the date of exchange, or for the remainder of the warranty period, whichever is greater. this warranty for installed vehicle parts shall terminate immediately if you sell or otherwise transfer ownership of the vehicle that had the defective product installed, or if you install or use the replacement product on another vehicle. 1.3) limited warranty coverage the limited warranty covers any product that is purchased from o’reilly auto parts which fails due to a defect in materials or workmanship as long as the product is used normally and in accordance with the purposes it was designed for. this limited warranty is valid only if you are the original purchaser of the product and may not be transferred. the limited warranty is subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions provided below. 1.4) not covered by limited warranty this limited warranty does not extend to any product that fails due to: (i) accident or collision (ii) improper use, installation, maintenance, or service (iii) use of the product with other third-party product(s) which fail (iv) abuse, misuse, modification, or neglect of the product (v) failure to follow directions on proper use or installation (vi) flood, chemical fallout, salt, hail, or other environment conditions including natural disasters (vii) installation or use on vehicles used for powersports, off-road, or racing purposes where such product is not intended for these applications (viii) installation or use on vehicles used for marine purposes where such product is not intended for marine use this limited warranty does not cover labor, towing, or rental car charges, which are the sole responsibility of the purchaser. this limited warranty does not cover incidental, consequential, indirect, or special damages. this limited warranty represents the total liability of o’reilly auto parts for any product to which it applies. o’reilly auto parts makes no other warranties or representations of any kind whatsoever, expressed or implied, and all implied warranties including any warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are hereby disclaimed. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation or incidental or consequential damages or the disclaimer or implied warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. 1.5) limited warranty service options if you need to return a product under warranty, please take it into any o’reilly auto parts location or return it following the process described below.in order to be eligible for service under this limited warranty, you must return the product along with the original sales receipt to any o’reilly auto parts store, and at our option, we will either replace the product or provide a refund. if purchased online, you can visit oreillyauto.com; click the “my account” link, and follow the online instructions for warranty returns. at our option, we will either replace any defective or malfunctioning product at no charge or provide a refund instead of replacing the product. if a product is replaced under this warranty, we will warranty the replacement product as well, subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions contained in this policy. 1.6) state law this limited warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. check your local laws for clarification on your rights as a consumer. 2) battery warranty the warranty begins on the date of purchase and expires at the end of the warranty period stated on the receipt. should the battery fail during the free replacement period, o'reilly auto parts will replace it at no cost to the original purchaser. any battery that fails as a result of misuse, abuse, low fluid level, freezing, improper installation, or other faulty parts causing damage to the battery are not covered by this warranty. super start battery warranty: national warranty 2.1) limited battery warranty this limited warranty is extended to you, the original purchaser, and not to anyone who may purchase your vehicle from you during the term of the warranty. this limited warranty is extended by super start batteries exclusively. this warranty is not a warranty of automotive business solutions, inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, their employees or member companies. automotive business solutions inc. serves as the administrator only. this limited warranty is not a full warranty. only the warranty that is expressly granted below is extended to you. super start batteries disclaims all other warranties expressed or implied including but not limited to: the implied warranties of merchantability fitness for a particular purpose 2.2) battery limited warranty coverage batteries eligible to be covered by this limited warranty are warranted to the original purchaser from the date of sale for the stated period shown at place of purchase or as advertised. should the battery fail within the free replacement period due to a defect in materials and/or workmanship (not merely discharged), it will be replaced with the same model battery free of charge. if the same model battery is not available, it will be replaced with a like kind and quality battery. battery replacement is available only to the original owner are based on the actual number of months of service delivered by the battery to be replaced. (a portion of any one month is considered a whole month). 2.3) not covered by battery limited warranty this warranty does not apply to: (i) discharged batteries that can be recharged and returned to service (ii) labor costs for battery removal and installation (iii) labor costs for other damage or repair caused by the battery (iv) batteries that have been opened, frozen, or damaged due to neglect or abuse (v) batteries damaged by fire, wreckage, accidents, or explosion (vi) batteries with electrolyte other than that recommended by factory or with a “dope” or additive (vii) batteries that fail as a result of a faulty electrical system (viii) batteries of an electrical size smaller than the one specified by the vehicle manufacturer (ix) batteries used in applications for which they were not designed (x) batteries installed and/or charged incorrectly the warranty does not cover failures that occur outside the united states, canada, or puerto rico. service calls, towing, loss of time, inconvenience, and loss of use of the vehicle, lost wages, lost profits, or any other consequential or incidental damages which are hereby specifically excluded from this warranty. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. this warranty provides you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights, which vary from state to state. unless otherwise precluded by law, this limited warranty shall require no more than the replacement of the subject battery free. 2.4) battery limited warranty service options you must keep a copy of the original purchase invoice and present it, along with the battery, when seeking a replacement battery under this warranty. if you are less than 25 miles away from the original place of purchase, you must return the battery to that place of purchase for any warranty service. if you are more than 25 miles from the original place of purchase, then you must call the warranty administration office prior to any warranty service being performed. the warranty administration office will provide to you the nearest participating facility. warranty administration office 1-866-830-4351 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. est monday-friday 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. est saturday excluding holidays if there are no participating locations in your area, you may take your vehicle to a non-participating facility in your area. if the non-participating facility will not accept payment from the warranty administrator, you must pay for the warranty service and submit your original repair invoice (or legible copy) to the administrator for review within 60 days of the date of service or replacement. 3) air conditioning warranty new a/c compressors in order to qualify for the available limited lifetime warranty on the compressor, both the manufacturer and o'reilly auto parts require the receiver drier or accumulator and expansion valve or orifice tube be replaced at the time the compressor is installed, as well as the a/c system flushed or an in-line filter installed by a licensed a/c technician and repair facility. we require proof of purchase of the above referenced items and service, without this documentation our compressors carry no warranty. remanufactured a/c compressors in order to qualify for the available two-year limited warranty on the compressor, both the manufacturer and o'reilly auto parts require the receiver drier or accumulator and expansion valve or orifice tube be replaced at the time the compressor is installed, as well as the a/c system flushed or an in-line filter installed by a licensed a/c technician and repair facility. we require proof of purchase of the above referenced items and service, without this documentation our compressors carry no warranty. 4) fuel pump warranty fuel pumps carry a limited lifetime warranty when the fuel filter and strainer, if applicable, are replaced with the pump. in order to validate the warranty, o'reilly auto parts and the pump manufacturer(s) require proof of purchase and installation of the filter and strainer, without this documentation our fuel pumps carry no warranty. 5) tools & equipment warranty o'reilly auto parts will pass on the manufacturer's warranty on tools and equipment. many items carry a repair warranty for a limited time. items returned for repair must be accompanied by the original purchase receipt and are subject to inspection prior to repairs. items returned for repair will be handled on a first-come, first-served basis. shipping and handling expenses are the sole responsibility of the consumer and are not covered under the manufacturer's warranty. certain repair costs may be the responsibility of the consumer. in such event, o'reilly auto parts will notify the consumer of the estimated repair costs prior to making such repairs. 6) chemicals warranty o'reilly auto parts makes no guarantee, assurances of performance, or warranty of any chemical products offered, including, but not limited to: paints, sealers, wax, lubricants, additives, distillates, detergents, degreasers, cleaners and conditioners. 7) remanufactured engine, cylinder head, and differential warranty power torque remanufactured engine and cylinder head limited warranty o’reilly auto parts warrants to the original purchaser that it will, at its sole option, repair, replace or refund the purchase price of any remanufactured long block engine found by the manufacturer to be defective in materials or workmanship during the warranty term. conditions to coverage: 1. purchaser agrees to install new “required replacement parts” with the engine. required replacement parts include: all engine filters, spark plugs, pcv valve, engine coolant, all engine drive belt(s) and hoses, oil pump pickup screen, oil pump drive shaft, water pump, and thermostat. proof of purchase and installation of all “required replacement parts” is required for this limited warranty to be valid. 2. if an engine is installed by a licensed repair facility, only proof of installation is required to validate this warranty. a licensed repair facility is any repair facility, otherwise properly licensed by state and local governmental entities which maintains valid ase certification. 3. authorization to repair. purchaser must report all warranty concerns to the manufacturer at 1-866-564-8943 immediately. failure to report a warranty condition and receive authorization from the manufacturer or o’reilly auto parts for repairs or removal of the engine shall result in this warranty being voided. engines sold after jan 1. 2021 all customers that purchase a qualifying power torque gasoline engine will be entitled to one no-charge replacement engine and labor reimbursement ($50 per hour labor rate for a professional licensed repair facility). retail purchases will be entitled to the same coverage provided the original installation was performed by a licensed repair facility (proof of installation will be required). all repairs must have prior authorization from the power torque product support team and an open warranty claim. please see policy details for exclusions. this warranty is limited to defects in materials and workmanship as supplied by the manufacturer and is in no way an unconditional guarantee against all failures or hazards. this limited warranty is the only express warranty made by o’reilly auto parts with respect to the manufacturer’s engine. any implied warranty, including but not limited to, the implied warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are hereby disclaimed. o’reilly auto parts shall not be liable for incidental or consequential damages directly or indirectly associated with use, failure, or alleged failure of the product. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts or exclusions and limitations of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you. this limited warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may have other rights that vary from state to state. this limited warranty does not provide reimbursement for incidental, consequential, special or exemplary damages, including but not limited to: 1. loss of time, income, sales or profits 2. towing, lift, dock or storage 3. rental vehicle 4. phone calls or communication expense 5. tune up or regularly-scheduled maintenance 6. motel or lodging 7. injury or death to person(s) or property damage or destruction products repaired or replaced under warranty shall carry the remainder of the original warranty term or 90 days, whichever is longer. owner’s obligation: upon initial startup, valves must be adjusted to original manufacturer’s specifications, if applicable. cylinder head re-torque may be required, refer to factory repair manual for specific applications of vehicle makes and models. 500 mile first service: engine oil must be changed at first 500 miles after installation and at original manufacturer’s suggested maintenance intervals thereafter. proof of first 500-mile service is required for claims under this limited warranty. for complete warranty details, view the full power torque warranty terms, exceptions, and specific warranty conditions for various engine types, cylinder heads, and differentials. to register your power torque product warranty, you may fill out the necessary warranty information at mycarcare.com. you can also submit warranty claims at mycarcare.com, or by calling 1-866-564-8943. 8) remanufactured transmission and transfer case warranty power torque® remanufactured transmission and transfer case limited warranty o’reilly auto parts warrants to the original purchaser that it will, at its sole option, repair or replace units that o’reilly determines to be defective in materials or workmanship for a period of 3 years from the original date of sale. transmissions and transfer cases for commercial applications purchased prior to april 1st, 2020 qualify for 18-month/100,000-mile coverage. vehicles that have been modified outside of factory specifications or otherwise misrepresented upon purchase are void of warranty. this warranty is attached to the vin at the original date of sale and is transferable to future vehicle owners. warranty concerns shall be addressed to power torque at 855-870-9694. o’reilly auto parts reserves the right to request a copy of the original repair order before a warranty claim is authorized. all warranty claims and authorization to repair must have approval from o’reilly auto parts before any warranty work is performed. failure to report a warranty condition and receive authorization from the manufacturer or o’reilly auto parts for repairs or removal of the transmission or transfer case shall result in this warranty being voided. the power torque limited product warranty will end at the expiration of time from the date of the original installation. no repair or replacement will extend the warranty beyond the original period. failed units must be returned to the o’reilly auto parts for inspection within 30 days. failure to do so will result in a denied warranty claim. to return a failed unit, please call power torque at 855-870-9694. labor allowances will be limited to labor time as determined by mitchell on-demand labor guide at a rate of $50 per hour for a professionally-licensed repair facility (proof of installation will be required). retail purchases will be entitled to the same coverage provided the original installation and warranty repair and/or replacement was performed by a licensed repair facility (proof of installation will be required). please see policy details for exclusions. labor payments will only be made upon receipt of the defective unit by o’reilly auto parts after an inspection and determination that it is covered by this warranty. labor payments will not be made as a result of installation error. a repair order or detailed invoice must also be presented to o’reilly auto parts this warranty is limited to defects in materials and workmanship as supplied by the manufacturer and is in no way an unconditional guarantee against all failures or hazards. this limited warranty is the only express warranty made by o’reilly auto parts with respect to the manufacturer’s transmission or transfer case. any implied warranty, including but not limited to the implied warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, are hereby disclaimed. o’reilly auto parts shall not be liable for incidental or consequential damages directly or indirectly associated with use, failure, or alleged failure of the product. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts or exclusions and limitations of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you. this limited warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may have other rights that vary from state to state. this limited warranty does not provide reimbursement for incidental, consequential, special or exemplary damages, including but not limited to: 1. loss of time, income, sales or profits, loss of use of the vehicle, storage fees 2. diagnostic time without prior approval or fluids (unless purchased from o’reilly auto parts on the original invoice). 3. towing, lift, dock or storage 4. rental vehicle or transportation charges 5. phone calls or communication expense 6. tune-up or regularly-scheduled maintenance 7. motel or lodging 8. injury or death to person(s) or property damage or destruction 9. in no event shall o’reilly auto parts be liable for any amount of money beyond the original sale price of the transmission or transfer case to the purchaser plus the appropriate labor allowance as specified in #6. 10. the power torque product warranty will only be honored within the continental united states, canada, and puerto rico. 11. products repaired or replaced under warranty shall carry the remainder of the original warranty term or 90 days, whichever is longer 12. o’reilly auto parts reserves the right to charge back the cost of the unit, shipping, or labor charges should it be determined that the failure was caused by improper installation, abuse, misuse, lack of maintenance, neglect, accident(s), vandalism, or any other condition not covered by this warranty. 13. this warranty and any claim related to or arising out of this warranty shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of wisconsin (without giving regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof). no such claim shall be commenced, prosecuted, or continued in any forum other than the state or federal courts located in the city of and county of milwaukee. 14. this warranty supersedes all other warranties, either expressed or implied, including any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and there are no other warranties beyond the description contained herein. links connect connect with o'reilly professional parts people ® explore jobs connect with o'reilly email: sign up zip: enhance your email experience by providing your zip code for area specific offers. thank you for signing up. you should expect to start receiving emails shortly. find a store check your order status contact your local store click here to find a store . check order status check the status of your order . o'rewards learn more about our loyalty program . find a repair shop find an automotive service professional near you . about us careers company overview investor relations newsroom legal policies site directory sustainability community relations o'reilly mx resources find a store current ad store services list of brands for the professional jobber program find a repair shop coupons & promotions videos how to hub customer service contact us faqs account dashboard gift cards rebates returns & exchanges special orders shipping & delivery warranties sds professional catalogs professional parts people ® copyright © 2008-2024 o’reilly auto parts v bb8769cd3 (gxc74) cv1534