来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111227235205/http://www.overtons.com/policies/terms_conditions.shtml
================================================================================

overton's® > policies : terms and conditions customer service | retail stores  | request catalog  | gift cards cart   | 0 items watersports waterskis waterskiing accessories wakeboards & boots wakeboarding accessories wakeskates & wakesurfers barefoot gear kneeboards towables & tubes stand-up paddle boards (sup) watersports package deals life vests gloves wetsuits & drysuits trampolines & water toys lake & pool leisure dive & snorkeling gear boating & marine boat covers bimini tops, t-tops, & shades boat seats pontoon boat furniture & accessories carpet & flooring engine personal watercraft accessories (pwc) propellers pumps, plumbing & fittings cabin & galley maintenance hardware ladders & swim platforms flags & nautical items safety performance life vests steering & controls instruments & navigation fuel systems electrical vinyl lettering & numbers mooring & dock trailering electronics & stereos books & dvds mooring & dock anchoring boat fenders dock & anchor line dock bumpers dock cleats docks & hardware boat lifts jet dock dock ladders mooring whips mooring buoys dock storage dock lighting weed removal bird deterrents other mooring & dock products trailering trailer jacks trailer winches trailer lights trailer guides trailer bunks & carpet trailer hardware trailer rollers & hardware trailer tires & rims trailer brakes & hubs trailer tie-downs trailer locks & security trailer hitch accessories other trailering products truck & suv accessories electronics marine stereos vhf radios & communication gps navigation fishfinders & depth sounders mounts & enclosures radars charting & cartography multifunction network systems entertainment instruments autopilots other electronics & accessories rebates fishing fishing boats helm & fishing chairs life vests/pfds livewells & pumps rods & reels tackle storage rod storage fishing knives & tools lures, baits, & tackle fishing nets sunglasses gaffs & fighting belts fly fishing ice fishing bow fishing rod holders trolling motors coolers outriggers downriggers fishing seats other fishing gear outdoor gear atv cooking & food preparation boats, kayaks & canoes pet accessories canopies & shelters hammocks, chairs & outdoor furniture camping lake & pool leisure dive & snorkeling gear truck & suv accessories snow toys other outdoor products apparel men's apparel & footwear ladies' apparel & footwear youth apparel & footwear sunglasses hats, beanies & visors watches & jewelry foul weather gear other apparel outlet all sale items watersports outlet wakeboard outlet boating & marine outlet mooring & dock outlet trailering outlet electronics outlet fishing outlet outdoor gear outlet apparel outlet dents & dings outlet open box/display items privacy policy terms & conditions terms of sale security guaranteed lowest price safe shopping guarantee misprints warranties disclaimer of warranties charitable donations mail preference service name removal customer service about overton's advice & tips home > policies > terms and conditions terms and conditions effective date: may 19, 2010 our sites thank you for visiting the gander mountain family of web sites. these terms and conditions govern your use of any web site displaying these terms and conditions, including the following (our "sites"): gandermtn.com overtons.com overtonsoutdoors.com consumersmarine.com gander mountain company (“gander mountain”) owns the site located at gandermountain.com. overton’s, inc. (“overton’s”) owns the sites located at overtons.com and overtonsoutdoors.com. consumers marine electronics, inc. (“consumers marine”) owns the site located at consumersmarine.com. gander mountain, overton’s, consumers marine and other members of the gander mountain family of businesses are collectively referred to herein as the “gander mountain family of businesses,” “we,” “us,” and “our.” the terms “you” and “your,” when used in these terms and conditions, mean any user of our sites. your consent to these terms and conditions access to and use of our sites and the information, materials, products and services available through our sites are subject to all applicable laws and regulations and to these terms and conditions. by accessing, browsing, and shopping at our sites, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms and conditions, which form a legally binding agreement. if you do not agree, please exit our sites. changes to these terms and conditions these terms and conditions may be changed by us from time to time without specific notice to you. the latest terms and conditions will be posted on the sites, and you should always review them prior to using any of the sites to ensure that you have a current understanding of the terms and conditions under which you are permitted to access our sites. your continued use of our sites after we have posted the revised terms and conditions constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised terms and conditions. your consent to our privacy policy by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy, which is expressly incorporated herein. before using any of our sites, please carefully review our privacy policy. all personal data provided to us as a result of your use of our sites will be handled in accordance with our privacy policy. your consent to our terms of sale any purchases you make on our sites will be governed by our terms of sale, which are expressly incorporated herein. our terms of sale contain policies related to various aspects of your purchase of merchandise on our sites, such as shipping, returns, and other matters. your consent to other gander mountain family of businesses agreements we may also require you to follow additional rules, guidelines or other conditions to sign up to use various special features or password-protected areas of our sites, to participate in certain promotions or activities available through our sites, or for other reasons. in such cases, you may be asked to expressly consent to these additional terms, for example, by checking a box or clicking on a button marked “i agree.” this type of agreement is known as a “click-through” agreement. if any of the terms of a click-through agreement are different than the terms of these terms and conditions, the terms of the click-through agreement will supplement or amend these terms and conditions, but only with respect to the matters governed by the “click-through agreement.” third parties’ terms and conditions other terms and conditions may govern your use of features available on our sites that are “powered by” third parties. for example, some of our sites permit visitors to take surveys, rate and post reviews of products, and/or personalize gift cards. these functionalities are “powered by” third parties. this means that if you use these functionalities, you will be transferred directly to a custom web site operated by a third party. these web sites are governed by the third party’s terms of use and privacy policy. you should review the terms of use and privacy policies of third-party service providers before using their sites. ownership of our sites and their content our sites, including all of the software and code comprising or used to operate our sites, and all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other materials available on our sites, including without limitation user generated content as defined below (collectively “content”) are protected under applicable intellectual property and other proprietary laws, including without limitation those of the united states. all content and intellectual property rights therein are the property of the gander mountain family of businesses or the material is included with the permission of the rights owner and is protected pursuant to applicable copyright and trademark laws. the presence of any content on our sites does not constitute a waiver of any right in such content. you do not acquire ownership rights to any such content viewed through our sites. except as otherwise provided herein, none of this content may be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, modified, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without our express prior written permission. permission is hereby granted to the extent necessary to lawfully access and use our sites and to display, download, or print portions of our sites on a temporary basis and for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided that you (i) do not modify the content; (ii) you retain any and all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the content; and (iii) you do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media. user generated content certain sections of our sites allow you to submit or upload reviews, photographs, or other content for viewing by the general public (collectively “user generated content”). for example, some of our sites feature “bragging boards” or “get recognized” boards, which are designed to showcase your outdoor pursuits by allowing you to upload photographs and text describing the photographs. you are responsible for user generated content. any user generated content is the sole responsibility of the person who made such user generated content available on our sites. under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any user generated content posted to our sites. such user generated content may be posted on or accessed through our sites in our sole discretion. because we do not control the user generated content posted on our sites, we cannot and do not warrant or guarantee the truthfulness, integrity, suitability, or quality of that user generated content. you also agree and understand that by accessing our sites, you may encounter user generated content that you may consider to be objectionable. we have no responsibility for any user generated content, including without limitation any errors or omissions therein. we are not liable for any loss or damage of any kind you claim was incurred as a result of the use of any user generated content posted, e-mailed, transmitted or otherwise made available on our sites, whether by us, individual users of the sites, or our third party contractors or licensors. you own user generated content you submit, but we may use it. if any user generated content is your original work, then you own the copyright in that work. we do not claim any copyrights in original works created and posted by individual visitors to our sites. however, by uploading, posting, transmitting or otherwise making any user generated content available on or through this site, you are granting us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns, a nonexclusive, fully-paid, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, and royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense through unlimited levels of sublicensees) to use, copy, modify, distribute, publicly display and perform, publish, transmit, remove, retain, repurpose and commercialize that user generated content in any and all media or form of communication whether now existing or hereafter developed, without notification, compensation, or attribution to you, and without your consent, and the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if we choose to do so. without limiting the generality of the foregoing grant of license, by posting user generated content on or through our sites, you are granting us (and downstream users) permission to (i) display advertisements in connection with user generated content and to use user generated content for advertising and promotional purposes without compensating you in any way and (ii) to make user generated content available to the general public through our sites and in any other manner, in or using any format or media or technology, now known or hereafter developed, without compensating you in any way. we may disclose and/or remove user generated content. we reserve the right at all times to disclose any user generated content or information as is necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request. we also reserve the right, but do not assume the obligation, to remove any user generated content, in whole or in part, without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, user generated content that is objectionable or in breach of these terms and conditions, in our sole discretion. in addition, we reserve the right, but do not assume the obligation, to terminate your access to and use of any of our sites, or to censor, edit or block your transmissions thereto, in our sole discretion. you agree that the exercise of us of such discretion shall not convert or transform user generated content to content owned or provided by us, and the user who made such user generated content available on the sites will retain ownership thereof as described above. restrictions on user generated content. it is a condition of these terms and conditions that you do not: post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, misleading, racially disparaging, or indecent user generated content of any kind, including, without limitation, any transmission constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or foreign law; post or transmit any user generated content which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including user generated content which violates the copyrights, trademark rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, trade secret rights, confidentiality rights, contract rights, or any other rights of any individual, living or deceased, or any legal entity; post or transmit any user generated content that contains the image, name or likeness of anyone other than yourself, unless (i) that person is at least eighteen years old and you have first obtained his/her express permission or (ii) that person is fewer than eighteen years old but you are his/her parent or legal guardian; post or transmit any user generated content soliciting any personal or private information from any individual; post or transmit any user generated content which contains a virus or other harmful component; or post or transmit any user generated content which contains advertising, promotions or marketing, or which otherwise has a commercial purpose. by posting user generated content, you represent and warrant that (i) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the user generated content you post and have the right to grant the license set forth in these terms and conditions; (ii) the user generated content you post is accurate, and (iii) you are at least eighteen years old and you have read and understood—and your user generated content fully complies with—these terms and conditions and applicable laws and will not cause injury to any person or entity. trademarks the gander mountain, overton’s, and consumers marine names and logos, all product names, all page headers, all custom graphics, all button icons, and all trademarks, service marks and logos appearing on our sites, unless otherwise noted, are trademarks (whether registered or not), service marks and/or trade dress of the gander mountain family of businesses (the “marks”). all other trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress mentioned, displayed, cited or otherwise indicated on the sites are the property of their respective owners. you are not authorized to display or use the marks in any manner without our prior written permission. you are not authorized to display or use trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress of other owners featured on our sites without the prior written permission of such owners. the use or misuse of the marks or other trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress or any other materials contained herein, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited. links to other sites our sites may contain links and/or advertisements to other web sites maintained by unrelated companies. an advertisement of, or link to, an unrelated web site does not mean that we approve, endorse or accept any responsibility for that web site, its content or use, or the use of products and services made available through such web site. we do not investigate, monitor or check such web sites for accuracy, completeness or conformance with applicable laws and regulations. we do not make any representations whatsoever, or give any warranties of any kind, expressed, implied, or otherwise about other web sites which you may access through our sites, the content thereof, or the products and/or services made available through such web sites. if you decide to leave our site and access these other web sites, you do so at your own risk. all rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of such web sites will apply to you while on such web sites. your feedback we very much want to know what our customers like and don’t like about our products, and welcome your comments, feedback, suggestions, and other communications regarding our sites and the information, products, and services we make available through our sites (collectively, “feedback”). by submitting feedback, however, please note that you represent and warrant that any ideas or information you include in your feedback are not confidential or proprietary in any way and that you have the legal right to disclose the ideas and information. please also note that the feedback you provide to us through these sites will be and remain our exclusive property. your submission of feedback will constitute an assignment to us of all worldwide rights, title and interests in your feedback, including all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in your feedback. we will be entitled to reduce to practice, exploit, make, use, copy, disclose, display or perform publicly, distribute, improve and modify any feedback you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. for this reason, we ask that you not send us any feedback that you do not wish to assign to us. disclaimer of warranties we make no representations or warranties with respect to our sites or their content, or any product or service available on or promoted through our sites. our sites and all of their content (including all user generated content) are provided for use “as is” and on an “as available” basis. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, arising by statute, custom, course of dealing, course of performance or in any other way, including without limitation the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, quality and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to our sites, their content, any product or service available on or promoted through our sites, and any site with which they are linked. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we do not represent or warrant that our sites, their servers, or any transmissions sent from us or through our sites will be free of any harmful components (including viruses). we also make no representations or warranties as to whether the information accessible via our sites, or any site with which they are linked, is accurate, complete, or current. we are not responsible for any errors or omissions in any content appearing on our sites. we do not endorse any opinion, advice, comment or statement made on our sites by users of our sites, and user generated content does not in any way reflect the opinion, advice or statement of us. we do not provide any representations or warranties against the possibility of deletion, misdelivery or failure to store communications, personalized settings, or other data. we do not represent or warrant continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to or use of our sites. you accept that our shareholders, owners, officers, directors, employees and other representatives shall have the benefit of this clause. without limiting the foregoing, certain merchandise offered on our sites may be covered by a product warranty offered by the manufacturer of such merchandise, and the limitations and disclaimers set forth herein will not limit or restrict any warranty provided by the manufacturer of any merchandise available for purchase on our sites. nothing in these terms and conditions will affect any statutory rights to which you may be entitled as a consumer to the extent your ability to alter or waive such rights by contract is limited by applicable law. exclusion of liability we are not responsible or liable in any manner for any user generated content. although we include strict provisions regarding user generated content in these terms and conditions, we do not control and are not responsible for what users post on or through our sites and are not responsible for any offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful, infringing or otherwise objectionable or illegal user generated content you may encounter on our sites or in connection with your use of our sites. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws we, on behalf of our directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, licensors and service providers, exclude and disclaim liability for any losses and expenses of whatever nature and howsoever arising including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, general, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages; loss of use; loss of data; loss caused by a virus; loss of income or profit; loss of or damage to property; claims of third parties; or other losses of any kind or character, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, arising out of or in connection with the use of the sites or any web site with which they are linked, or any merchandise available on our sites. you assume total responsibility for establishing such procedures for data back up and virus checking as you consider necessary. this limitation of liability applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or any other basis. if any part of this limitation on liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then the aggregate liability of the released parties for liabilities that otherwise would have been limited shall not exceed ten dollars ($10.00). our liability in connection with a customer's purchase is expressly limited to our return policy set forth in our terms of sale, and all claims for consequential, incidental, or special damages are hereby excluded. these terms and conditions give you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights which vary from country to country. some jurisdictions do not allow certain kinds of limitations or exclusions of liability, so the limitations and exclusions set out in these terms and conditions may not apply to you. other jurisdictions allow limitations and exclusions subject to certain conditions. in such a case the limitations and exclusions set out in these terms and conditions shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of such applicable jurisdictions. your statutory rights as a consumer, if any, are not affected by these provisions, and we do not seek to exclude or limit liability for fraudulent misrepresentation. your obligations in consideration of your use of our sites, if you register on any of our sites in order to make a purchase, receive information, or otherwise, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself. your account, including your username and password, are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and username and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or username by you or by anyone else using your username and password, whether or not authorized by you. you agree to immediately inform us of any apparent breaches of security such as loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of your username or password at the following e-mail address, and until we are so notified you will remain liable for any unauthorized use of your account: for gandermountain.com, at service@gandermtn.com; for overtons.com and consumersmarine.com, at service@overtons.com. you agree to use our sites in a manner consistent with any and all applicable rules and regulations. you agree not to upload or transmit through our sites any computer viruses, trojan horses, worms or anything else designed to interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer. any unauthorized modification, tampering or change of any information, or any interference with the availability of or access to our sites is strictly prohibited. we reserve all rights and remedies available to us. you agree to indemnify, release and hold us harmless as well as our officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees from any claim, liability, loss, expense or demand, including legal fees, related to your violation of these terms and conditions or your access or use of our sites (including any information, materials, products or services available through our sites). colors we have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on the sites. however, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate. correction of errors and inaccuracies the information on our sites may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. we therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have placed your order). please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, pricing and availability. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. removal of content in general. if you believe content on our sites violates your rights and want us to remove it, please send a written request explaining why you would like to have the content removed to us by e-mail at [address]. while we do not have any obligation to remove content merely because of a removal request, we will review all such requests and will remove content that we determine should be removed, in our sole discretion and in accordance with our terms and conditions, privacy policy, and applicable law . violation of copyrights. if you are requesting removal of content because of a violation of your copyrights, please note that the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (the “dmca”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under u.s. copyright law. if you believe that your own work, or the work of a third party for whom you are authorized to act, is featured on any of our sites or has been otherwise copied or made available on our sites in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please send us a notice of the alleged infringement including all of the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on this site (including the url, title and/or item number if applicable, or other identifying characteristics); your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, and, if you are not the owner of the copyright, the name of the owner; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. any notification by a copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf that fails to comply with requirements of the dmca shall not be considered sufficient notice and shall not be deemed to confer upon us actual knowledge of facts or circumstances from which infringing material or acts are evident. our copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: gander mountain company/overton’s inc. 111 red banks road greenville, nc 27858 (252) 355-7600 fax (252) 355-2923 minors our sites are not intended for children or minors under the age of thirteen years without the permission of a parent or guardian. in addition, you must be at least eighteen years of age to make a purchase on any of our sites. modification and discontinuation we reserve the right at any time and from time-to-time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently our sites (or any portion thereof) and/or the information, materials, products and/or services available through our sites (or any part thereof) with or without notice. you agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension or discontinuance of our sites. entire understanding these terms and conditions (together with our privacy policy, terms of sale and any click-through agreements on our sites) contain the entire understanding between you and us with respect to use of our sites and no representation, statement, or inducement oral or written, not contained herein shall bind any party to this agreement. severability and non-waiver our failure to enforce any provision of these terms and conditions will not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision, and a waiver by us of any right under these terms and conditions on any occasion will not in any way constitute a waiver of such right or any other right on any other occasion. in the event any provision of these terms and conditions is determined to be invalid, such invalidity will not affect the validity of the remaining portions of these terms and conditions, and the parties will substitute for the invalid provision a provision which most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provision. these terms and conditions will apply in lieu of and notwithstanding any specific legend or statement associated with any particular document or information exchanged. law & jurisdiction these terms and conditions shall be subject to, governed by and construed under the laws of the state of minnesota in the united states of america, without regard to conflict of law principles, except to the extent that transactions conducted through our sites are governed by the eu directive on the protection of consumers in respect of distance contracts (the “directive”), in which case the provisions of the directive shall be deemed controlling. you hereby consent and waive all objection to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in minneapolis, minnesota, and venue therein to resolve any controversy or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to use of our sites. however, we retain the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that infringement of this agreement is taking place or originating. jurisdiction-specific restrictions on our sites and the products we sell access to, or use of, our sites or information, materials, products and/or services on our sites may be prohibited by law in certain countries or jurisdictions. you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing our sites. access to our sites (or portions thereof) and the use of information, materials, products and/or services provided on our sites (or portions thereof), is not intended, and is prohibited, where such access or use violates applicable laws or regulations. contacting us if you have any questions or concerns regarding these terms and conditions, please contact us by telephone, email, fax or postal mail: gander mountain company/overton’s, inc. attention: customer service 111 red banks road greenville, nc 27858 (252) 355-7600 fax (252) 355-2923 ordering/ customer service hotline: 1-800-334-6541 exclusive technical hotline: 1-888-683-7866 ordering/ customer service hotline: 1-800-334-6541 exclusive technical hotline: 1-888-overton stay connected catalog request a free catalog. order now ▸ shop ecatalog ▸ email sign-up to receive exclusive offers and updates. get recognized share your pictures of you enjoying the water. share now ▸ help & support customer service shipping info contact us catalog quick order sales tax live help returns international site map advice & tips wetsuit sizing gloves sizing bimini top measuring tube inflation propeller selection all advice & tips company company history corporate partners retail stores careers affiliates jet dock the overton's way gift cards our sites gandermtn.com threeforksranch.com top search terms: lights, pontoon, ladders, mirrors, tubes, batteries, speakers, rope, flags, fenders, fuel tanks, grills top categories: boat seats, life vests, towables, bimini tops, outlet, marine stereos, lake & pool leisure, boat covers 2003-2011 overton's 1-800-334-6541. all rights reserved. terms & conditions | privacy policy