来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211230214241/https://www.overtons.com/helpcenter
================================================================================

customer service | overton's skip to main content skip to footer content free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $49. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $49. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $49. | join now shop rvs shop gear free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $49. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $49. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $49. | join now need help? (800)-334-6541 | main menu sign in create account my store: find a store shop by category boats, motors & engine parts boats, motors & engine parts boats boats inflatable boats kayaks canoes jon boats boat accessories outboard motors outboard motors 4-stroke outboards electric outboards outboard mounts & brackets outboard motor covers outboard motor accessories trolling motors trolling motors bow-mount trolling motors transom-mount trolling motors trolling motor batteries & electrical trolling motor mounts & brackets trolling motor propellers trolling motor accessories boat engine parts boat engine parts air filters water pumps & cooling systems anodes manifolds carburetors & fuel injection starters spark plugs & tune up kits tilt trim motors alternators solenoids power packs stators marine diesel components exhaust & mufflers outboard motor accessories engine repair manuals engine hose gasket sealant oem fasteners seals & o-rings lower unit gaskets ignition pistons & seals drive system starter system internal engine system (ies) lubrication electrical v-belts & drive belts tools & shop supplies fuel systems fuel systems fuel & water separators fuel filters fuel fittings & hardware fuel pumps fuel treatment portable fuel tanks & caddies below deck fuel tanks above deck fuel tanks blowers & vents steering & control steering & control steering wheels steering cables & systems throttle & shifter controls steering knobs other steering & control propellers propellers aluminum propellers stainless steel propellers composite propellers nibral propellers prop nuts & washers prop wrenches propeller & skeg guards propeller hub kits propeller shafts boat performance boat performance trim tabs transom jacks hydrofoils skeg & prop protectors engine maintenance engine maintenance 2-stroke oil 4-stroke oil antifreeze fogging oil fuel additives gear lube & lower unit oil oil change pumps oil filters boat zincs & anodes motor flushers tilt & trim fluid spark plugs & tune up kits pwc & jet ski parts pwc & jet ski parts pwc impellers & performance pwc batteries & starters pwc flusher & primer kits batteries & accessories batteries & accessories battery cables & terminals battery switches battery boxes, trays & accessories batteries battery chargers & inverters battery chargers & inverters onboard chargers power inverters solar chargers portable chargers power converters charger cables & accessories gauges gauges speedometers tachometers amp & voltmeters trim gauges water temp gauges oil pressure gauges fuel gauges water pressure gauges hour meters gauge kits sending units covers & tops covers & tops boat covers boat covers custom fit boat covers semi custom boat covers t-top & center console covers universal fit boat covers pontoon boat covers boat cover accessories bimini tops bimini tops standard bimini tops replacement frames replacement fabric tower bimini tops storage boots bimini hardware & accessories pontoon bimini tops pontoon bimini tops traditional bimini tops buggy bimini tops extra long bimini tops pontoon replacement frames pontoon replacement fabric pontoon storage boots pontoon hardware & accessories shades & enclosures pwc & jet ski covers watersports watersports towables & tubes towables & tubes 1-person tubes 2-person tubes 3-person tubes 4-person tubes commercial grade tubes tube ropes tube pumps & accessories repair kits trampolines, bouncers & water mats trampolines, bouncers & water mats water trampolines water bouncers attachments water mats packages & parks inflatable docks pool & lake floats pool & lake floats pool floats & lounges party island water mats water toys & games lights & fountains inflatable docks water skis water skis combo waterskis slalom waterskis trainer & junior waterskis trick & wake skis waterski bindings waterski accessories barefoot barefoot barefoot booms barefoot handles & lines wakeboards wakeboards men's wakeboards women's wakeboards junior & kids wakeboards wakefoils & air chairs wakeboard bindings wakeboard accessories wakeboard towers & accessories wake shapers & ballast accesssories wakeskates & wakesurfers wakeskates & wakesurfers wakeskates wakesurfers wakesurf ropes & handles board bags & cases replacement fins wake shapers & ballast accessories kneeboards & multipurpose boards kneeboards & multipurpose boards kneeboards multipurpose boards kneeboard ropes & handles kneeboard bags & cases replacement straps & fins stand up paddleboards stand up paddleboards performance sup yoga sup fishing sup inflatable sup all-around sup sup paddles sup accessories kayaks, canoes & inflatable boats kayaks, canoes & inflatable boats kayaks canoes inflatable boats paddles hardware life jackets & pfds life jackets & pfds men's life jackets women's life jackets junior & kids life jackets inflatable life jackets pet life jackets multi packs fishing life jackets kayak life vests wetsuits, drysuits, & rash guards wetsuits, drysuits, & rash guards men's wetsuits women's wetsuits junior wetsuits neoprene shorts & tops drysuits rashguards dive & snorkel gear dive & snorkel gear snorkel sets goggles mask dive boots seascooter action cameras dive knives pwc accessories outdoor gear outdoor gear outdoor cooking outdoor cooking stoves outdoor grills grilling accessories deep fryers & steamers outdoor kitchen smokers & accessories outdoor seating & tables outdoor seating & tables director chairs folding & bag chairs hammocks kids chairs recliners rockers ottomans & chair accessories bean bag chairs tables canopies, shelters & screenrooms outdoor lighting outdoor lighting spotlights electric lanterns headlamps flashlights propane lanterns patio lights solar lighting lighting accessories packs, bags & cases packs, bags & cases dry bags duffel bags mesh & tote backpacks electronic bags & cases insect control sun protection beach towels outdoor toys & games drones bikes, scooters & accessories bikes, scooters & accessories bikes bike helmets cycling apparel cycling shoes pack bags & trailers bike accessories bike racks bike components tools & maintenance kid's cycling scooters outdoor camping outdoor camping tents sleeping equipment camp tools camp safety & survival camp bathroom vehicle accessories vehicle accessories racks & carriers bungee cords gps back up cameras other vehicle accessories generators generators portable generators generator accessories generator covers books & directories ice chests & coolers ice chests & coolers hard sided coolers soft sided coolers electric coolers novelty coolers cooler accessories drinkware pet pet fences gates & containment pet steps & ramps collars leashes & harnesses pet apparel pet furniture & covers bowls & feeders pet food pet grooming waste management pet life jackets pet toys fishing fishing fishing rods, reels & combos fishing rods, reels & combos fishing rods fishing reels fishing rod & reel combos fishing rod & reel accessories baits & lures baits & lures hard baits soft baits topwater swimbaits jigs wire baits bait & lure kits scents & attractants terminal tackle terminal tackle bobbers & floats line & leaders hooks weights & sinkers snaps, swivels & split rings bait rigs jigheads lure customization tackle storage tackle storage soft tackle boxes hard tackle boxes utility boxes fishing tools & accessories fishing tools & accessories filet & processing bait storage nets tools gloves fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders depth sounders gps & fishfinder combos handheld gps fixed-mount gps gps antennas multi-function network system transducers & sonar accessories trolling motors trolling motors bow-mount trolling motors transom-mount trolling motors trolling motor batteries & electrical trolling motor mounts & brackets trolling motor propellers trolling motor accessories downriggers outriggers shallow water anchors fishing life jackets ice chests & coolers fishing kayaks & sups fishing boat seats youth fishing gear bowfishing ice fishing ice fishing augers & accessories ice shelters, sleds & accessories ice fishing safety ice rods, reels & tip ups ice fishing electronics portable heaters & accessories ice fishing apparel & footwear ice fishing line ice fishing baits & tackle ice fishing accessories ice fishing bait storage ice fishing tackle storage fishing waders & accessories clothing & footwear clothing & footwear men's clothing men's clothing men's outerwear men's sweatshirts & hoodies men's shirts & tops men's pants men's shorts men's swimwear men's wetsuits men's baselayer men's accessories men's loungewear women's clothing women's clothing women's outerwear women's sweatshirts & hoodies women's shirts & tops women's pants women's dresses women's shorts women's swimwear women's wetsuits women's baselayer women's accessories women's loungewear kids' clothing kids' clothing kids' outerwear kids' sweatshirts & hoodies kids' shirts & tops kids' t-shirts & tanks kids' pants kids' shorts kids' swimwear kids' wetsuits kids' baselayer kids' accessories footwear footwear men's footwear women's footwear kids' footwear footwear accessories sunglasses hats & headwear buffs & gaiters electrical electrical switches & panels switches & panels fuse holders & blocks circuit breakers busbars toggle & rocker switches switch panels battery switches ignition switches push & pull switches rotary switches fuses lighting lighting navigation lights search, deck & hull lights courtesy & interior lights underwater lights handheld lights deck, dock & pier lights trailer lights batteries & accessories batteries & accessories battery cables & terminals battery switches battery boxes, trays & accessories batteries battery chargers & inverters battery chargers & inverters onboard chargers power inverters solar chargers portable chargers power converters charger cables & accessories electrical wiring & repair electrical wiring & repair primary wire duplex wire triplex wire specialty wire battery cables & terminals electrical terminals & connectors wire support, ties & tubing electrical terminal kits wiring tools circuit breakers fuse holders & blocks 12 volt plugs & outlets shore power shore power adapters, plugs & outlets cord holders & covers electrical cord sets phone & tv wiring shore power accessories generators electronics & navigation electronics & navigation marine stereos marine stereos stereo packages receivers amplifiers speakers & subwoofers stereo accessories vhf marine radios & communication vhf marine radios & communication fixed-mount vhf radios handheld vhf radios two way frs radios cb radios satellite & web communication antennas & mounts communication accessories marine autopilots marine autopilots autopilot components powerboat autopilots autopilot packages sailpilots autopilot remotes fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders depth sounders gps & fishfinder combos handheld gps fixed-mount gps gps antennas multi-function network system transducers & sonar accessories charting & cartography charting & cartography navionics cartography c-map cartography humminbird cartography garmin cartography software computers multi-function network systems multi-function network systems multi-function network displays network cables multi-function cameras network radar antennas black box sounders multi-function packages ais gps antennas transducers & sonar accessories radars radars radar mounts radar domes open array radars radar screens radar accessories tvs & entertainment tvs & entertainment mounts antennas & receivers tvs cables action cameras action cameras cameras & filters chargers & cables mounts cases mounts, enclosures & storage mounts, enclosures & storage mounts & mount accessories marine electronics enclosures dry cases chargers phone accessories thermal cameras thermal cameras cameras mounts accessories repair, maintenance & hardware repair, maintenance & hardware boat cleaning supplies boat cleaning supplies cleaners, wax & protectants cleaner applicators & tools fiberglass & gelcoat repair kit fiberglass & gelcoat repair kit boat paint wood finishes paint tools & accessories fiberglass & gelcoat repair fiberglass & gelcoat repair marine caulking & adhesives putties & sealants epoxy resins additives polyester resins cloth & matting gelcoat repair resin pumps & accessories carpet & flooring carpet & flooring marine carpet non-skid & vinyl flooring boat mats & helm pads marine lumber & re-decking adhesives hardware hardware deck hardware boat cleats hatches & deck plates drain plugs fastener & snap kits rub rail wiper blades & motors scuppers ladders & swim platforms ladders & swim platforms boat ladders dock ladders swim platforms pontoon ladders ladder brackets & mounts boat lettering & numbers boat lettering & numbers precut vinyl decals state registration numbers vinyl striping & accessories boat & pwc mirrors trailering trailering trailer winches trailer winches manual trailer winches electric trailer winches winch straps & cables winch accessories trailer jacks & dollies trailer jacks & dollies single wheel dual wheel standard electric tongue jack trailer dolly trailer brakes, bearings & hubs trailer brakes, bearings & hubs trailer brakes trailer bearings & grease trailer hubs trailer axle trailer actuators trailer guides & guide-ons trailer guides & guide-ons post guide-ons bunk guide-ons roller guide-ons guide-on accessories trailer lights trailer lights trailer light kits marker & clearance lights replacement tail lights wiring, adapters & accessories trailer hardware trailer hardware fenders brackets couplers other hardware trailer bunks & bunk carpet trailer bunks & bunk carpet bunk carpet glide-ons & rollers fasteners & additional accessories boat trailer rollers boat trailer rollers bow rollers & bow stops keel rollers & keel pads bunk rollers & wobble rollers roller end caps & roller tips straight rollers trailer roller hardware trailer tires & rims trailer tires & rims trailer tires & rims spare tire carriers other tire accessories boat trailer tie-downs trailer locks & security trailer hitch accessories trailer hitch accessories hitch balls ball mounts hitch guards & covers towpower hitch other accessories vehicle accessories vehicle accessories racks & carriers bungee cords gps back up cameras other trailering accessories boat & pontoon seats boat & pontoon seats boat seats boat seats helm & fishing seats lounge & jump seats bucket seats pedestals, swivels & sliders console & helms seat cushions seat covers matching vinyl deck chairs pontoon boat furniture pontoon boat furniture pontoon seat packages arm rest captain seat consoles corner couch corner seats flip flop seats folding lean back seat lounge seats matching vinyl pedestals, swivels & sliders tables & pedestals pontoon boat hardware pontoon accessories pontoon boat furniture covers pumps & plumbing pumps & plumbing marine pumps marine pumps bilge pumps general purpose pumps washdown pumps macerator pumps freshwater pumps water & cooling pumps bait, livewell & aerator pumps air conditioner pumps pressure pump parts marine hose & clamps marine hose & clamps marine hose marine clamps plumbing fittings plumbing fittings thru-hull fittings deck fills metal plumbing fittings plastic plumbing fittings plumbing inlets plumbing strainers plumbing valves plumbing drains freshwater systems freshwater systems faucets accumulator tanks showers sinks water filters water heaters water tanks water treatment marine sanitation marine sanitation marine holding tanks marine toilet chemicals marine toilet paper & holders marine toilet parts marine toilets cabin, galley & decor cabin, galley & decor marine grills marine grills grills mounts pedestals covers decor & teak decor & teak nautical decor teak wood & teak care heating, cooling & ventilation heating, cooling & ventilation fans heaters vents air conditioner pumps dehumidifiers storage storage dry boxes caddys gear bags waterproof cases transport cases galley storage tables & pedestals cup & drink holders appliances interior lighting coolers freshwater systems freshwater systems faucets showers sinks water filters water heaters water tanks water treatment marine sanitation marine sanitation marine holding tanks marine toilet chemicals marine toilet paper & holders marine toilet parts marine toilets macerator pumps flags flags flags flag poles & hardware instruments instruments digital instruments compasses binoculars & optics weather tide & time holiday & seasonal items personalized nautical books & videos anchoring & docking anchoring & docking anchoring anchoring anchors anchor lines anchor rollers anchor chain & shackles winches & windlasses boat hooks anchor line accessories boat fenders boat fenders cylindrical fenders round fenders fender covers fender pumps fender racks & storage fender lines & hangers specialty fenders mooring whips & buoys mooring whips & buoys mooring whips mooring buoys mooring buoy accessories dock bumpers & edging dock bumpers & edging corner bumper straight bumper dock wheel post bumper dock edging mounting hardware dock lines, cleats & hardware dock lines, cleats & hardware dock cleats dock lines dock hardware snubbers dock line accessories floating & stationary docks floating & stationary docks stationary docks stationary dock hardware floating docks floating dock hardware roll-in docks dock manuals boat & pwc lifts ladders & swim platforms ladders & swim platforms boat ladders dock ladders swim platforms pontoon ladders ladder brackets & mounts dock & pier lights dock de-icers dock boxes & storage dock accessories dock accessories steps & handrails dock carts weed removal bird deterrents dock signs boat hooks safety safety life jackets & pfds life jackets & pfds men's life jackets women's life jackets junior & kids life jackets inflatable life jackets pet life jackets multi packs fishing life jackets throw cushions & rings signal devices signal devices horns & whistles flares strobes alarms epirbs & plbs black box systems survival suits & life rafts fire extinguishers & detectors first aid kits paddles & boat hooks regulatory buoys & signs watersports flags boat & pwc mirrors storage vhf marine radios & communication boat lettering & numbers boat lettering & numbers precut vinyl decals state registration numbers vinyl striping & accessories floating lanyards & rings outlet outlet clothing & footwear watersports outdoor gear trailering covers & tops electronics & navigation electrical fishing boats, motors & engine parts boat & pontoon seats pumps & plumbing repair, maintenance & hardware anchor & docking safety deals deals clearance hot buys bestsellers new products members-only specials good sam - join today good sam credit card contact us call now email us deals clearance hot buys bestsellers new products members-only specials good sam - join today good sam credit card use up and down arrow keys to navigate search results. you are shopping find a store sign in sign in create account check order my favorites 0 use up and down arrow keys to navigate search results. about my order shipping & delivery easy returns pricing & promotions product information about us international orders our policies about my order what is non-member & good sam pricing? at overton's, we make every effort to offer the best products at the best value. in addition to our competitive pricing, we offer exclusive savings for good sam members. simply look for items denoted as members-only specials within the "deals" drop-down menu. good sam members also receive early access to our overton's sales & promotions, double discount days, members-only specials, free shipping offers and much more! simply add your good sam membership number to your cart and start receiving the benefits of additional savings and coupons today. join now for more details. when can i cancel or modify my order? we try to ship your order as quickly as possible, so once your order has been processed we are no longer able to cancel or modify it. if necessary your order may be returned or exchanged. please see our easy returns for more information. how do i track my order? once your order ships, we will email you all available tracking information.  you may also use track my order.   we are also available every day from 8am-11pm et to answer any questions you may have regarding your order or shipment. contact us at 1-800-334-6541. i ordered several items, why did they arrive in multiple shipments? we make every effort to ship your items together; however, there are times when we may have to divide your order into multiple shipments. common reasons for dividing an order are: item availability items shipping directly from a vendor large orders requiring multiple boxes please note that when an order is divided into multiple shipments, you are not charged an additional fee. what does it mean when an item is backordered? an item is backordered when it is out of stock in our warehouse and is awaiting replenishment. there are times when an item may sell better than expected, and although we do our best to keep everything in stock at all times, delays can happen. when will my credit card be charged? your credit card will be charged when your order is submitted. why doesn't my order qualify for a promotion? we're sorry for any trouble experienced during checkout regarding promotional offers. reasons your order may not qualify: there may be some requirements not met for the special offer. certain exclusions apply. the offer has expired. some vendors choose not to participate so we must honor our agreement. only one promotional code can be used per order. there are some categories that are excluded from promotions. see details. what are my payment options when placing an order? shopping at overtons.com is easy and safe! use any of the following payment options during checkout: american express visa mastercard discover diner's club jcb money orders and checks can be mailed in for orders placed over the phone or using the catalog. what states charge sales tax? overton's is required to follow state and federal tax regulations, and charge tax in the following states: al ar az ca co ct fl ga ia id il in ks ky la ma me mi mn mo ms nc nd nj nm nv ny oh ok pa ri sc sd tn tx ut va vt wa wi wy what if my order arrives damaged? we apologize if your order arrives in less than perfect condition. for items that arrive damaged, immediately contact our customer service team at 1-800-334-6541 for further instructions. our hours are 8am-11pm et. please keep all boxes and packing materials until informed otherwise. shipping & delivery shipping and handling (48 states) shipping method economy standard ground 2nd day air express business days 3-7 days** 2-5 days** 2 days good sam orders ≥ $49 free $14.95 $24.95* non-member orders ≥ $99 free $14.95 $24.95* good sam orders < $49 $9.95 $14.95 $24.95* non-member orders < $99 $9.95 $14.95 $24.95* * most 1-20 lb. orders ** covid-19 update – due to increase demand please allow longer lead times to ship ground orders for in-stock items. all delivery times are quoted in business days (m-f) not including weekends and holidays. we are doing everything we can to ship orders out as quickly as possible. we appreciate your patience and support of our business during this time. the flat rate shipping and handling charges listed above are for shipments to the contiguous united states only via fedex smartpost with final delivery by the u.s. postal service. all delivery times are quoted in business days, not including weekends and holidays. certain items may require additional shipping charges, and some items can only be shipped by truck service. hazardous merchandise cannot be shipped by air express service. a hazardous shipping charge may be applied for specified items. overton's reserves the right to limit quantities and/or charge actual shipping charges on bulk orders. economy ground shipping free on orders over $49 for good sam members or $99 for non-members for shipments to the continental united states only. if the merchandise on your order totals $49 or more for good sam members or $99 for non-members, your economy ground shipping is free. if the merchandise on your order is less than $49 for good sam members or $99 for non-members, your economy ground shipping charge will be just $9.95. gift card purchases do not count toward the minimum requirement for free shipping; however, gift cards always ship for free. most orders ship within 24 hours and will arrive in 3 to 7 business days* via fedex smartpost with final delivery by the u.s. postal service. free shipping excludes shipments to alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, canada, and international addresses. * covid-19 update – due to increase demand please allow longer lead times to ship ground orders for in-stock items. all delivery times are quoted in business days (m-f) not including weekends and holidays. we are doing everything we can to ship orders out as quickly as possible. we appreciate your patience and support of our business during this time. standard ground shipping delivery time most orders ship within 24 hours and will arrive in 2-5 business days* from time of shipment via fedex or priority mail. please see the chart below for estimated delivery times to your area. items that ship by truck service or are shipped directly from the manufacturer may not qualify for standard ground shipping. * covid-19 update – due to increase demand please allow longer lead times to ship ground orders for in-stock items. all delivery times are quoted in business days (m-f) not including weekends and holidays. we are doing everything we can to ship orders out as quickly as possible. we appreciate your patience and support of our business during this time. 2nd day air express shipping due to delays surrounding covid-19, express orders may take 1-2 additional days to arrive. in-stock phone and web orders placed before 2pm et will arrive on the second business day following the shipment date. the flat-rate 2nd day shipping charge listed under shipping and handling is for most 1-20 lb. orders. orders over 20 lbs. will be charged actual shipping charges that will be calculated during checkout. a few things to note: a street address is required for air express shipping we do not refund 2nd day charge unless overton's has made an error. certain items may not qualify for air express shipping. shipping days / business days are m-f alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, virgin islands, apo/fpo, u.s. territories & international shipping these areas require a special handling fee of $10 plus actual shipping charges based on the weight and dimensions of the package(s). charges will be calculated during checkout. for canadian and international customers, the shipping charge at checkout is an estimate; you will be contacted by our international department with an exact quote once the order has been submitted. any applicable duties, taxes, customs charges, and brokerage fees are the responsibility of the customer. track your order to track your shipment, select the link in your shipping confirmation email to monitor progress while in transit. you may also call 1-800-334-6541 or email us; our hours are 8am-11pm et. if the order is large and shipped in more than one box, your packages may arrive separately. export control policy anyone intending to export or re-export an item after receipt from overton's, gander outdoors, or gander direct marketing services is solely responsible for obtaining all necessary licenses and for filing the export in accordance with any and all applicable u.s. federal, state, and local laws as well as any other governing law. diversion contrary to u.s. law is prohibited. certain items may be prohibited from being exported from the united states. certain items may be prohibited from being imported into certain localities, states, and/or countries. overton's is not liable for violations of any such laws. easy returns return policy we believe in offering the very best value, quality, and selection. plus, we want you to enjoy your purchase! in the event you wish to send a product back to us, you may return unused items for a refund or exchange, minus shipping, within 90 days from the date of purchase unless noted below under exceptions and exclusions. for web orders, please contact our customer service team (1-800-334-6541) to ensure your return or exchange is documented and any potential questions have been answered. in most cases, a return authorization will be provided and, in every case, we’ll begin to keep an eye out for your return. for retail purchases returned with a receipt, please return the unused and unopened item, with the original sales receipt, for a full refund or exchange. all returns with a gift receipt will receive a store credit for the amount of the item at the time of purchase. for retail purchases returned without a receipt, the refund will be issued as a store merchandise credit at the lowest price within the last 90 days. proper id will be required in the form of a valid, state-issued driver’s license or state id card. we reserve the right to limit or refuse returns without a receipt. for good sam protection plans, simply return any good sam protection plan purchase to the store for processing. purchases paid for with a personal check are subject to a 14-day hold period prior to being eligible for return. free returns on clothing & footwear we're aware it can be difficult to correctly order your size from time-to-time, which is why we offer free returns on apparel and footwear! as long as the item is in new, unworn condition with all liners and tags still attached, we'll cover the shipping on getting it back to us within 90 days of the purchase date. upon receipt, we'll issue a refund or process an exchange for the new size or color specified. please contact our customer service team (1-800-334-6541) for a prepaid label. exceptions & exclusions the following items provided they are unopened and unused, may be returned or exchanged within 30 days of purchase: augers, electronics, skateboards, bikes, software, arrest systems, canoes, ice houses, tents, waders, drones, kayaks, and tree stands. after 30 days, defective product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. the following items may not be returned to the store due to legal/safety considerations: outboard motors, trolling motors, epirbs, boats, spot, life rafts, plbs, class b ais, items with expiration dates (such as flares and generators), customized items (such as boat covers), cut-to-length products (such as ropes and carpets), rigging, carry-on air conditioners, electronic charts, hazardous items, licenses, mattresses, and gift cards. if proven defective, these products may be exchanged for a replacement of the same model and style only. any items returned as part of a promotional discount will be prorated and the value of the discount, free product, or gift card will be deducted from the reimbursement. items received as part of a free gift promotion cannot be exchanged unless damaged or defective and for a direct replacement only. gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash or applied to a previous purchase. open box outlet our open box outlet features products that have been opened and returned, display items, and merchandise that was simply used for photography. these items may have minor cosmetic imperfections that will not affect performance and, in some cases, are not noticeable. these products are non-returnable and non-refundable unless an error has been made on our part in describing them. pricing & promotions about our prices everything we sell is covered by our satisfaction guarantee. if you aren't satisfied with one of our products or services, tell us, and we'll make it right. we take great care to ensure the accuracy of all information online. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. if prices should change, we will process your order and notify you of any difference. we cannot be responsible for typographical errors. some quantities limited. good sam club member pricing good sam club members save up to 10% every day at overtons.com. all membership pricing and additional membership coupon savings are applicable to good sam club members only. savings are reflected in the cart during checkout with a valid good sam club membership number or by adding the good sam club membership to the cart. excludes merchandise from the following brands: hyperlite, ho, o’brien, barefoot international, mission, north sports, o’neill, revel match, ronix, connelly, liquid force, roswell wake air, and select electronics. price match policy at overton's, we want to make sure you're getting the best products at the best value which is why we offer the lowest prices possible. in the event you find a lower price somewhere else, let us know and we'll price match it. don't be shy! if you should find a lower price at the time of your purchase or within 30 days after the purchase date (or within 14 days at our retail locations) on an identical in-stock item, just mention where you saw the lower price and we'll match it. to receive a price match: contact our customer service team (1-800-334-6541) or visit your local store. provide us with the competitor’s name, item, price, and location of where you saw the advertised price. we'll confirm the lower price then match it! easy enough, right? this offer applies to all in-stock merchandise. we aren’t able to sell products below our cost and reserve the right to make final judgment calls on all price matches. we apologize, but we’re not able to price match the following: special orders, rebates, financing offers, gift with purchase offers, services, misprints, or prices on special buys, discontinued, clearance, closeout, used, damaged, returned, refurbished, open box, display merchandise, or items with map pricing. competitor's or hourly sales (such as a holiday “5-hour sale”), one-day sales, after thanksgiving event sales, cyber week, credit or loyalty promotions. online only retailers, dealers, and/or resellers are not eligible. in-store price match policy at overton's, we want to make sure you're getting the best products at the best value which is why we offer the lowest prices possible. in the event you find a lower price at a local competitor, let us know and we'll price match it. don't be shy! if you should find a lower advertised price at a local* competitor on an identical in-stock item, we will match that price at the time of purchase, or within 30 days after purchase. to receive a price match: visit your local store. provide us with the local* competitor’s name, item, price, and location of where you saw the advertised price. we'll confirm the lower price then match it! easy enough, right? *local is defined as a retailer within a one-hour drive of the store. exclusions include rebates, financing offers, misprints, discontinued, clearance, or closeout prices or prices on used, damaged, returned, open box or display merchandise. for buy-one-get-one offers and coupons, we will meet the competitor’s price. this price guarantee does not extend to dealers or resellers. proof of a lower price must be provided at the time of the purchase to receive a price match. this offer applies to all in-stock merchandise. we aren’t able to sell products below our cost and reserve the right to make final judgment calls on all price matches. price adjustments if we offer an item at a lower price within 30 days of your purchase, we will refund the difference in price to your original form of payment, unless the offer or items are noted that pricing does not apply to previously purchased merchandise. a receipt or proof of purchase must be provided to receive a price match after the time of purchase. this policy does not apply to competitor's or hourly sales (such as a holiday "5-hour sale"), one-day sales, after thanksgiving event sales, cyber week, credit or loyalty promotions. offer details savings are based on the merchandise total only, excluding additional freight and taxes good sam member pricing and coupon savings are applicable to good sam members only, some exclusions apply, click here for details. offers cannot be combined with other offers discount cannot be used to purchase gift cards no adjustments of previous purchases excludes sale items excludes electronics and trolling motors excludes merchandise from the following brands: barefoot international, byerly, connelly, costa del mar, cwb, ho, honda generators, honda outboard motors, hyperlite, liquid force, mission, radar, ronix, roswell, suzuki outboard motors and trailer valet valid for online and phone orders only not valid for cash other restrictions may apply product information sizing chart how to measure for that perfect fit? head – holding the tape in place just above the brow, measure around the largest part of the head. for fitted hats, measure the circumference of your head at the place where you would wear a hat, and use the sizing chart to determine the proper size. neck – find a shirt collar that fits comfortably. lay the collar flat and measure from the center of the collar button to the far end of the opposite buttonhole. chest/bust –holding tape firm and level, measure chest just beneath the arms and across the shoulder blades. for bust, measure at the fullest point of the bust and over the shoulder blades. sleeves – with arm relaxed at your side and slightly bent, measure from center back at the base of the neck, over the point of the shoulder, and down the outside of the arm to the wrist. waist – keeping one finger between the tape and the body, measure around the natural waistline. order belts the same size as your pants waist size. for in-between sizes, order the next size up. seat/hips – while standing, measure around the fullest point of the seat. inseam – find pants that fit comfortably. lay them flat, with creases smoothed in the front and back. measure along the inseam from the crotch to the bottom of the leg hem. men's regular inseams measure 32"; tall inseams measure 34". hand (for gloves) – to measure knuckle circumference, keep your hand flat and measure around your large knuckles. do not include your thumb. to measure hand length, measure from the base of your palm to the end of your middle finger. circumference (for footwear) – the measurement around the inside of the boot at the largest part on the upper calf. shaft (for footwear) – the height of the shaft measured from the middle of the arch up the outsole of the boot to the top of the boot shaft in inches. men's footwear sizing – to measure your foot, click here to download our printable foot measurement tool. shoe size conversions vary by manufacturer. items may not be offered in all sizes. women's footwear sizing – to measure your foot, click here to download our printable foot measurement tool. shoe size conversions vary by manufacturer. items may not be offered in all sizes. youth footwear sizing – to measure your foot, click here to download our printable foot measurement tool. shoe size conversions vary by manufacturer. items may not be offered in all sizes. notices & recalls overton's cares about you and your family and we're committed to your safety. help keep your family safe by checking product recalls and safety news from the u.s. consumer product safety commission. recall information is also available at recalls.gov. about us corporate profile from small grocery carts to virtual online carts, overton's has grown over the years and proudly accepts the title of the world's largest watersports and marine accessories dealer. launched in greenville, nc in 1976, the company that sold waterskis out of a local grocery store now provides an expanded selection of over 100,000 products worldwide. we offer the best products at the best value to ensure you have everything you need to get on the water. we are proud to be part of the camping world family of brands with other reputable organizations like good sam and gander outdoors. these great partners help us to provide you with a wide scope of outdoor adventures, experiences, and gear to help you get outdoors faster and on the water longer. careers view our current job listings investor relations camping world holdings, headquartered in lincolnshire, illinois, is the leading outdoor and camping retailer, offering an extensive assortment of recreational vehicles for sale, rv and camping gear, rv maintenance and repair and the industry’s broadest and deepest range of services, protection plans, products, and resources. since the company's founding in 1966, camping world has grown to become one of the most well-known destinations for everything rv, with over 135 retail locations in 36 states and comprehensive e-commerce platform. coupled with an unsurpassed portfolio of industry-leading brands including gander outdoors, good sam, overton's, the house and windward/w82, camping world holdings has become synonymous with outdoor experiences. camping world's stock is traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol "cwh." more details on investor relations international orders are you able to ship internationally? yes! overton's currently ships products around the world to over 150 countries. we accept international orders by mail, phone, fax, email, and over the web. all international orders must be prepaid in us currency. please note we are unable to ship to the following countries: afghanistan iran northern korea russia syria cuba iraq palestinian authority sudan some items may indicate they can only be shipped to addresses within the united states as certain items may not be allowed to be exported. this could be a result of the hazardous nature of the particular product or due to restrictions imposed by the manufacturer. how much is shipping & handling for international orders? these areas require a special handling fee of $10 plus actual shipping charges based on the weight and dimensions of the package(s). for canadian and international customers, the shipping charge at checkout is an estimate; you will be contacted by our international department with an exact quote once the order has been submitted. any applicable duties, taxes, customs charges, and brokerage fees are the responsibility of the customer. there are several shipping options available to international customers: express shipping, allow 3-7 days for delivery air parcel post, allow 2-3 weeks for delivery air freight, allow 2-3 weeks for delivery what are my payment options when placing an international order? we accept payment via credit/debit card, bank wire transfer, check, or money order. to complete payment with a check or money order, please contact us to receive the complete total before sending your payment. our policies terms of use please read these terms carefully before using any cwgs group, llc website or mobile app as they may affect your legal rights. in particular, please read the section titled governing law, venue and dispute resolution, which requires all disputes to be settled by individual binding arbitration. the following terms and conditions of use ("terms" or "terms of use") are applicable to the websites, social media sites and handles and mobile apps operated by cwgs group, llc, which includes the camping world and good sam family of companies (each, a "property," collectively, the "properties"). hereafter in this documentation, cwgs group, llc and its affiliates, partners, representatives, employees, and contractors will be referred to as "cwgs," "us," or "we." certain services of the properties are provided to you in conjunction with our service providers, and their content providers, business partners and other parties (collectively, "service providers"). we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. please check these terms periodically for changes. use of content the properties contain material, such as software, text, graphics, images, video, audio and other material (collectively, "content"). the content may be owned by us or may be provided through arrangements we have with others, including other users of the properties, our service providers and their respective partners, sponsors, or affiliates. the content is protected by copyright under both united states and foreign laws. unauthorized use of the content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. you have no rights in or to the content, and you may not use the content except as permitted under these terms of use. the properties are owned and operated by cwgs. no content from the properties may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, reprinted or distributed in any way without the expressed written permission of cwgs, except that you may download or print one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of cwgs's copyright and other proprietary rights and may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties. if you violate any part of these terms of use, your permission to access and/or use the content and properties automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the content. the properties are for personal use only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically authorized by cwgs. the following activities are expressly prohibited: (i) collecting usernames and/or email addresses of other users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other communications, (ii) any use of the properties, which in cwgs's sole judgment, degrades the reliability, speed, or operation of the properties or any underlying hardware or software thereof, and (iii) any use of the properties which is unlawful or in violation of these terms of use. public forums, communication and user content "public forum" means a chat area, bulletin board, weblog, blog, review section, posting or e-mail function offered as part of any property. the properties may now or in the future permit, via public forums or other means, the submission of content at the direction of users of the site ("user content") and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such user content. you shall be solely responsible for user content you submit and the consequences of cwgs's or its service provider's posting or publishing such user content. information, views and opinions expressed in public forums are the views of the person posting the message, do not necessarily reflect the views of cwgs and are not endorsed, supported, encouraged, sanctioned, verified or agreed upon by cwgs including, but not limited to any so-called "expert", "moderator", "blog-editor" or other individual functioning in a similar capacity. cwgs reserves the right to remove or edit content that we believe may be offensive to our audience and/or which violates our family-oriented standards. please be advised that because of real-time circumstance, these materials may not always be able to be removed or edited in a timely fashion. cwgs is not responsible for any unsolicited e-mail you may receive as a result of participating in any public forum. cwgs reserves the right to terminate your ability to access any of public forum for any reason and without notice. by communicating in any public forum, you hereby represent that you have all necessary rights in the user content, communications, or other information that you have provided, transmitted or sent to the public forum. by uploading user content to any public forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) cwgs and its service providers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe. in addition to the foregoing licenses, you hereby grant both cwgs and its service providers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials in connection with other websites that make use of services provided by cwgs's service providers. you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived. in connection with user content, you further agree that you will not: (i) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant us and our service provider all of the license rights granted herein; (ii) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage us or any third party; (iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; (iv) post advertisements or solicitations of business; or (v) impersonate another person. without limitation of the foregoing, cwgs does not assume responsibility or liability for the materials found in any public forum, nor for any claims, damages or losses resulting from any use of any public forum or the materials contained therein. third party products, advice and services we are not responsible for examining or evaluating any products, advice or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, advice, services or hyperlinks appear on the site. we make no representations, warranties or conditions regarding the offerings of any third party. further, we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the products, advice, services and actions of any third parties. you understand that the purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information ordered or received from a third party is solely between you and the third party. we do not endorse, warrant or guarantee such products, advice information or services and are not liable for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such information or the quality or availability of such products, advice or services. you further understand that we will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and a third party. as with any monetary endeavor, before purchasing goods or services from any third party, you should verify with the seller any and all information (particularly the price) that impacts your decision to make a purchase. you should use your best judgment and exercise caution when purchasing a product from a third party. we are not involved in any actual transaction between any site user (including any so-called "expert", "moderator", "blog-editor" or the like) and third party, nor are we the agent of either for any purpose. as such, we will not be involved in resolving any disputes between any site user and third party relating to or arising out of any transaction between such parties. we urge site users and third parties to cooperate with one another to resolve any such disputes. copyright infringement notifications if you are a copyright holder and believe that material directly available via the properties infringes your copyrighted work, please let us know by sending a notice with the following information addressed to info@goodsam.com or at the address below: the copyright work alleged to have been infringed; the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to help us locate the material on the properties; your contact information, including at least your complete name, address, phone number and e-mail address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; a statement that the information in your notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; and your physical or electronic signature. third party products, advice and services we are not responsible for examining or evaluating any products, advice or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, advice, services or hyperlinks appear on or through the properties. we make no representations, warranties or conditions regarding the offerings of any third party. further, we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the products, advice, services and actions of any third parties. you understand that the purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information ordered or received from a third party is solely between you and the third party. we do not endorse, warrant or guarantee such products, advice information or services and are not liable for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such information or the quality or availability of such products, advice or services. you further understand that we will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and a third party. as with any monetary endeavor, before purchasing goods or services from any third party, you should verify with the seller any and all information (particularly the price) that impacts your decision to make a purchase. you should use your best judgment and exercise caution when purchasing a product from a third party. we provide links to third party direction, location and map services solely as a convenience to our users, which are intended to be used solely for informational purposes. we make no warranties on the accuracy of their content, route usability, expeditiousness or road conditions (including whether there are obstructions, like tunnels or bridges that may inhibit certain vehicles from safely using a particular route.) you assume all risk of use. cwgs and its suppliers shall not be liable to you or any other person for any loss, damage or delay resulting from your use of these third party services. we are not involved in any actual transaction between any user (including any so-called "expert", "moderator", "blog-editor" or the like) and third party, nor are we the agent of either for any purpose. as such, we will not be involved in resolving any disputes between any user and third party relating to or arising out of any transaction between such parties. we urge users and third parties to cooperate with one another to resolve any such disputes. disclaimers merchant and service availability, price and time-related information appearing on the properties are subject to change. cwgs is not responsible for any such changes and advises you to confirm all specific terms appearing on the or through the properties before acting in reliance on such terms. third-party products and services represented on any property are not necessarily endorsed or recommended by cwgs and cwgs disclaims all responsibility regarding the performance or the use of third-party products and services. cwgs does not necessarily endorse or sanction the content, products or actions of websites that are linked to or from the properties. trailer weight rating information is for informational purposes, only. read the operator's manual for your tow vehicle and trailer before purchasing or towing a trailer. additional equipment or special packages may be required by the manufacturer to achieve the trailer weight rating. state law may also require purchase of tow brakes or other safety equipment. the trailer weight ratings are compiled from data released by manufacturers and may vary based on your specific make, model, and optional packages, may contain inaccuracies, and may change from time to time. while we do our best to keep this information up-to-date and correct, we do not represent or warranty the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of this data. you are responsible for your purchase and operation of your tow vehicle and/or trailer. the materials on and available through the properties are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, cwgs disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. cwgs does not warrant that the functions contained on and available through the properties will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the properties or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. cwgs does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in and available through the properties in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. you (and not cwgs) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. indemnity and limitation of liability you agree to indemnify and hold cwgs (and its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives) harmless against all claims, liabilities, losses, penalties, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from or relating to your use of and access to the properties. under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall cwgs be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in and available through the properties, even if cwgs or a cwgs authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. in no event shall cwgs's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the properties. trademarks the camping world marks, good sam marks and freedomroads marks depicted herein are owned by cwi, inc., good sam group, llc and freedomroads, llc respectively.  all other trademarks and service marks depicted herein are owned by their respective owners. duplication, tampering or unauthorized use in any way of any cwgs group, llc trademarks is prohibited and offenders may be subject to fines and civil and/or criminal prosecution. governing law, venue and dispute resolution these terms will be governed by the laws of the state of illinois, united states, without regard to conflict-of-law principles. you agree that resolution of any dispute or claim arising out of or related to these terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts in lake county, illinois. if you believe you have a dispute or claim against us arising out of your use of the properties or under these terms, you agree to first discuss the matter informally with us for at least 30 days. to do that, you must give us written notice, which will include your full name and contact information, the nature and basis giving rise to your dispute or claim and your proposed resolution, sent to the address below, attn: legal department. if we are unable to resolve your concerns informally within 30 days after our receipt of your notice, you may file a claim in small claims court so long as you proceed only on an individual basis or commence an arbitration proceeding, which means you are agreeing to waive your right to sue in court, have a jury trial and lead or participate in a class action. the arbitration will be conducted under the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association ("aaa"). for the avoidance of doubt, you agree that you may only bring claims against cwgs in your individual capacity and not as a class member or in any representative capacity or proceeding. further, you agree that no arbitrator shall consolidate any other person's claims with your claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a multi-party or class proceeding. you agree that the award of the arbitrator will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction in the state of illinois. you agree that we may seek interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in illinois, necessary to protect its rights or property pending the completion of arbitration. you must file a demand for arbitration with the aaa within one (1) year after the date your claim arose, or within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law. otherwise, your claim is waived. international users and visitors if you are accessing or using any of the properties from a jurisdiction outside of the united states, you understand and agree that such access and use shall be governed by these terms and united states law. miscellaneous by using our properties you represent and warrant that you are 16 years of age or older. your account may be terminated without warning if we believe that you are under 16 years of age. by joining good sam club and/or other cwgs-sponsored membership clubs, you agree and acknowledge that we may recognize your membership among our affiliated companies and on our properties. for example, if you are a member of good sam club and have also joined the rv.net forum, we will indicate that you are a good sam club member by displaying a "good sam" icon by your user name whenever you post content to an rv.net forum. if you would like to remove the good sam club icon in relation to your forum posts, you may do so in your forum account in the "my profile" section. if any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. this terms of use is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties. these terms may be subject to change; the result of any change will be reflected on these pages. cwgs group, llc po box 6888 englewood, co 80155-6888 800-234-3450 info@goodsamfamily.com last updated 1/1/2020 privacy policy your privacy rights effective date: january 1, 2020 we appreciate the trust you place in cwgs group, llc and the camping world and good sam family of companies (collectively, “cwgs”). we know that your data privacy and security is important. our privacy policy (this "privacy policy") describes how we collect, protect, use, and share information gathered about you when you interact with our websites, mobile applications, social media sites and handles, email, and online services or visit one of our venues or attend an event sponsored by us (our “services”). we hope that this disclosure will help increase your confidence and enhance your experience on the internet and with us. this privacy policy explains: the types of information we collect through our services how we use and protect that information the types of information we may share with others and under what circumstances the choices you have regarding our collection, use, and sharing practices details regarding our use of third-party cookies and other tracking technologies we also include specific disclosures for residents of california and nevada. please read this privacy policy before you use this site. we always welcome your questions and feedback. for privacy-related issues, please feel free to contact us directly at any time. cwgs group, llc po box 6888 englewood, co 80155-6888 800-234-3450 privacy@campingworld.com types of information we collect and how we collect it information you provide some of the services may include features or services that permit you to enter contact information and other information about you. we collect and store any information you enter on our services. this includes: contact and demographic information when completing forms or registering to use our services. payment information and associated contact information when engaging in a transaction. appointment bookings you carry out through our services. email address information when subscribing to our email newsletters. any information or data you provide by interacting in our online forums and with our chatbots, or by commenting on content posted on bulletin boards and other public areas of our services (“public areas”). please note that these comments are also visible to other users of our services. information you provide when you complete a survey administered by us or a service provider acting on our behalf. information you may submit to inquire about or apply for a job with us. information you provide when you participate in a contest or sweepstakes that we offer. if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any contact information provided. medical or health information that you provide to us when requesting special accommodations or filing incident reports in the course of using our services. some of this information may be collected by external parties, called service providers, on our behalf. for example, we use a payment processor when you engage in a transaction with us. information we collect automatically when you interact with the services, certain information about your use of our services is collected automatically. this includes: details of your visits to our site and information generated in the course of the use of our site (including the timing, frequency, and pattern of service use) including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, the resources that you access, and how you reached our site. details regarding the device you use to access our services, including, but not limited to, your ip address, operating system, and browser type. information about how you interact with our ads and newsletters, including whether you open or click links in any correspondence. information that you make available to us on a social media platform (such as by clicking on a social media icon linked from our services), including your account id or username and other information included in your posts. cookies much of the information that we collect automatically is collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies, as well as through your web browser or device.  cwgs relies on partners to provide many features and to process and collect data about your use of our services and other sites. cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your browser while you are viewing the website. these pieces of information allow the websites to remember important information that will make your use of those sites more useful. our sites and other websites use cookies for a variety of purposes. we use third party cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and process information about your browsing and buying activity on our website. we contract with one or more third party site analysis service partners to provide us with a data collection and reporting service. when you access our site, a third party site analysis service partner may use cookies and other technologies on our behalf and may receive information about your browsing and buying activity on our website. such data collection may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregated data with our affiliates, agents and business partner. this aggregate information does not identify you personally. we may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like firefox or internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many of our features that make your web experience more efficient. beacons our html-formatted emails may contain a web beacon to tell us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements within the email. we may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to users. the web beacon will be deleted when you delete the email. emails in plain text (if applicable) rather than html will not include the web beacon. pixel tags we use pixel tags (also sometimes also known as web beacons), which are transparent images, iframes, or javascript, to understand how consumers interact with our site online, including on websites and in mobile apps. pixel tags are small blocks of code on a webpage or app that allow them to read and place cookies and transmit information to us or our partners. mobile identifiers when accessing our website on a mobile device or using any of our mobile applications, we will have access to your location if you have enabled location services on your device.  we will also have access to your mobile device id, which is unique to your device and does not by itself contain any personally identifiable information. how we use the personal information that we collect when you supply us with personal information, the information you provide is added to our customer file. we may use the information we collect for the following purposes: to contact you regarding promotions, discounts, and other services, provided by cwgs or our third party business partners, and when you request email bulletins or newsletters or join our club. to contact you in response to an inquiry, complaint, or incident report. to provide you with our products and services, including to complete transactions, take steps to enter into a contract for sale or for services, process payments, fulfill orders, and send service communications. to enable additional features on our services and to provide you with a personalized service. create custom audiences on social media sites and search engine platforms and to understand and respond to your comments and reviews of our services on social media sites and search engine platforms. to provide you with the best service, improve and grow our business, and understand the effectiveness of our marketing, including by understanding our customer base and purchasing trends. to understand how our services are being used, track site performance, and make improvements. to deliver tailored advertising on our services based on your preferences or interests across services and devices and measuring the effectiveness of ads. to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal, and to comply with legal requirements regarding the provision of products and services. in addition, by joining good sam club, you agree and acknowledge that we may recognize your membership among our affiliated companies and on our web sites. for example, if you are a member of good sam club and have also joined the rv.net forum, we will indicate that you are a good sam club member by displaying a "good sam" icon by your user name whenever you post content to an rv.net forum. if you would like to remove the good sam club icon in relation to your forum posts, you may do so in your forum account in the "my profile" section. how we share your information service providers we engage the following types of vendors to perform functions on our behalf such as: delivery services, customer information management, customer communications and marketing services, billing and collection, order fulfillment, auditing and accounting, professional services/consultants; analytics services; security services; and it support. these companies are restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to deliver or provide you our products and services. there are limited circumstances in which the service provider collects data directly from you when their privacy policies may also apply. content providers on some of our sites, we provide content that is created by a third-party website. in some instances the third-party sites will collect information in order to facilitate the transaction or to make the use of their content more productive and efficient. in these circumstances the information collected is shared between our third-party sponsors and us. social media platforms where you choose to interact with us through social media, your interaction with these programs typically allows the social media company to collect some information about you through cookies or other tracking mechanisms that they place on your device. in some cases, the social media company may recognize you through its digital cookies even when you do not interact with their application. please visit the social media companies’ respective privacy policies to better understand their data collection practices and the controls they make available to you. third-party advertisers and network advertisers we partner with companies that assist us in advertising about our services to others who may be interested in the services. these companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from the services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting. in addition, some advertisements on our site are promoting products and services from third-party companies. these companies are called "network advertisers." network advertisers collect information when you visit our site. the information is collected using technology, so you may not realize it is being collected. the network advertisers collect this information so that they can show you ads that are more relevant and interesting to you. our privacy policy does not apply when you click on an advertisement and leave our site. you must read the privacy policy of that advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on its site. business partners and sponsors to enhance your experience on our services,  we provide information to a select group of companies that offer products and services that may be of interest to you (our "business partners"). on occasion, we offer promotions – such as sweepstakes or free camping – in conjunction with a sponsor. we may share your information with the sponsors if they need it to send you a product, such as a magazine subscription or fulfill the offer of a free night camping. we may share your information with those sponsors that can send you other special promotions. in addition, we will occasionally send e-mail promotions to our users on behalf of third-party sponsors regarding lifestyle-related products or services. sale of businesses we may sell certain of our businesses or assets to other companies in connection with a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy. when such transactions take place, visitor information (including personal information) may constitute a part of the transferred business assets. in the event that we, or any of our affiliates, sell some, all or substantially all of our assets to another company, visitor information (including personal information) likely will be disclosed and transferred as an asset to such company. organizations that help protect the security and safety of our users and our sites we will disclose personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena; to enforce our terms of service, sweepstakes/contest rules, or assert or defend other legal claims; to a regulator or consumer protection authority with jurisdiction over us, or to protect the safety, integrity, and security of our services, users, and information. we are not responsible for what third parties do with any information that you make available in public areas of our services. as such, we advise that you exercise great care in determining what information you choose to make publicly available through our services. additional information about our data practices sharing of aggregated data we may share aggregated or deidentified data at our discretion, including with marketing agencies, media agencies and analytics providers. these other companies will not be able to relate this data to identifiable individuals. combination of information we may combine information from the services together and with other information we obtain from our business records. additionally, information collected about you from a particular browser or device may be linked to information collected from another computer or device that we believe relates to you. sharing of medical or health information to the extent that we receive health information about you, that information is subject to electronic disclosure to extent permitted by applicable law. choices you have about our collection, usage and sharing of your information how you can access your account information if you have established an account with one of our business units, you can review your communication preferences through the "my account" section of our websites. communication preferences are permissions that you have granted us to communicate with you on specific areas of interest. you may make modifications to your communication preferences directly through this section of "my account". if you don't have an account, can't find your account, or some of our services do not provide an account section, you can simply contact us via email by clicking "contact us" located at the bottom of all of our web pages or send an email directly to privacy@campingworld.com. please include information in the email that will help us identify your account so we can assist you with your inquiry or request. e-mail communications when you register with us or give us your contact information, you may have an opportunity to limit e-mail communications from us and our third-party marketing partners. at any time you can request that we not send e-mails to you either by unsubscribing from the communication or by contacting us at privacy@campingworld.com. direct mail communications when you subscribe to our publications, join the good sam club, or otherwise do business with us, please tell us if you do not want to receive our direct mail marketing offers for any or just certain products and/or services. we will mark your account for a three-year period. you will not receive any direct mail offers from us during this three-year period for those products and/or services that you have indicated to us that you are not interested in receiving. if you change your mind, just get in touch with us and ask that we include you in future offerings. please note that because marketing campaigns are planned a few months ahead of time, you may continue to receive marketing offers for two to four months after making a request. write to us at good sam mail preference service, p.o. box 6888, englewood, co 80155-6888 to opt out from specific future mailings. third party ad tracking and serving our third party advertising and business partners may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected. you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative ("nai") by following instructions on the nai's website: https://www.networkadvertising.org/. the type of security we provide we use a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect the information we collect through the services. while we use these precautions to safeguard your information, we cannot guarantee the security of the networks, systems, servers, devices, and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf. there are some things that you can do to help protect the security of your information as well. for instance, never give out your password, since this is what is used to access all of your account information. also remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you finish surfing the web so that other people using the same computer won't have access to your information. children our site is not directed to or intended for, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. if you are under sixteen, please do not submit any personal information through our website. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal information on our website without their permission. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us through this website, please contact us. international users our site is operated and hosted in the united states.  information that you provide to us and the data that we collect as a result of your visiting and using our site will be collected, processed in and transferred to the u.s. and is subject to u.s. law. the privacy and data protection laws in the u.s. may not be equivalent to or adequate under the laws in your country of residence or from which you access this site. by visiting this site or by providing us with your personal information you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the u.s. california and nevada privacy rights persons with disabilities may obtain this notice in alternative format upon request by contacting us at privacy@campingworld.com. california shine the light california civil code section 1798.83 permits california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@campingworld.com.  our website currently does not honor browser “do not track” signals. california consumer privacy act the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) provides california residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “personal information,” as well as rights to know/access, delete, and limit sharing of personal information. the ccpa defines “personal information” as “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” certain information we collect may be exempt from the ccpa because it is considered public information (i.e., it is made available by a government entity) or covered by a specific federal privacy law, such as the gramm–leach–bliley act, the health insurance portability and accountability act, or the fair credit reporting act. to the extent that we collect personal information that is subject to the ccpa, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below. right to notice at collection regarding the categories of personal information collected you have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we collect, and the purposes for which those categories of personal information will be used. this notice should be provided at or before the time of collection. the categories we use to describe the information are those enumerated in the ccpa. personal identifiers: we collect your name, phone number, and email address and contact address when you create an account or complete a transaction. if you choose to create an account, you will also be asked to create a username, and we will assign one or more unique identifiers to your profile. we use this information to provide the services, respond to your requests, and send information and advertisements to you. we collect your social media handle and basic account information when you interact with our services through social media.  we may also collect your social media handle if you post reviews or comments relating to our services through social media. we collect a unique numerical identifier, assigned to you by a first-party cookie, automatically when you use our services in order to identify you, provide the services, keep you logged in to the services, prevent fraud, and provide you with targeted information and offers. we collect payment information when you provide it to us, which may include your credit card number or a bank account number, when you complete a transaction. you may have the option to store this information to your account or set up a recurring transaction. we use this information to streamline and facilitate payments and transactions. we may collect your social security number, driver’s license number. we use this information to identify you, authenticate and collate information about you, to prevent fraud, and to conduct background checks or other screening activities. we may collect medical information and health information about you if you provide that information to us as part of a complaint, claim or incident report. we use this information to address and resolve your concerns or claims regarding our services. we collect your ip address automatically when you use our services. we use this information to identify you, gauge online activity on our website, measure the effectiveness of online services, applications, and tools, and serve targeted advertisements based on your online activities. we collect your device id automatically when you use our services. we use this information to monitor your use and the effectiveness of our services, to identify you, and to provide you with targeted information and offers. protected classifications: we collect your gender and date of birth to verify identity and extend personalized offers.  we also collect citizenship and marital status to facilitate offers of credit.  we do not collect your racial or ethnic origin, or sexual orientation.  we may collect your disability status if you request an accommodation, or provide that information as part of a claim or incident report. commercial information: when you engage in transactions with us, we create records of goods or services purchased or considered, as well as purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. we may combine this information with other information to make inferences regarding your preferences. we use this information to measure the effectiveness of our services, advertising, and promotions, and to provide you with targeted information, advertisements and offers. biometric information: we do not collect information about your physiological, biological, and behavioral characteristics. internet or other electronic network activity information: we collect information about your browsing history, search history, information regarding your interaction with websites, and applications or advertisements automatically when you utilize our services. we use this information to gauge online activity on our website, measure the effectiveness of online services, applications, and tools, and to serve targeted advertisements and offers based on your online activities. geolocation data: as described above, we collect your ip address automatically when you use our services. we may be able to determine your general location based on the ip address. we also collect your precise location  (e.g., your gps coordinates), through your device. if you allow your device to provide us with this information, we use it to make improvements to our products and services, measure the effectiveness and use of our serives, and to provide recommendations and deliver relevant advertising. audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information: if you contact us via phone, we may record the call. we will notify you if a call is being recorded at the beginning of the call. we also collect the content of public posts or reviews that you make available through social media or other websites.  we collect your photographic or video image if you visit one of our facilities. we use this information to respond to specific issues, claims, or complaints, to monitor our customer service, maintain the security of our systems and physical locations, aid in theft detection and monitoring, and train employees.  we also collect photographic and video images in connection with customer testimonials for marketing and promotional advertising. professional or employment-related information: we collect information about your current employer and your employment history if you apply for a job with us. we use this information to conduct background and other screening activities. we also collect information about your current employer and your employment history if you apply for a credit card or to facilitate other offers of credit. education information: we collect information about the institutions you have attended and the level of education you have attained if you apply for a job with us. we use this information to conduct background and other screening activities. inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics: we may analyze your actual or likely preferences through a series of computer processes. on some occasions, we may add our observations to your internal profile. we also collect this information from our advertising and business partners.  we use this information to gauge and develop our marketing activities, measure the appeal and effectiveness of our services, applications, and tools, and to provide you with targeted information, advertisements, and offers. we may use any of the categories of information listed above for other business or operational purposes compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. we may share any of the above-listed information with service providers, which are companies that we engage for business purposes to conduct activities on our behalf. service providers are restricted from using personal information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement. the categories of service providers with whom we share information and the services they provide are described in our privacy policy above in the section titled “service providers”. we also sell information to third parties, as described below. to opt out of the sale of your information visit our do not sell my info page. right to know/access information you have the right to request access to personal information collected about you and information regarding the source of that information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. you may submit such a request as described below. to protect our customers’ personal information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request. right to request deletion of information you have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete any personal information that we have collected directly from you. you may submit such a request as described below. to protect our customers’ personal information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request. we may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. if we do, we will explain that to you in our response. how to submit a request you may submit a request to exercise your rights to know/access or delete your personal information through any one of three means: by filling out a consumer data request form available here. by calling us at (866) 890-2810) by requesting a consumer data request form at any of our locations in california. verification procedures in order to process your request to know/access or delete personal information we collect, disclose, or sell, we must verify your request. we do this by: asking you to provide personal identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously; or provide a good sam club member number, recent order number, or other transactional information if you’ve purchased a product or service from us; and confirm your request using the email or telephone number stated in the request. authorized agent you may authorize another individual or a business registered with the california secretary of state, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf. we require that you and the individual complete notarized affidavits in order to verify the identity of the authorized agent and confirm that you have authorized them to act on your behalf. parents of minor children may submit a birth of the child certificate in lieu of an affidavit, in order to make requests on the child’s behalf. sample forms will be provided in the verification process. right to opt out of sale of personal information to third parties you have the right to opt out of any sale of your personal information by cwgs to third parties. we sell information to third parties. to “sell” information means to disclose it to a company for monetary or other benefit. a company may be considered a third party either because the purpose of sharing is not an enumerated business purpose under california law, or because our contract does not restrict them from using personal information for other purposes. we sell the following information: personal identifiers: we provide your name, email address, mailing address, ip address, and device id to our advertising partners and business partners. internet or other electronic network activity information: we exchange your browsing history, search history, information regarding your interaction with websites, and applications or advertisements with our advertising and business partners. inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics: we exchange information about your actual or likely preferences with our advertising and business partners. to exercise your right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, please visit our "do not sell my info" webpage or call us at (866) 890-2810. please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of personal information with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the personal information only for that function. we may also disclose information to other entities who are not listed here when required by law or to protect our company or other persons, as described in this privacy policy. right to information regarding participation in data sharing for financial incentives you have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your ccpa rights. we offer promotions whereby we incentivize a consumer to share certain pieces of information with us, or to register for a club or service, by offering a financial incentive, such as a discount. for example, we may offer a one-time discount if consumers sign up for our email marketing list. participation in all promotions and clubs is voluntary, and you may opt out of the sale of your personal information at any time. special information for nevada residents residents of the state of nevada have the right to opt out of the sale of certain pieces of their information to other companies who will sell or license their information to others.  to make a request, please contact us at privacy@campingworld.com or complete our consumer data request form. policy changes please note: due to the rapidly changing nature of the internet, we may change this privacy policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. all changes to this privacy policy are effective when posted. in the event of any material changes to our collection, use, retention, or disclosure of personal information, we will notify users of our site of the change by providing an "updated as of" date on the "privacy policy" link on our website, which "updated as of" date will remain in the "privacy policy" link for a period of at least 30 days after the effectiveness of the changes. pi collection notice we may collect personal information from you when you visit our website. some of our websites may include features or services that permit you to enter contact information and other information about you. you may know because you provide the information directly to us. other information about your use of our website is collected automatically. for more information about the categories of personal information we collect and how we use the information, please see the sections of our privacy policy titled, “types of information we collect and how we collect it” and “how we use the personal information that we collect”. our complete privacy policy may be found here. to opt out of the sale of your information visit our do not sell my info page. terms of sale download our terms of sale charitable donations overton's currently sponsors several national and regional organizations that benefit our customers in a variety of ways. we take great pride in giving back to the communities where we do business, however, all requests cannot be granted. due to the enormous volume of requests, we will only contact individuals if their requests will be filled. please know that all donation requests are given serious consideration. we wish all organizations success in their endeavors. if you're seeking a donation from overton's, please meet and follow these guidelines: organizations should be non-profit and classified as a 501(c) 3 or similar by the internal revenue service all requests should indicate the purpose or need for a donation and must be submitted on the association, group, company, or school letterhead that includes the primary name of the organization, as well as the address, phone number, email address, and contact person all requests must be printed and mailed to overton's inc., attn: donation request / 111 red banks rd / greenville, nc 27858 only one request per organization per calendar year will be considered all requests must include the date, time, and verifiable location of the event and how the item will be used (prize, raffle, auction, etc.) please include a physical shipping address for the donation to be sent all requests should be made 6-8 weeks prior to the scheduled event ca supply chain disclosure at overton's, we have worked hard to become a recognized and respected outdoor outfitter and attribute our success to remaining true to our core values, which focus on ethical conduct, supporting our local community, and constantly improving. we expect that our associates and business partners share these core values and understand that our local community extends to those who work hard each day to create products that end up in our homes and on our roads. while this expectation informs how we do business, the state of california asks that we tell you a little more about how overton's works with the companies that bring us the products we offer to you: first and foremost, it is overton's policy not to purchase any products made or acquired in any way through the use of forced labor or human trafficking. overton's vendors and direct importer commit to us that the products we purchase comply with all applicable laws. because of this expectation, overton's does not currently verify, internally or through a third party, their respective product supply chains to evaluate and address the risks of human trafficking and forced labor. overton's does not independently audit suppliers to evaluate compliance with our expectation that the supply chains are free from human trafficking and forced labor. overton's does not require suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the final products comply with local anti-trafficking and forced labor laws. while overton's expects our associates to share our core values, we do not maintain separate internal accountability standards and procedures for associates or contractors who fail to meet our standards regarding human trafficking and forced labor. finally, overton's does not provide associates or management who have direct responsibility for supply chain management training on human trafficking and forced labor. overton's digital accessibility statement our policy & commitment at overton's (the "company") we are committed to accessibility, diversity and inclusion. we believe all of our customers, consumers and staff should be able to have equal and effective access to our core websites and other public-facing digital communication. in doing so, the company has a goal to comply with applicable accessibility laws and regulations including the americans with disabilities act (ada). digital accessibility statement to meet this standard, we have dedicated resources to our digital accessibility compliance effort, including those who coordinate the effort, and those responsible for designing, developing and testing our core website, smartphone apps, websites, chat and digital content. we also work to ensure that our support documentation and services meet accessibility requirements. while we do not control our industry partners and vendors, we encourage them to provide accessible content and assist them in identifying areas that need improvement. contact if you would like further information about the company's digital accessibility compliance efforts, have a question, or would like to request auxiliary aids or services, please contact us in one of the following ways: phone: contact our team by phone by calling (800) 334-6541. for deaf or hard-of-hearing telephone, dial 711 to connect to the telecommunications relay service (trs). email us last updated 7/31/2019 email unsubscribe to unsubscribe from email please click the unsubscribe link located at bottom of email received. contact us call 1-800-334-6541 (1-800-334-6541) 1-800-334-6541 8am 9pm et email contact us with any questions. we will reply as quickly as we can. chat 8am-9pm et climb aboard sign up for emails and stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and promotions. enter your email address sign up i would like to recieve email information from affiliates of overton's follow us © cwi, inc. 2021. all rights reserved. help & support 1-800-334-6541 email us help center site map order support easy returns shipping & delivery track my order our stores store locator our partners good sam camping world gander rv the house our policies accessibility commitment ca supply chain disclosure privacy policy pi notice of collection do not sell my info terms of sale terms of use product support gift cards notices and recalls reviews boat cover selector bimini top selector propeller selector resource center corporate info about us blog careers investor relations team member assistance good sam rewards credit card apply now manage good sam rewards visa manage good sam rewards credit card follow us © cwi, inc. 2021. all rights reserved. remove product? × are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes