来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231220044537/https://www.overtons.com/helpcenter
================================================================================

customer service | overton's skip to main content skip to footer content free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $69. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $69. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $69. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $69. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $69. | join now free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $69. | join now need help? (800)-334-6541 | main menu sign in create account check my order my favorites shop by category watersports watersports towables & tubes towables & tubes 1-person tubes 2-person tubes 3-person tubes 4-person tubes commercial grade tubes tube ropes tube pumps & accessories repair kits trampolines, bouncers & water mats trampolines, bouncers & water mats water trampolines water bouncers attachments water mats packages & parks inflatable docks pool & lake floats pool & lake floats pool floats & lounges party island water mats water toys & games lights & fountains inflatable docks water skis water skis combo waterskis slalom waterskis trainer & junior waterskis trick & wake skis waterski bindings waterski accessories barefoot barefoot barefoot booms barefoot handles & lines wakeboards wakeboards men's wakeboards women's wakeboards junior & kids wakeboards wakefoils & air chairs wakeboard bindings wakeboard accessories wakeboard towers & accessories wake shapers & ballast accesssories wakeskates & wakesurfers wakeskates & wakesurfers wakeskates wakesurfers wakesurf ropes & handles board bags & cases replacement fins wake shapers & ballast accessories kneeboards & multipurpose boards kneeboards & multipurpose boards kneeboards multipurpose boards kneeboard ropes & handles kneeboard bags & cases replacement straps & fins stand up paddleboards stand up paddleboards performance sup yoga sup fishing sup inflatable sup all-around sup sup paddles sup accessories kayaks, canoes & inflatable boats kayaks, canoes & inflatable boats kayaks canoes inflatable boats paddles hardware life jackets & pfds life jackets & pfds men's life jackets women's life jackets junior & kids life jackets inflatable life jackets pet life jackets multi packs fishing life jackets kayak life vests wetsuits, drysuits, & rash guards wetsuits, drysuits, & rash guards men's wetsuits women's wetsuits junior wetsuits neoprene shorts & tops drysuits rashguards dive & snorkel gear dive & snorkel gear snorkel sets goggles mask dive boots seascooter dive knives pwc accessories anchoring & docking anchoring & docking anchoring anchoring anchors anchor lines anchor rollers anchor chain & shackles winches & windlasses boat hooks anchor line accessories boat fenders boat fenders cylindrical fenders round fenders fender covers fender pumps fender racks & storage fender lines & hangers specialty fenders mooring whips & buoys mooring whips & buoys mooring whips mooring buoys dock bumpers & edging dock bumpers & edging corner bumper straight bumper dock wheel post bumper dock edging mounting hardware dock lines, cleats & hardware dock lines, cleats & hardware dock cleats dock lines dock hardware snubbers dock line accessories floating & stationary docks floating & stationary docks stationary docks stationary dock hardware floating docks floating dock hardware roll-in docks dock manuals boat & pwc lifts ladders & swim platforms ladders & swim platforms boat ladders dock ladders swim platforms pontoon ladders ladder brackets & mounts dock & pier lights dock de-icers dock boxes & storage dock accessories dock accessories steps & handrails dock carts weed removal bird deterrents boat hooks boat & pontoon seats boat & pontoon seats boat seats boat seats helm & fishing seats lounge & jump seats bucket seats boat seat pedestals console & helms boat seat cushions seat covers matching vinyl deck chairs pontoon boat furniture pontoon boat furniture pontoon boat seat packages pontoon arm rests captain chairs pontoon consoles corner couch corner seats pontoon flip flop seats folding boat seats lean back and reclining seats lounge seats replacement cushions & bases matching vinyl pontoon tables & pedestals pontoon boat hardware pontoon accessories pontoon boat furniture covers covers & tops covers & tops boat covers boat covers custom fit boat covers semi custom boat covers t-top & center console covers universal fit boat covers pontoon boat covers boat cover accessories bimini tops bimini tops standard bimini tops replacement frames replacement fabric tower bimini tops storage boots bimini hardware & accessories pontoon bimini tops pontoon bimini tops traditional bimini tops extra long bimini tops pontoon replacement frames pontoon replacement fabric pontoon storage boots pontoon hardware & accessories shades & enclosures pwc & jet ski covers pwc & jet ski covers custom fit pwc covers universal pwc covers boats, motors & engine parts boats, motors & engine parts boats boats inflatable boats boat accessories nepallo pontoon boats outboard motors outboard motors 4-stroke outboards electric outboards outboard mounts & brackets outboard motor covers outboard motor accessories trolling motors trolling motors bow-mount trolling motors transom-mount trolling motors trolling motor batteries & electrical trolling motor mounts & brackets trolling motor propellers trolling motor accessories kayak trolling motors boat engine parts boat engine parts air filters water pumps & cooling systems anodes manifolds carburetors & fuel injection starters spark plugs & tune up kits tilt trim motors alternators solenoids power packs stators marine diesel components exhaust & mufflers outboard motor accessories engine repair manuals engine hose gasket sealant oem fasteners seals & o-rings lower unit gaskets ignition pistons & seals drive system starter system internal engine system (ies) lubrication electrical v-belts & drive belts tools & shop supplies fuel systems fuel systems fuel & water separators fuel filters fuel fittings & hardware fuel pumps fuel treatment portable fuel tanks & caddies below deck fuel tanks above deck fuel tanks blowers & vents steering & control steering & control steering wheels steering cables & systems throttle & shifter controls steering knobs other steering & control propellers propellers aluminum propellers stainless steel propellers composite propellers nibral propellers prop nuts & washers prop wrenches propeller & skeg guards propeller hub kits propeller shafts boat performance boat performance trim tabs transom jacks hydrofoils skeg & prop protectors engine maintenance engine maintenance 2-stroke oil 4-stroke oil antifreeze fogging oil fuel additives gear lube & lower unit oil oil change pumps oil filters boat zincs & anodes motor flushers tilt & trim fluid spark plugs & tune up kits pwc & jet ski parts pwc & jet ski parts pwc impellers & performance pwc batteries & starters pwc flusher & primer kits batteries & accessories batteries & accessories battery cables & terminals battery switches battery boxes, trays & accessories batteries battery chargers & inverters battery chargers & inverters onboard chargers power inverters solar chargers portable chargers power converters charger cables & accessories gauges gauges speedometers tachometers amp & voltmeters trim gauges water temp gauges oil pressure gauges fuel gauges water pressure gauges hour meters gauge kits sending units trailering trailering trailer winches trailer winches manual trailer winches electric trailer winches winch straps & cables winch accessories trailer jacks & dollies trailer jacks & dollies single wheel dual wheel standard electric tongue jack trailer dolly trailer brakes, bearings & hubs trailer brakes, bearings & hubs trailer brakes trailer bearings & grease trailer hubs trailer axle trailer actuators trailer guides & guide-ons trailer guides & guide-ons post guide-ons bunk guide-ons roller guide-ons guide-on accessories trailer lights trailer lights trailer light kits marker & clearance lights replacement tail lights wiring, adapters & accessories trailer hardware trailer hardware fenders brackets couplers other hardware trailer bunks & bunk carpet trailer bunks & bunk carpet bunk carpet glide-ons & rollers fasteners & additional accessories boat trailer rollers boat trailer rollers bow rollers & bow stops boat trailer keel rollers & keel pads bunk rollers & wobble rollers roller end caps & roller tips straight rollers trailer roller hardware trailer tires & rims trailer tires & rims trailer tires & rims spare tire carriers other tire accessories boat trailer tie-downs trailer locks & security trailer hitch accessories trailer hitch accessories hitch balls ball mounts hitch guards & covers towpower hitch other accessories vehicle accessories vehicle accessories racks & carriers bungee cords gps back up cameras other trailering accessories repair, maintenance & hardware repair, maintenance & hardware boat cleaning supplies boat cleaning supplies cleaners, wax & protectants cleaner applicators & tools boat paint finishes boat paint finishes boat paint wood finishes paint tools & accessories fiberglass & gelcoat repair fiberglass & gelcoat repair marine caulking & adhesives putties & sealants epoxy resins additives polyester resins cloth & matting gelcoat repair resin pumps & accessories carpet & flooring carpet & flooring marine carpet non-skid vinyl boat flooring boat mats & helm pads marine lumber & re-decking adhesives hardware hardware deck hardware boat cleats hatches & deck plates drain plugs fastener & snap kits rub rail wiper blades & motors scuppers ladders & swim platforms ladders & swim platforms boat ladders dock ladders swim platforms pontoon ladders ladder brackets & mounts boat lettering & numbers boat lettering & numbers precut vinyl decals state registration numbers vinyl striping & accessories boat & pwc mirrors safety safety life jackets & pfds life jackets & pfds men's life jackets women's life jackets junior & kids life jackets inflatable life jackets pet life jackets multi packs fishing life jackets throw cushions & rings signal devices signal devices horns & whistles flares strobes alarms epirbs & plbs black box systems survival suits & life rafts fire extinguishers & detectors first aid kits paddles & boat hooks regulatory buoys & signs watersports flags boat & pwc mirrors boat lettering & numbers boat lettering & numbers precut vinyl decals state registration numbers vinyl striping & accessories floating lanyards & rings cabin, galley & decor cabin, galley & decor marine grills marine grills grills mounts pedestals covers decor & teak decor & teak nautical decor teak wood & teak care heating, cooling & ventilation heating, cooling & ventilation fans heaters vents air conditioner pumps dehumidifiers storage storage dry boxes caddys gear bags waterproof cases transport cases galley storage tables & pedestals cup & drink holders appliances freshwater systems freshwater systems faucets showers sinks water filters water heaters water tanks water treatment marine sanitation marine sanitation marine holding tanks marine toilet chemicals marine toilet paper & holders marine toilet parts marine toilets flags flags flags flag poles & hardware instruments instruments digital instruments compasses binoculars & optics weather tide & time books & videos electronics & navigation electronics & navigation marine stereos marine stereos stereo packages receivers amplifiers speakers & subwoofers stereo accessories vhf marine radios & communication vhf marine radios & communication fixed-mount vhf radios handheld vhf radios two way frs radios cb radios satellite & web communication antennas & mounts communication accessories marine autopilots marine autopilots autopilot components powerboat autopilots autopilot packages sailpilots autopilot remotes fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders depth sounders gps & fishfinder combos handheld gps fixed-mount gps gps antennas transducers & sonar accessories charting & cartography charting & cartography navionics cartography c-map cartography humminbird cartography garmin cartography raymarine cartography software computers multi-function network systems multi-function network systems multi-function network displays network cables multi-function cameras network radar antennas black box sounders multi-function packages ais gps antennas transducers & sonar accessories radars radars radar mounts radar domes open array radars radar screens radar accessories tvs & entertainment tvs & entertainment mounts antennas & receivers tvs cables action cameras action cameras cameras & filters chargers & cables mounts cases mounts, enclosures & storage mounts, enclosures & storage mounts & mount accessories marine electronics enclosures dry cases chargers phone accessories thermal cameras thermal cameras cameras mounts accessories electrical electrical switches & panels switches & panels fuse holders & blocks circuit breakers busbars toggle & rocker switches switch panels battery switches ignition switches push & pull switches rotary switches fuses lighting lighting navigation lights search, deck & hull lights courtesy & interior lights underwater lights handheld lights deck, dock & pier lights batteries & accessories batteries & accessories marine battery cables & terminals battery switches battery boxes, trays & accessories batteries battery chargers & inverters battery chargers & inverters onboard chargers power inverters solar chargers portable chargers power converters phone & usb chargers charger cables & accessories electrical wiring & repair electrical wiring & repair primary wire duplex wire triplex wire specialty wire battery cables & terminals electrical terminals & connectors wire support, ties & tubing electrical terminal kits wiring tools circuit breakers fuse holders & blocks 12 volt plugs & outlets shore power shore power adapters, plugs & outlets cord holders & covers electrical cord sets phone & tv wiring shore power accessories pumps & plumbing pumps & plumbing marine pumps marine pumps bilge pumps general purpose pumps washdown pumps macerator pumps freshwater pumps water & cooling pumps bait, livewell & aerator pumps air conditioner pumps pressure pump parts marine hose & clamps marine hose & clamps marine hose marine clamps boat plumbing fittings boat plumbing fittings thru-hull fittings deck fills metal plumbing fittings plastic plumbing fittings plumbing inlets plumbing strainers plumbing valves plumbing drains freshwater systems freshwater systems faucets accumulator tanks showers sinks water filters water heaters water tanks water treatment marine sanitation marine sanitation marine holding tanks marine toilet chemicals marine toilet paper & holders marine toilet parts marine toilets outdoor gear outdoor gear outdoor cooking outdoor cooking stoves outdoor grills grilling accessories deep fryers & steamers outdoor kitchen smokers & accessories outdoor seating & tables outdoor seating & tables director chairs folding & bag chairs hammocks kids chairs recliners rockers ottomans & chair accessories bean bag chairs tables canopies, shelters & screenrooms outdoor lighting outdoor lighting spotlights electric lanterns headlamps flashlights propane lanterns patio lights solar lighting lighting accessories packs, bags & cases packs, bags & cases dry bags duffel bags mesh & tote backpacks electronic bags & cases insect control sun protection beach towels outdoor toys & games bikes, scooters & accessories bikes, scooters & accessories bikes bike helmets cycling apparel cycling shoes pack bags & trailers bike accessories bike racks bike components tools & maintenance kid's cycling scooters outdoor camping outdoor camping tents sleeping equipment camp tools camp safety & survival camp bathroom vehicle accessories vehicle accessories racks & carriers bungee cords gps back up cameras other vehicle accessories generators generators portable generators generator accessories generator covers books & directories ice chests & coolers ice chests & coolers hard sided coolers soft sided coolers electric coolers novelty coolers cooler accessories drinkware pet pet fences gates & containment pet steps & ramps collars leashes & harnesses pet apparel pet furniture & covers bowls & feeders pet food pet grooming waste management pet life jackets pet toys fire pits fishing fishing fishing rods, reels & combos fishing rods, reels & combos fishing rods fishing reels fishing rod & reel combos fishing rod & reel accessories terminal tackle terminal tackle line & leaders boat tackle boxes & storage boat tackle boxes & storage soft tackle boxes hard tackle boxes utility boxes fishing tools & accessories fishing tools & accessories filet & processing bait storage nets tools gloves fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders depth sounders gps & fishfinder combos handheld gps fixed-mount gps gps antennas transducers & sonar accessories trolling motors trolling motors bow-mount trolling motors transom-mount trolling motors trolling motor batteries & electrical trolling motor mounts & brackets trolling motor propellers trolling motor accessories downriggers outriggers shallow water anchors fishing life jackets fishing kayaks & sups fishing boat seats clothing & footwear clothing & footwear men's clothing men's clothing men's outerwear men's sweatshirts & hoodies men's shirts & tops men's pants men's shorts men's swimwear men's wetsuits men's baselayer men's accessories men's loungewear women's clothing women's clothing women's outerwear women's sweatshirts & hoodies women's shirts & tops women's pants women's shorts women's swimwear women's wetsuits women's baselayer women's accessories footwear footwear men's footwear women's footwear kids' footwear footwear accessories sunglasses outlet deals deals trending now clearance hot buys bestsellers new products members only specials good sam - join today good sam credit card trending now contact us call now email us deals trending now clearance hot buys bestsellers new products members only specials good sam - join today good sam credit card use up and down arrow keys to navigate search results. sign in sign in create account check my order my favorites 0 use up and down arrow keys to navigate search results. about my order shipping & delivery easy returns pricing & promotions product information about us international orders our policies about my order what is non-member & good sam pricing? at overton's, we make every effort to offer the best products at the best value. in addition to our competitive pricing, we offer exclusive savings for good sam members. simply look for items denoted as members-only specials within the "deals" drop-down menu. good sam members also receive early access to our overton's sales & promotions, double discount days, members-only specials, free shipping offers and much more! simply add your good sam membership number to your cart and start receiving the benefits of additional savings and coupons today. join now for more details. when can i cancel or modify my order? we try to ship your order as quickly as possible, so once your order has been processed we are no longer able to cancel or modify it. if necessary your order may be returned or exchanged. please see our easy returns for more information. how do i track my order? once your order ships, we will email you all available tracking information.  or you can locate tracking details here: track my order.  we are also available every day from 8am-9pm est to answer any questions you may have regarding your order or shipment. contact us at 1-800-334-6541. i ordered several items, why did they arrive in multiple shipments? we make every effort to ship your items together; however, there are times when we may have to divide your order into multiple shipments. common reasons for dividing an order are: item availability items shipping directly from a vendor large orders requiring multiple boxes please note that when an order is divided into multiple shipments, you are not charged an additional fee. what does it mean when an item is backordered? an item is backordered when it is out of stock in our warehouse and is awaiting replenishment. there are times when an item may sell better than expected, and although we do our best to keep everything in stock at all times, delays can happen. when will my credit card be charged? your credit card will be charged when your order is submitted. why doesn't my order qualify for a promotion? we're sorry for any trouble experienced during checkout regarding promotional offers. reasons your order may not qualify: there may be some requirements not met for the special offer. certain exclusions apply. the offer has expired. some vendors choose not to participate so we must honor our agreement. only one promotional code can be used per order. there are some categories that are excluded from promotions. see details. what are my payment options when placing an order? shopping at overtons.com is easy and safe! use any of the following payment options during checkout: american express visa mastercard discover diner's club jcb venmo money orders and checks can be mailed in for orders placed over the phone or using the catalog. what states charge sales tax? overton's is required to follow state and federal tax regulations, and charge tax in the following states: ak al ar az ca co ct fl ga ia id il in ks ky la ma md me mi mn mo ms nc nd ne nj nm nv ny oh ok pa ri sc sd tn tx ut va vt wa wi wv wy what if my order arrives damaged? we apologize if your order arrives in less than perfect condition. for items that arrive damaged, immediately contact our customer service team at 1-800-334-6541 for further instructions. our hours are 8am-11pm et. please keep all boxes and packing materials until informed otherwise. shipping & delivery shipping and handling (48 states) shipping method economy standard ground 2nd day air express business days 5-7 days 2-5 days 2 days good sam orders ≥ $69 free $14.95 $24.95* non-member orders ≥ $99 free $14.95 $24.95* good sam orders < $69 $9.95 $14.95 $24.95* non-member orders < $99 $9.95 $14.95 $24.95* * most 1-20 lb. orders the flat rate shipping and handling charges listed above are for shipments to the contiguous united states only via fedex smartpost with final delivery by the u.s. postal service. all delivery times are quoted in business days, not including weekends and holidays. certain items may require additional shipping charges, and some items can only be shipped by truck service. hazardous merchandise cannot be shipped by air express service. a hazardous shipping charge may be applied for specified items. overton's reserves the right to limit quantities and/or charge actual shipping charges on bulk orders. minimum threshold for free shipping is calculated after any applicable discounts and promotions are applied. effective july 1, 2022, colorado imposed a retail delivery fee on all deliveries by motor vehicle to a location in colorado with at least one item of tangible personal property subject to state sales or use tax. economy ground shipping free on orders over $69 for good sam members or $99 for non-members for shipments to the continental united states only. if the merchandise on your order totals $69 or more for good sam members or $99 for non-members, your economy ground shipping is free. if the merchandise on your order is less than $69 for good sam members or $99 for non-members, your economy ground shipping charge will be just $9.95. gift card purchases do not count toward the minimum requirement for free shipping; however, gift cards always ship for free. most orders ship within 24 hours and will arrive in 5 to 7 business days via fedex smartpost with final delivery by the u.s. postal service. free shipping excludes shipments to alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, canada, and international addresses. minimum threshold for free shipping is calculated after any applicable discounts and promotions are applied. standard ground shipping delivery time most orders ship within 24 hours and will arrive in 2-5 business days from time of shipment via fedex or priority mail. items that ship by truck service or are shipped directly from the manufacturer may not qualify for standard ground shipping. 2nd day air express shipping in-stock phone and web orders placed before 2pm et will arrive on the second business day following the shipment date. the flat-rate 2nd day shipping charge listed under shipping and handling is for most 1-20 lb. orders. orders over 20 lbs. will be charged actual shipping charges that will be calculated during checkout. a few things to note: a street address is required for air express shipping we do not refund 2nd day charge unless overton's has made an error. certain items may not qualify for air express shipping. shipping days / business days are m-f alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, virgin islands, apo/fpo, u.s. territories & international shipping these areas require a special handling fee of $10 plus actual shipping charges based on the weight and dimensions of the package(s). charges will be calculated during checkout. for canadian and international customers, the shipping charge at checkout is an estimate; you will be contacted by our international department with an exact quote once the order has been submitted. any applicable duties, taxes, customs charges, and brokerage fees are the responsibility of the customer. track your order to track your shipment, select the link in your shipping confirmation email to monitor progress while in transit. you may also call 1-800-334-6541 or email us; our hours are 8am-11pm et. if the order is large and shipped in more than one box, your packages may arrive separately. export control policy anyone intending to export or re-export an item after receipt from overton's is solely responsible for obtaining all necessary licenses and for filing the export in accordance with any and all applicable u.s. federal, state, and local laws as well as any other governing law. diversion contrary to u.s. law is prohibited. certain items may be prohibited from being exported from the united states. certain items may be prohibited from being imported into certain localities, states, and/or countries. overton's is not liable for violations of any such laws. easy returns return policy we believe in offering the very best value, quality, and selection. plus, we want you to enjoy your purchase! in the event you wish to send a product back to us, you may return most unused items for a refund or exchange, minus shipping, within 90 days from the date of purchase unless noted below under exceptions and exclusions. refunds are issued to the original form of payment. please click here to start a return. for web orders, please contact our customer service team (1-800-334-6541) to ensure your return or exchange is documented and any potential questions have been answered. in most cases, a return authorization will be provided, and, in every case, we’ll begin to keep an eye out for your return. good sam members who have maintained a continuous active membership status may return any unused and unopened product, purchased on feb. 9, 2018, or later at any time. good sam club members must be active on the date of product purchase. (some exclusions apply.) for good sam protection plans, simply return any good sam protection plan purchase to the store for processing or give us a call at 1-800-334-6541. purchases paid for with a personal check are subject to a 14-day hold period prior to being eligible for return. exceptions & exclusions non-returnable items include outboard motors, trolling motors, epirbs, boats, spot, life rafts, plbs, class b ais, items with expiration dates, custom made/cut or special-order items, rigging, generators, electronic charts, mattresses, flares, hazardous items, licenses and gift cards. if proven defective, product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. items that can be returned within 30 days if unopened and unused are: electronics, skateboards, bikes, software, bedding, canoes, tents, drones and kayaks. after 30 days, defective product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. clearance and outlet items are sold as is and cannot be returned at any time. once an item is installed, we cannot accept a return or exchange. if the product becomes defective, product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. returns on items using a promotional discount - any items returned as part of a promotional discount will be prorated and the value of the discount, free product, or gift card will be deducted from the reimbursement for items returned. items received as part of a free gift promotion cannot be exchanged unless damaged or defective and for a direct replacement only. gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash or applied to a previous purchase. open box outlet our open box outlet features products that have been opened and returned, display items, and merchandise that was simply used for photography. these items may have minor cosmetic imperfections that will not affect performance and, in some cases, are not noticeable. these products are non-returnable and non-refundable unless an error has been made on our part in describing them. pricing & promotions about our prices everything we sell is covered by our satisfaction guarantee. if you aren't satisfied with one of our products or services, tell us, and we'll make it right. we take great care to ensure the accuracy of all information online. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. if prices should change, we will process your order and notify you of any difference. we cannot be responsible for typographical errors. some quantities limited. good sam club member pricing good sam club members save up to 10% every day at overtons.com. all membership pricing and additional membership coupon savings are applicable to good sam club members only. savings are reflected in the cart during checkout with a valid good sam club membership number or by adding the good sam club membership to the cart. excludes merchandise from the following brands: hyperlite, ho, o’brien, barefoot international, mission, north sports, o’neill, revel match, ronix, connelly, liquid force, roswell wake air, and select electronics. price match policy at overton's, we want to make sure you're getting the best products at the best value which is why we offer the lowest prices possible. in the event you find a lower price somewhere else, let us know and we'll price match it. don't be shy! if you should find a lower price at the time of your purchase or within 30 days after the purchase date (or within 14 days at our retail locations) on an identical in-stock item, just mention where you saw the lower price and we'll match it. to receive a price match: contact our customer service team (1-800-334-6541) or visit your local store. provide us with the competitor’s name, item, price, and location of where you saw the advertised price. we'll confirm the lower price then match it! easy enough, right? this offer applies to all in-stock merchandise. we aren’t able to sell products below our cost and reserve the right to make final judgment calls on all price matches. we apologize, but we’re not able to price match the following: special orders, rebates, financing offers, gift with purchase offers, services, misprints, or prices on special buys, discontinued, clearance, closeout, used, damaged, returned, refurbished, open box, display merchandise, or items with map pricing. competitor's or hourly sales (such as a holiday “5-hour sale”), one-day sales, after thanksgiving event sales, cyber week, credit or loyalty promotions. online only retailers, dealers, and/or resellers are not eligible. in-store price match policy at overton's, we want to make sure you're getting the best products at the best value which is why we offer the lowest prices possible. in the event you find a lower price at a local competitor, let us know and we'll price match it. don't be shy! if you should find a lower advertised price at a local* competitor on an identical in-stock item, we will match that price at the time of purchase, or within 30 days after purchase. to receive a price match: visit your local store. provide us with the local* competitor’s name, item, price, and location of where you saw the advertised price. we'll confirm the lower price then match it! easy enough, right? *local is defined as a retailer within a one-hour drive of the store. exclusions include rebates, financing offers, misprints, discontinued, clearance, or closeout prices or prices on used, damaged, returned, open box or display merchandise. for buy-one-get-one offers and coupons, we will meet the competitor’s price. this price guarantee does not extend to dealers or resellers. proof of a lower price must be provided at the time of the purchase to receive a price match. this offer applies to all in-stock merchandise. we aren’t able to sell products below our cost and reserve the right to make final judgment calls on all price matches. price adjustments if we offer an item at a lower price within 30 days of your purchase, we will refund the difference in price to your original form of payment, unless the offer or items are noted that pricing does not apply to previously purchased merchandise. a receipt or proof of purchase must be provided to receive a price match after the time of purchase. this policy does not apply to competitor's or hourly sales (such as a holiday "5-hour sale"), one-day sales, after thanksgiving event sales, cyber week, credit or loyalty promotions. offer details savings are based on the merchandise total only, excluding additional freight and taxes good sam member pricing and coupon savings are applicable to good sam members only, some exclusions apply, click here for details. offers cannot be combined with other offers discount cannot be used to purchase gift cards no adjustments of previous purchases excludes sale items excludes electronics and trolling motors excludes merchandise from the following brands: barefoot international, byerly, connelly, costa del mar, cwb, ho, honda generators, honda outboard motors, hyperlite, liquid force, mission, radar, ronix, roswell, suzuki outboard motors and trailer valet valid for online and phone orders only not valid for cash other restrictions may apply product information sizing chart how to measure for that perfect fit? head – holding the tape in place just above the brow, measure around the largest part of the head. for fitted hats, measure the circumference of your head at the place where you would wear a hat, and use the sizing chart to determine the proper size. neck – find a shirt collar that fits comfortably. lay the collar flat and measure from the center of the collar button to the far end of the opposite buttonhole. chest/bust –holding tape firm and level, measure chest just beneath the arms and across the shoulder blades. for bust, measure at the fullest point of the bust and over the shoulder blades. sleeves – with arm relaxed at your side and slightly bent, measure from center back at the base of the neck, over the point of the shoulder, and down the outside of the arm to the wrist. waist – keeping one finger between the tape and the body, measure around the natural waistline. order belts the same size as your pants waist size. for in-between sizes, order the next size up. seat/hips – while standing, measure around the fullest point of the seat. inseam – find pants that fit comfortably. lay them flat, with creases smoothed in the front and back. measure along the inseam from the crotch to the bottom of the leg hem. men's regular inseams measure 32"; tall inseams measure 34". hand (for gloves) – to measure knuckle circumference, keep your hand flat and measure around your large knuckles. do not include your thumb. to measure hand length, measure from the base of your palm to the end of your middle finger. circumference (for footwear) – the measurement around the inside of the boot at the largest part on the upper calf. shaft (for footwear) – the height of the shaft measured from the middle of the arch up the outsole of the boot to the top of the boot shaft in inches. men's footwear sizing – to measure your foot, click here to download our printable foot measurement tool. shoe size conversions vary by manufacturer. items may not be offered in all sizes. women's footwear sizing – to measure your foot, click here to download our printable foot measurement tool. shoe size conversions vary by manufacturer. items may not be offered in all sizes. youth footwear sizing – to measure your foot, click here to download our printable foot measurement tool. shoe size conversions vary by manufacturer. items may not be offered in all sizes. notices & recalls overton's cares about you and your family and we're committed to your safety. help keep your family safe by checking product recalls and safety news from the u.s. consumer product safety commission. recall information is also available at recalls.gov. about us corporate profile from small grocery carts to virtual online carts, overton's has grown over the years and proudly accepts the title of the world's largest watersports and marine accessories dealer. launched in greenville, nc in 1976, the company that sold waterskis out of a local grocery store now provides an expanded selection of over 100,000 products worldwide. we offer the best products at the best value to ensure you have everything you need to get on the water. we are proud to be part of the camping world family of brands with other reputable organizations. these great partners help us to provide you with a wide scope of outdoor adventures, experiences, and gear to help you get outdoors faster and on the water longer. careers view our current job listings investor relations camping world holdings, inc., headquartered in lincolnshire, il, (together with its subsidiaries) is america’s largest retailer of rvs and related products and services. our vision is to build a long-term legacy business that makes rving fun and easy, and our camping world and good sam brands have been serving rv consumers since 1966. we strive to build long-term value for our customers, employees, and shareholders by combining a unique and comprehensive assortment of rv products and services with a national network of rv dealerships, service centers and customer support centers along with the industry’s most extensive online presence and a highly trained and knowledgeable team of associates serving our customers, the rv lifestyle, and the communities in which we operate. we also believe that our good sam organization and family of programs and services uniquely enable us to connect with our customers as stewards of the rv enthusiast community and the rv lifestyle. with rv sales and service locations in 42 states, camping world has grown to become the prime destination for everything rv. camping world holdings is traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol “cwh”. more details on investor relations affiliate program what is the overton's affiliate program? the overton's affiliate program is a free opportunity that allows you to earn money by placing overton's banners or text links on your site. when someone visiting your site clicks over to overtons.com and makes a purchase, you earn a commission! why should i join? to earn money on all sales originating from your site. you won't have to do any work. overtons.com does it all! we take the orders, ship product and handle all aspects of customer service. align yourself with a proven winner. overton's has been the leading supplier of marine and watersports supplies and accessories for over 35 years. how does it work? it's easy! first you'll need to fill out the application form below and submit it to overtons.com. once approved, we will provide you with all the tools necessary to start earning money including banners, text links, individual product links. we'll provide you with step-by-step instructions on how to place the links and how to easily promote specials we are offering at campingworld.com. what does it pay? overtons.com pays it's affiliates up to 4% commission on all transactions referred to us through the links you place on your website. all overtons.com transactions and commissions are in us dollars. what does it cost? nothing. it's completely free with no hidden costs. just fill out the application form and submit it for approval. who tracks the information? linkshare (www.linkshare.com) records all the referrals and purchases originating from your site. their primary role is to act as a neutral third party and to help both the merchant (overtons.com) and the affiliate (you) successfully track results. you will be able to access information on the number of sales and amount of commissions you are earning with overtons.com at any time. linkshare is the number one 'affiliate management program' and is respected worldwide for their professionalism. when can i start? right now! all you need to do is fill out the application below. after we review your site, you will receive an e-mail message notifying you that you have been approved. it will also direct you on how to add links to your site so that you may start earning money. join our affiliate program international orders are you able to ship internationally? currently we only ship to canada. you may place your order online or by contacting our customer service team at 1-800-334-6541 to place your order. note - some items may indicate they can only be shipped to addresses within the united states as certain items may not be allowed to be exported. this could be a result of the hazardous nature of the particular product or due to restrictions imposed by the manufacturer. how much is shipping & handling for international orders? orders shipping to canada will be shipped via fedex ground. the shipping charge at checkout is an estimate; you will be contacted by our international department with an exact quote once the order has been submitted that will be based on the weight and dimensions of the package(s). any applicable duties, taxes, customs charges, and brokerage fees are the responsibility of the customer. what are my payment options when placing an international order? all international orders must be prepaid in us currency. we accept payment via credit/debit card, bank wire transfer, check, or money order. to complete payment with a check or money order, please contact us to receive the complete total before sending your payment. our policies terms of use please read these terms carefully before using any cwgs group, llc website or mobile app as they may affect your legal rights. in particular, please read the section titled governing law, venue and dispute resolution, which requires all disputes to be settled by individual binding arbitration. the following terms and conditions of use ("terms" or "terms of use") are applicable to the websites, social media sites and handles and mobile apps operated by cwgs group, llc, which includes the camping world and good sam family of companies (each, a "property," collectively, the "properties"). hereafter in this documentation, cwgs group, llc and its affiliates, partners, representatives, employees, and contractors will be referred to as "cwgs," "us," or "we." certain services of the properties are provided to you in conjunction with our service providers, and their content providers, business partners and other parties (collectively, "service providers"). we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. please check these terms periodically for changes. use of content the properties contain material, such as software, text, graphics, images, video, audio and other material (collectively, "content"). the content may be owned by us or may be provided through arrangements we have with others, including other users of the properties, our service providers and their respective partners, sponsors, or affiliates. the content is protected by copyright under both united states and foreign laws. unauthorized use of the content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. you have no rights in or to the content, and you may not use the content except as permitted under these terms of use. the properties are owned and operated by cwgs. no content from the properties may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, reprinted or distributed in any way without the expressed written permission of cwgs, except that you may download or print one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of cwgs's copyright and other proprietary rights and may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties. if you violate any part of these terms of use, your permission to access and/or use the content and properties automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the content. the properties are for personal use only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically authorized by cwgs. the following activities are expressly prohibited: (i) collecting usernames and/or email addresses of other users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other communications, (ii) any use of the properties, which in cwgs's sole judgment, degrades the reliability, speed, or operation of the properties or any underlying hardware or software thereof, and (iii) any use of the properties which is unlawful or in violation of these terms of use. public forums, communication and user content "public forum" means a chat area, bulletin board, weblog, blog, review section, posting or e-mail function offered as part of any property. the properties may now or in the future permit, via public forums or other means, the submission of content at the direction of users of the site ("user content") and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such user content. you shall be solely responsible for user content you submit and the consequences of cwgs's or its service provider's posting or publishing such user content. information, views and opinions expressed in public forums are the views of the person posting the message, do not necessarily reflect the views of cwgs and are not endorsed, supported, encouraged, sanctioned, verified or agreed upon by cwgs including, but not limited to any so-called "expert", "moderator", "blog-editor" or other individual functioning in a similar capacity. cwgs reserves the right to remove or edit content that we believe may be offensive to our audience and/or which violates our family-oriented standards. please be advised that because of real-time circumstance, these materials may not always be able to be removed or edited in a timely fashion. cwgs is not responsible for any unsolicited e-mail you may receive as a result of participating in any public forum. cwgs reserves the right to terminate your ability to access any of public forum for any reason and without notice. by communicating in any public forum, you hereby represent that you have all necessary rights in the user content, communications, or other information that you have provided, transmitted or sent to the public forum. by uploading user content to any public forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) cwgs and its service providers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe. in addition to the foregoing licenses, you hereby grant both cwgs and its service providers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials in connection with other websites that make use of services provided by cwgs's service providers. you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived. in connection with user content, you further agree that you will not: (i) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant us and our service provider all of the license rights granted herein; (ii) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage us or any third party; (iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; (iv) post advertisements or solicitations of business; or (v) impersonate another person. without limitation of the foregoing, cwgs does not assume responsibility or liability for the materials found in any public forum, nor for any claims, damages or losses resulting from any use of any public forum or the materials contained therein. third party products, advice and services we are not responsible for examining or evaluating any products, advice or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, advice, services or hyperlinks appear on the site. we make no representations, warranties or conditions regarding the offerings of any third party. further, we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the products, advice, services and actions of any third parties. you understand that the purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information ordered or received from a third party is solely between you and the third party. we do not endorse, warrant or guarantee such products, advice information or services and are not liable for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such information or the quality or availability of such products, advice or services. you further understand that we will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and a third party. as with any monetary endeavor, before purchasing goods or services from any third party, you should verify with the seller any and all information (particularly the price) that impacts your decision to make a purchase. you should use your best judgment and exercise caution when purchasing a product from a third party. we are not involved in any actual transaction between any site user (including any so-called "expert", "moderator", "blog-editor" or the like) and third party, nor are we the agent of either for any purpose. as such, we will not be involved in resolving any disputes between any site user and third party relating to or arising out of any transaction between such parties. we urge site users and third parties to cooperate with one another to resolve any such disputes. copyright infringement notifications if you are a copyright holder and believe that material directly available via the properties infringes your copyrighted work, please let us know by sending a notice with the following information addressed to info@goodsam.com or at the address below: the copyright work alleged to have been infringed; the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to help us locate the material on the properties; your contact information, including at least your complete name, address, phone number and e-mail address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; a statement that the information in your notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; and your physical or electronic signature. third party products, advice and services we are not responsible for examining or evaluating any products, advice or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, advice, services or hyperlinks appear on or through the properties. we make no representations, warranties or conditions regarding the offerings of any third party. further, we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the products, advice, services and actions of any third parties. you understand that the purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information ordered or received from a third party is solely between you and the third party. we do not endorse, warrant or guarantee such products, advice information or services and are not liable for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such information or the quality or availability of such products, advice or services. you further understand that we will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and a third party. as with any monetary endeavor, before purchasing goods or services from any third party, you should verify with the seller any and all information (particularly the price) that impacts your decision to make a purchase. you should use your best judgment and exercise caution when purchasing a product from a third party. we provide links to third party direction, location and map services solely as a convenience to our users, which are intended to be used solely for informational purposes. we make no warranties on the accuracy of their content, route usability, expeditiousness or road conditions (including whether there are obstructions, like tunnels or bridges that may inhibit certain vehicles from safely using a particular route.) you assume all risk of use. cwgs and its suppliers shall not be liable to you or any other person for any loss, damage or delay resulting from your use of these third party services. we are not involved in any actual transaction between any user (including any so-called "expert", "moderator", "blog-editor" or the like) and third party, nor are we the agent of either for any purpose. as such, we will not be involved in resolving any disputes between any user and third party relating to or arising out of any transaction between such parties. we urge users and third parties to cooperate with one another to resolve any such disputes. disclaimers merchant and service availability, price and time-related information appearing on the properties are subject to change. cwgs is not responsible for any such changes and advises you to confirm all specific terms appearing on the or through the properties before acting in reliance on such terms. third-party products and services represented on any property are not necessarily endorsed or recommended by cwgs and cwgs disclaims all responsibility regarding the performance or the use of third-party products and services. cwgs does not necessarily endorse or sanction the content, products or actions of websites that are linked to or from the properties. trailer weight rating information is for informational purposes, only. read the operator's manual for your tow vehicle and trailer before purchasing or towing a trailer. additional equipment or special packages may be required by the manufacturer to achieve the trailer weight rating. state law may also require purchase of tow brakes or other safety equipment. the trailer weight ratings are compiled from data released by manufacturers and may vary based on your specific make, model, and optional packages, may contain inaccuracies, and may change from time to time. while we do our best to keep this information up-to-date and correct, we do not represent or warranty the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of this data. you are responsible for your purchase and operation of your tow vehicle and/or trailer. the materials on and available through the properties are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, cwgs disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. cwgs does not warrant that the functions contained on and available through the properties will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the properties or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. cwgs does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in and available through the properties in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. you (and not cwgs) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. indemnity and limitation of liability you agree to indemnify and hold cwgs (and its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives) harmless against all claims, liabilities, losses, penalties, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from or relating to your use of and access to the properties. under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall cwgs be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in and available through the properties, even if cwgs or a cwgs authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. in no event shall cwgs's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the properties. trademarks the camping world marks, good sam marks and freedomroads marks depicted herein are owned by cwi, inc., good sam group, llc and freedomroads, llc respectively.  all other trademarks and service marks depicted herein are owned by their respective owners. duplication, tampering or unauthorized use in any way of any cwgs group, llc trademarks is prohibited and offenders may be subject to fines and civil and/or criminal prosecution. governing law, venue and dispute resolution these terms will be governed by the laws of the state of illinois, united states, without regard to conflict-of-law principles. you agree that resolution of any dispute or claim arising out of or related to these terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts in lake county, illinois. if you believe you have a dispute or claim against us arising out of your use of the properties or under these terms, you agree to first discuss the matter informally with us for at least 30 days. to do that, you must give us written notice, which will include your full name and contact information, the nature and basis giving rise to your dispute or claim and your proposed resolution, sent to the address below, attn: legal department. if we are unable to resolve your concerns informally within 30 days after our receipt of your notice, you may file a claim in small claims court so long as you proceed only on an individual basis or commence an arbitration proceeding, which means you are agreeing to waive your right to sue in court, have a jury trial and lead or participate in a class action. the arbitration will be conducted under the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association ("aaa"). for the avoidance of doubt, you agree that you may only bring claims against cwgs in your individual capacity and not as a class member or in any representative capacity or proceeding. further, you agree that no arbitrator shall consolidate any other person's claims with your claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a multi-party or class proceeding. you agree that the award of the arbitrator will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction in the state of illinois. you agree that we may seek interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in illinois, necessary to protect its rights or property pending the completion of arbitration. you must file a demand for arbitration with the aaa within one (1) year after the date your claim arose, or within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law. otherwise, your claim is waived. international users and visitors if you are accessing or using any of the properties from a jurisdiction outside of the united states, you understand and agree that such access and use shall be governed by these terms and united states law. miscellaneous by using our properties you represent and warrant that you are 16 years of age or older. your account may be terminated without warning if we believe that you are under 16 years of age. by joining good sam club and/or other cwgs-sponsored membership clubs, you agree and acknowledge that we may recognize your membership among our affiliated companies and on our properties. for example, if you are a member of good sam club and have also joined the rv.net forum, we will indicate that you are a good sam club member by displaying a "good sam" icon by your user name whenever you post content to an rv.net forum. if you would like to remove the good sam club icon in relation to your forum posts, you may do so in your forum account in the "my profile" section. if any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. this terms of use is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties. these terms may be subject to change; the result of any change will be reflected on these pages. cwgs group, llc po box 6888 englewood, co 80155-6888 800-234-3450 info@goodsamfamily.com last updated 1/1/2020 privacy policy cwgs privacy policy effective date/last updated: july 1, 2023 we appreciate the trust you place in cwgs group, llc and the camping world and good sam family of companies (collectively, “cwgs”, “we", “us”, “our”). this privacy policy (“policy”) describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process the personal information we collect and the rights and choices individuals have regarding such personal information. your use of our services and any dispute over privacy is subject to this policy and our terms of use, including their applicable terms governing limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. persons with disabilities may obtain this policy in alternative formats upon request by contacting us at +1 (866) 890-2810. table of contents scope of this policy personal information we collect how we use personal information how we may disclose personal information cookies and similar technologies choices you have about our processing of your personal information security of personal information third-party links children’s privacy user-generated content international users california privacy rights colorado privacy rights connecticut privacy rights virginia privacy rights changes to this policy contact us scope of this policy except as otherwise noted below, this policy applies to the personal information cwgs collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise processes when you: interact with our websites, mobile applications, social media sites and handles, and online services; subscribe to receive news, information, and marketing communications from us; participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, surveys, and research conducted by us; visit one of our stores, venues, campgrounds, or events; interact or engage with us as a current, former, and prospective service provider or business partner; and/or otherwise communicate or interact with us, such as when you email or call us (collectively, our “services”). additional notices. depending on how you engage with us, we may provide you with other privacy notices with additional details about our privacy practices. for example, this policy does not apply to job applicants or to current or former employees in the context of their employment with us. additionally, personal information we process pursuant to the federal gramm-leach-bliley act (“glba”) is covered by a different privacy notice. aggregated and deidentified data. we may use, disclose, and otherwise process aggregated or deidentified data related to our business and your use of the services for quality control, analytics, research, development, and other similar purposes. aggregated and deidentified data is not personal information. cwgs is committed to maintaining and using deidentified data in compliance with applicable law. personal information we collect we collect personal information directly from you, automatically through your use of services, and from third-party sources. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the information we collect about you. the personal information we may collect varies based on your relationship with us. personal information you provide some of our services include features that permit you to provide personal information directly to us. we may collect and store personal information you enter via our services including: contact information. we may collect your name, phone number, email address, and physical address when you create an account or complete a transaction with us. account and profile information. if you create an account with us, we may collect your account username and password and personal information you post to your profile or account or that you otherwise submit to us through your account. demographics. we may collect certain demographic and other personal information requested via forms, such as lead generation forms. payments and purchases. if you make purchases through our services, we may collect payment information such as payment card details, payment type, credit card number or other payment account details, including billing and shipping address. events and bookings. if you make an appointment/reservation booking via our services, we may the personal information provided to make such appointment/booking. marketing and promotions. if you agree to receive direct marketing communications from us, such as when you subscribe to our email newsletters, we may collect your email address. online submissions. we may collect any personal information you provide by interacting via our online forums and with our online chat features, or by commenting on content posted in public areas of our services. please note that these comments posted in public areas of our services are also visible to other users of our services. social media information. we may collect your social media handle when you interact with our services through social media. surveys and feedback. we may collect the personal information you provide when you complete a survey administered by us or otherwise provide us with feedback. sweepstakes, contests, and promotions. we may collect the personal information you provide when you participate in a contest or sweepstakes we offer, which may include your social security number (or other applicable government identification number) and driver’s license number if you win such contest or sweepstakes. we may also be required to post the names of winners depending on the jurisdiction. communications and interactions. if you contact us, such as at our call centers, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any information provided, including via call recording. when you email or otherwise communicate with us, we collect and maintain a record of those communications. if you interact or engage with us via the live chat functions available through the services, we collect your messages, questions, feedback, and any other information you so choose to provide. health information. we may collect medical or health information you provide to us when requesting special accommodations or filing incident reports while using our services. business development information. to assess and pursue potential business opportunities, we may collect and receive personal information about current, former, and prospective service providers and business partners including name, company information, contact details, and communications records. other information. we may collect any other personal information you choose to submit to us via our services. personal information we collect automatically when you interact with our services, certain personal information about your use of our services may be collected automatically through the use of cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. the personal information we may automatically collect includes: device and browsing information. details of your visits to our websites and services, and personal information generated in the course of the use of our services, including traffic data, general location data, which may be derived from your ip address, weblogs and other communication data, and how you reached our websites (the referring and exiting urls). we also may collect details regarding the device you use to access our services, including, but not limited to, your ip address, unique id, operating system, and browser type. activities and usage. we also may collect activity information related to your use of the services, such as information about the links clicked, searches conducted, features used, items viewed and added to your cart, files and content uploaded, streamed, or deleted, time spent within the services, and your interactions with us and others within the services. location information. when accessing our websites on a mobile device or using any of our mobile applications, we may access your general location if you have enabled location services on your device for our mobile applications. we also may collect gps details from your motorized rv (if enabled with such functionality) if you do not delete this data from your vehicle’s device before you provide us with your motorized rv. interactions. we may collect personal information about how you interact with our services, such as our emails, ads, and newsletters, including whether you open or click links in any correspondences. images and videos. we may collect your photographic or video image if you visit one of our stores. for more information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies, please see the “cookies and similar technologies” section below. personal information we collect from third parties we collect some personal information from third parties including business partners, advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics and marketing providers, and operating systems and platforms: personal information about your browsing history, search history, interactions with websites, and applications or advertisements. personal information from our business partners with whom we collaborate on various matters, including if you make purchases from marketplaces that sell our products and services. personal information to further supplement or validate the information we otherwise collect about you. publicly available information subject to applicable law, we may collect information about you that is publicly available, including on our websites, third-party websites, and otherwise. please note that we are not responsible for what third parties do with information you make available in public areas of our services or elsewhere. how we use personal information we may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes: providing our services. to allow you to maintain your account with us and otherwise run our day-to-day operations, to provide you with our products and services, including to complete transactions, to take steps to enter into a contract for a sale or for services, to process payments, to fulfill orders, to send service communications (including product safety and recall-related notices), and for other customer service functions. marketing and promotions. subject to applicable law, to contact you regarding offers, promotions, discounts, and other services, provided by us or our third-party business partners that may interest you. tailored advertising and ad effectiveness. to deliver tailored advertising of our services based on your preferences or interests across services and devices and for measuring the effectiveness of ads, including understanding our customer base and purchasing trends. this includes creating custom audiences on social media websites and search engine platforms. responding to inquiries. to contact you in response to an inquiry, complaint, or incident report. this includes responding to your comments and reviews of our services on social media websites and search engine platforms. research and surveys. to administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or customer satisfaction purposes. planning and managing events. for event planning and management purposes, including registration, attendance, connecting you with other event attendees, and contacting you about relevant events and services. customization and personalization. to tailor content we may send or display to you, to enable additional features on our services, and to provide you with a personalized service. membership program. if you are a member of our good sam membership program, to administer that program. improving our services. to improve and grow our business, including understanding how our services are being used, for analytics purposes, and to develop new features, products, or services, and for internal quality control and training purposes. auditing, reporting, and other internal operations. to conduct financial, tax, and accounting audits; audits and assessments of our operations, privacy, security, and financial controls and compliance with legal obligations; our general business, accounting, record keeping, and legal functions; and to maintain appropriate business records and enforce company policies and procedures. in support of our general business operations. to assess, execute on, and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, dispositions, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings. protecting our rights and responding to legal requests/obligations. to protect the services and our business operations, and to protect our rights or those of our stakeholders; to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies and terms of use, or activities that may be fraudulent or illegal; and to comply with legal requirements regarding the provision of products and services. other purposes. for other purposes where we provide notice, obtain your consent, or that are otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. how we may disclose personal information we may disclose the personal information we collect for the purposes described above and as follows: affiliates and subsidiaries. we may disclose personal information with current or future affiliates or subsidiaries to provide services and for research, marketing, and other purposes consistent with this policy. service providers. we may disclose personal information to service providers who perform functions on our behalf. these service providers include entities that provide delivery services, customer information management services, customer communications and marketing services, billing and collection services, payment processing and order fulfillment services, auditing and accounting services, professional services/consultants, analytics services, security services, companies who administer our products and services, and it support services. social media platforms. we may respond to or otherwise engage with social media posts or messages directed at one of our accounts, or which reference our products or services. if you publicly share content about us or our products or services, we may choose to re-post or otherwise share that content with social media companies and our followers, subject to the terms of the relevant social media platform. additionally, your interaction with us through social media typically allows the social media company to collect some personal information about you through cookies or other tracking mechanisms on our websites. in some cases, the social media company may recognize you through its digital cookies even when you do not interact with their application. please visit the social media companies’ privacy policies to better understand their data collection practices and privacy settings. third-party advertisers. we may disclose personal information to third-party advertisers for marketing and advertising purposes. these companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting on our behalf. for more information, please see the “cookies and similar technologies” section below. business partners. to enhance your user experience, we may provide personal information to a select group of companies that offer products and services that may interest you. for example, we may offer promotions – such as sweepstakes or free camping – in collaboration with business partners. we may disclose your personal information with these business partners if they need it to send you a product, such as to fulfill a prize or the offer of a free night of camping. other users. if you submit or make available information through our public-facing, interactive online features and forums, such as when you post reviews, testimonials, or questions about our products or services, information such as your name, review, testimonial, or question, may be available to, and searchable by, other users of the services. acquirers of business assets. we may sell certain of our businesses or assets to other companies in connection with mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, dispositions, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings. when such transactions take place, your information may constitute a part of the transferred business assets. in the event that we, or any of our affiliates, sell some, all, or substantially all of our assets to another company, your personal information likely will be disclosed and transferred as an asset to such company, as well as in contemplation of such transactions (e.g., due diligence). law enforcement and government authorities. we disclose personal information to comply with legal proceedings, such as pursuant to a court order or subpoena, or if we reasonably believe such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of regulators, law enforcement, or other public authorities; to enforce our terms of use, sweepstakes/contest rules; to assert or defend other legal claims; and to protect the safety, integrity, and security of our services, users, and information. other disclosures. we may disclose personal information in other ways not described above that we notify you of or that we obtain your consent for, or that are otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. these third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may be located outside your jurisdiction of residence, as described below in the “international users” section. cookies and similar technologies we use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies to automatically collect and record information about your browsing activities and use of our services. we use this information to, for example, analyze and understand how users access, use, and interact with our services, to identify and resolve bugs and errors in our services, to assess secure, protect, optimize, and improve the performance of our services, to prevent fraud and protect our services, as well as for targeted marketing and advertising purposes, for analytics purposes, and to personalize content in our services. we may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our service providers may do so on our behalf). cookies “cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for tracking purposes. some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process, support the security and performance of the services, or allow us to track activity and usage data within the services. pixel tags pixel tags (sometime called web beacons or clear gifs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. while cookies are stored locally on your device, pixel tags are embedded invisibly within web pages and online content. we may use these, in connection with our services to, among other things, track the activities of users, and help us manage content and compile usage statistics. we may also use these in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded so we can track response rates and gauge the effectiveness of our communications. third-party analytics we may use automated devices and applications, such as google analytics to evaluate your use of our services. we may also use other analytics to evaluate our services. we use these tools to help us understand and improve our services. these entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (lsos), to perform their services. to learn more about google’s privacy practices, please see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. you can also download the google analytics opt-out browser add-on to prevent your data from being used by google analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. cross-device use we and our service providers may use the information we collect about you (whether directly from our services, through your device(s), or from a third party) to help us and our service providers identify other devices you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.). we and our service providers also may use the cross-device and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you emails. third-party advertisers and network advertisers we partner with companies that assist us in advertising our services. these companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting. we use network advertisers to serve advertisements on non-affiliated websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). this enables us and these network advertisers to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. these cookies and other technologies are governed by each entity’s specific privacy policy, not this one. we may provide these advertisers with information, including your personal information. choices you have about our processing of your personal information account and profile information if you have an account with us, you may access, update, or correct your account and profile information at any time by logging in to your account and updating the personal information we maintain. we may keep a copy of your prior information for a period of time as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, as part of our business records, and our backup data. your communication preferences if you have an account with any of our brands, you can review your communication preferences by logging in through “my account” or a similarly designated section of our websites. you may make modifications to your communication preferences directly through your account. if you don’t have an account, can’t find your account, or some of our services do not provide an account section, please contact us via the methods noted in the “help and support,” “contact us,” or a similarly designated section of our websites. you can request that we not send marketing emails to you by unsubscribing from the communication via the link at the bottom of the email. when you subscribe to our publications or otherwise do business with us, we may send you certain direct mail marketing offers. if you no longer want to receive these offers please contact us and ask that we do not include you in our future offerings. please note that because marketing campaigns are planned a few months ahead of time, you may continue to receive marketing offers after making a request. write to us at good sam mail preference service, p.o. box 6888, englewood, co 80155-6888 to opt-out of future mailings. tracking and advertising choices browser solutions for opting out of cookies. to prevent cookies from tracking your activity on our websites, you can set your browser to block certain cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. you may also click the “targeted advertising opt out” link on the bottom of our website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website. however, your opt out may not be effective if your browser is configured to reject cookies. please note that even after disabling cookies as noted above you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). in addition, certain aspects of our websites may not behave as expected should you disable cookies. if you are experiencing website issues, it may be due to your cookie preference settings. industry solutions for opting out of ad networks. users may opt-out of certain ad networks. for example, visit the digital advertising alliance (“daa”) consumer choice page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising. please be advised that opting out of ad networks will opt you out from certain companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our websites or on other websites. you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). additional information is available on the daa’s websites at www.aboutads.info and https://youradchoices.com/appchoices (for mobile apps). security of personal information we use a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to protect the personal information we process via the services. while we use these precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the networks, systems, servers, devices, and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf. third-party links we may offer links to or from our services via websites, services, and resources operated by third parties. we offer these links as a convenience. we are not responsible for the privacy practices, content, or policies of websites operated by third parties, and you should inquire about the privacy practices of such third parties before providing any personal information to those third parties. children’s privacy our services are not directed to or intended for, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 16. if you are under 16, please do not submit any personal information via our services. if we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 16, we will delete such information from our systems. if you are a parent or legal guardian and have reason to believe your child has provided personal information to us via our services, please contact us using the contact information below. user-generated content we may offer blogs, online forums, or other public-facing, interactive features in connection with our services that enable you to share information about the services or other issues of interest (e.g., reviews, testimonials, and questions). you should be aware that any communications you submit or post to any such interactive feature on the services may be viewable by other participants or users. by submitting or posting to such interactive features you acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in the content you submit for such features, whether or not it contains personal information about you. international users our services are directed to individuals in the u.s. personal information that you provide to us and that we collect as a result of your using our services will be processed in the u.s. or in other jurisdictions, which may include jurisdictions outside your jurisdiction of residence. the privacy and data protection laws in the u.s. or those other jurisdictions may not be equivalent to or adequate under the laws in your jurisdiction of residence, and you understand ‎that the governments, courts, law enforcement, or regulatory agencies in those jurisdictions may be able ‎to obtain disclosure of that personal information through the laws of the foreign jurisdiction. by using our services or by otherwise providing us with your personal information, you agree to the processing of your personal information in the u.s. and other jurisdictions. california privacy rights this section of the policy provides additional information for california residents (pursuant to the california consumer privacy act, as amended by the california privacy rights act, and its implementing regulations (collectively, the “ccpa”). this section applies to "personal information" as defined in the ccpa. this section does not address or apply to our handling of personal information that is exempt under the ccpa. this policy also does not apply to job applicants or to current or former employees in the context of our working relationship with them. categories of personal information we collect the following identifies the categories of personal information we may collect about you (and may have collected in the last 12 months), as enumerated by the ccpa. depending on how you use the services, we may collect the following categories of personal information through our services: identifiers. such as a real name, alias, address, vin, ip address and online identifiers, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other unique personal identifiers. customer records. such as records that contain personal information, including certain identifiers, billing and payment information, signature, customer service and support tickets and records, and other information you provide in order to use our services. commercial information. such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories. internet or other electronic network activity information or usage data (“usage data”). such as, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including other usage data related to your use of any of our services or other online services. geolocation data. such as general location information about a particular individual or device, including zip code, city, or region, which may be derived from your ip address audio, electronic, visual, or similar information. such as information collected via call recordings if you are interacting with us in a customer service capacity or if you call us on a recorded line, videos, photographs, and cctv footage to secure our offices and premises. inferences. such as inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behaviors, or attitudes. protected classifications: such as information that is considered a protected classification under california/federal law (e.g., gender, date of birth, citizenship, marital status, and disability status). sensitive personal information: in limited circumstances, we may collect account log-in information, social security number, driver’s license number, and personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health. sensitive personal information we do not collect, use, or disclose “sensitive personal information” beyond the purposes authorized by the ccpa. accordingly, our collection, use, and disclosure of sensitive personal information is generally limited to what is reasonable and proportionate for the following purposes: to perform the services as reasonably expected by you; to detect security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of personal information that is stored or transmitted; to resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible for those actions; to ensure the physical safety of you and others; for short-term, transient uses; to verify your information, provide customer support, or provide similar services; and with respect to a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, to verify or maintain the quality or safety, improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device. sources of personal information we may collect personal information from various sources, including directly from the consumer, via automated means, from third parties, and from publicly available information. this may include collecting personal information from our affiliated companies, business partners, and service providers; third-party platforms; third-party sites and services; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; operating systems and platforms; and social networks. business or commercial purposes for which we use your personal information we may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process the personal information we collect for the business or commercial purposes described in the “how we use personal information” section above. categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose the categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose include identifiers; customer records; commercial information; usage data; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual, or similar information; inferences; characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law; and sensitive personal information. the categories of third parties to whom we may have disclosed personal information for a business purpose may include affiliates, service providers, social media platforms, business partners, acquirers of business assets, and law enforcement and government authorities. retention of personal information we retain your personal information for as long as needed, or permitted, based on the reason we obtained it, subject to applicable law. when deciding how long to keep your personal information, we consider whether we are subject to any legal obligations (e.g., any laws that require us to keep records for a certain period of time before we can delete them), whether we have taken any legal positions (e.g., issued any legal holds or otherwise need to preserve the information), or whether there are other business reasons that require us to keep your personal information (e.g., system integrity). “sales” or “sharing” of personal information the ccpa defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” includes disclosing or making available personal information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. while we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” or “share” certain identifiers (i.e., ip address and online identifiers), usage data, and inferences to advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. we do so in order to improve and evaluate our advertising campaigns and better reach customers and prospective customers with more relevant ads and content. we do not sell or share sensitive personal information, nor do we sell or share any personal information about individuals who we know are under sixteen (16) years old. your rights under the ccpa the ccpa provides california residents with specific rights regarding personal information. this section describes your rights under the ccpa and explains how to exercise those rights. subject to certain conditions and exceptions, california consumers have the right to make the following requests: right to know/access with respect to the personal information we have collected about you in the prior twelve (12) months, you have the right to request: the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information; the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information; and a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected. right to delete subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal information we collected from you. right to correct subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. individuals merely seeking to update their information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “choices you have about our processing of your personal information” section above. right to opt-out of sale/sharing to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information, you can (1) click on the “do not sell or share my personal information” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal, such as the global privacy control (“gpc”), as described below. further to the above, we honor your right to opt out of “sales” and “sharing” as signaled by a universal opt out signal or gpc. to enable gpc, you can visit the global privacy control page at https://globalprivacycontrol.org. if you download a supported browser or extension and exercise your privacy rights with gpc, we will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website after our website detects a gpc signal. if you visit our website from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt-out, or use an opt-out preference signal, for that browser and/or device. right to limit use of sensitive personal information we do not engage in uses or disclosures of personal information that would trigger the right to limit use of sensitive personal information under the ccpa. right to non-discrimination you have the right to be free from discriminatory adverse treatment for exercising these rights. we will not discriminate against you for exercising your ccpa rights. submitting ccpa requests exercising your rights if you are a california resident and would like to exercise your ccpa rights to know/access, delete, or correct, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar. you are not required to create an account to exercise your rights. you can also have an authorized agent make certain requests. please see the “right to opt out of sale/sharing” section above for more information regarding how to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information. we will only use personal information provided in a right to know or deletion request to review and comply with the request. verification of certain requests only you, or an individual legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. depending on the type of request, we may request information from you in order to confirm/verify your identity. additionally, authorized agents may be required to provide proof of their authorization, and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly confirm/verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent. we cannot respond to your request if we are unable to confirm/verify your identity or your authority to make a request on behalf of another person. california “shine the light” disclosure under california’s “shine the light” law, california residents who provide us certain personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third-party sharing in the prior calendar year. to make such a request please contact us at +1 (866) 890-2810. colorado privacy rights this section of the policy provides additional information for colorado residents (pursuant to the colorado privacy act and its implementing regulations (collectively, the “cpa”)). this section applies to “personal data” as defined in the cpa. this section does not address or apply to our handling of personal data that is exempt under the cpa. the cpa provides colorado residents with specific rights regarding personal data. this section describes your rights under the cpa and explains how to exercise those rights. subject to certain conditions and exceptions, colorado consumers have the right to make the following requests: right to access/portability you have the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access and obtain a copy of the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. right to delete subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal data about you. right to correct subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. individuals merely seeking to update their information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “choices you have about our processing of your personal information” section above. right to opt out of sale the cpa defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal data to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. while we do not disclose personal data to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” personal data in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data, you can (1) click on the “do not sell or share my personal information” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like gpc. right to opt out of targeted advertising to opt out of targeted advertising in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website, you can (1) click on the “targeted advertising opt out” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like gpc. to otherwise opt out of targeted advertising, submit a request as set forth below. right to appeal if we decline to take action regarding your request, you have the right to appeal. in our response denying your request, we will notify you of our reasons for denying the request and provide instructions for how you can appeal the decision. right to opt out of profiling we do not engage in profiling for the purposes of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. exercising cpa rights if you are a colorado resident and would like to exercise your cpa rights to access/portability, delete, correct, targeted advertising (in the non-cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies context), or appeal, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar. you can also have an authorized agent make certain requests. please see the “right to opt out of sale” and “right to opt out of targeted advertising” sections above for more information regarding how to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data or targeted advertising. please note that the cpa defines targeted advertising as displaying ads to you based on personal data collected over time and across non-affiliated websites/online applications to predict your preferences or interests. targeted advertising does not include, among other things, displaying ads to you based on activities within our own websites/online applications and/or your current search query. therefore, even though you may exercise your right to opt out of targeted advertising as defined under the cpa, you may still receive ads directed to you based on certain of your activities. loyalty program we may make available certain programs, offerings, rewards, premium features, or discounts that may be considered a “loyalty program” under the cpa, as described below. the categories of personal data collected through our loyalty program that may be “sold” or processed for "targeted advertising,” as those terms are defined under the cpa, include the categories of information listed in the “personal information we collect” section above. the categories of third parties that may receive personal data include the categories of third parties listed in the “how we may disclose personal information” section above. more information about our programs, offerings, rewards, premium features, or discounts that may be considered a “loyalty program” under the cpa (including the businesses with which we partner and the benefits these partners provide) can be found at https://www.goodsam.com/club and in our related printed materials. please note that in order to provide you with the benefits noted above, we must verify your membership status. this means that we cannot delete your information and continue to provide you with these benefits. connecticut privacy rights this section of the policy provides additional information for connecticut residents (pursuant to the connecticut data privacy act (“ctdpa”)). this section applies to “personal data” as defined in the ctdpa. this section does not address or apply to our handling of personal data that is exempt under the ctdpa. the ctdpa provides connecticut residents with specific rights regarding personal data. this section describes your rights under the ctdpa and explains how to exercise those rights. subject to certain conditions and exceptions, connecticut consumers have the right to make the following requests: right to access/portability you have the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access and obtain a copy of the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. right to delete subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal data we collected about you. right to correct subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. individuals merely seeking to update their information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “choices you have about our processing of your personal information” section above. right to opt out of sale the ctdpa defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal data to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. while we do not disclose personal data to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” personal data in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data, you can (1) click on the “do not sell or share my personal information” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like gpc. right to opt out of targeted advertising to opt out of targeted advertising in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website, you can (1) click on the “targeted advertising opt out” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like gpc. to otherwise opt out of targeted advertising, submit a request as set forth below. right to appeal if we decline to take action regarding your request, you have the right to appeal. in our response denying your request, we will notify you of our reasons for denying the request and provide instructions for how you can appeal the decision. right to opt out of profiling we do not engage in profiling for the purposes of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. exercising ctdpa rights if you are a connecticut resident and would like to exercise your ctdpa rights to access/portability, delete, correct, targeted advertising (in the non-cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies context), or appeal, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar. you can also have an authorized agent make certain requests. please see the “right to opt out of sale” and “right to opt out of targeted advertising” sections above for more information regarding how to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data or targeted advertising. please note that the ctdpa defines targeted advertising as displaying ads to you based on personal data collected over time and across non-affiliated websites/online applications to predict your preferences or interests. targeted advertising does not include, among other things, displaying ads to you based on activities within our own websites/online applications and/or your current search query. therefore, even though you may exercise your right to opt out of targeted advertising as defined under the ctdpa, you may still receive ads directed to you based on certain of your activities. virginia privacy rights this section of the policy provides additional information for virginia residents (pursuant to the virginia consumer data protection act (“vcdpa”)). this section applies to “personal data”, as defined in the vcdpa. this section does not address or apply to our handling of personal data that is exempt under the vcdpa. the vcdpa provides virginia residents with specific rights regarding personal data. this section describes your rights under the vcdpa and explains how to exercise those rights. subject to certain exceptions, virginia consumers have the right to make the following requests: right to access/portability to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access and obtain a copy of the personal data that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. right to delete subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal data we collected about you. right to correct subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. individuals merely seeking to update their information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “choices you have about our processing of your personal information” section above. right to opt-out of sale the vcdpa defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal data to a third party in exchange for monetary consideration. we do not “sell” personal data under this definition. right to opt out of targeted advertising to opt out of targeted advertising in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website, you can (1) click on the “targeted advertising opt out” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like gpc. to otherwise opt out of targeted advertising, submit a request as set forth below. right to appeal if we decline to take action regarding your request, you have the right to appeal. in our response denying your request, we will notify you of our reasons for denying the request and provide instructions for how you can appeal the decision. right to opt out of profiling we do not engage in profiling for the purposes of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. exercising vcdpa rights if you are a virginia resident and would like to exercise your vcdpa rights to access/portability, delete, correct, targeted advertising (in the non-cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies context), or appeal, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar. please see the “right to opt out of sale” and “right to opt out of targeted advertising” sections above for more information regarding how to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data or targeted advertising. please note that the vcdpa defines targeted advertising as displaying ads to you based on personal data collected over time and across non-affiliated websites/online applications to predict your preferences or interests. targeted advertising does not include, among other things, displaying ads to you based on activities within our own websites/online applications and/or your current search query. therefore, even though you may exercise your right to opt out of targeted advertising as defined under the vcdpa, you may still receive ads directed to you based on certain of your activities. changes to this policy this policy is current as of the effective date/last updated set forth above. we may change this policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. we will post any updates to policy here. if we make material changes to how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information we have previously collected about you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice. all changes to this policy are effective when posted. contact us if you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us by using the contact information below: cwgs group, llc po box 6888 englewood, co 80155-6888 +1 (866) 890-2810 pi collection notice we may collect personal information from you when you visit our website. some of our websites may include features or services that permit you to enter contact and other information, which we collect when you provide it to us. we also collect information automatically when you visit our website. for more information about the categories of information we collect and how we use the information, please see the sections of our privacy policy titled, “types of information we collect and how we collect it” and “how we use the personal information that we collect”. our complete privacy policy may be found here. to opt out of the sale of your information visit our do not sell my info page. terms of sale download our terms of sale charitable donations overton's currently sponsors several national and regional organizations that benefit our customers in a variety of ways. we take great pride in giving back to the communities where we do business, however, all requests cannot be granted. due to the enormous volume of requests, we will only contact individuals if their requests will be filled. please know that all donation requests are given serious consideration. we wish all organizations success in their endeavors. if you're seeking a donation from overton's, please meet and follow these guidelines: organizations should be non-profit and classified as a 501(c) 3 or similar by the internal revenue service all requests should indicate the purpose or need for a donation and must be submitted on the association, group, company, or school letterhead that includes the primary name of the organization, as well as the address, phone number, email address, and contact person all requests must be printed and mailed to overton's inc., attn: donation request / 111 red banks rd / greenville, nc 27858 only one request per organization per calendar year will be considered all requests must include the date, time, and verifiable location of the event and how the item will be used (prize, raffle, auction, etc.) please include a physical shipping address for the donation to be sent all requests should be made 6-8 weeks prior to the scheduled event ca supply chain disclosure at overton's, we have worked hard to become a recognized and respected outdoor outfitter and attribute our success to remaining true to our core values, which focus on ethical conduct, supporting our local community, and constantly improving. we expect that our associates and business partners share these core values and understand that our local community extends to those who work hard each day to create products that end up in our homes and on our roads. while this expectation informs how we do business, the state of california asks that we tell you a little more about how overton's works with the companies that bring us the products we offer to you: first and foremost, it is overton's policy not to purchase any products made or acquired in any way through the use of forced labor or human trafficking. overton's vendors and direct importer commit to us that the products we purchase comply with all applicable laws. because of this expectation, overton's does not currently verify, internally or through a third party, their respective product supply chains to evaluate and address the risks of human trafficking and forced labor. overton's does not independently audit suppliers to evaluate compliance with our expectation that the supply chains are free from human trafficking and forced labor. overton's does not require suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the final products comply with local anti-trafficking and forced labor laws. while overton's expects our associates to share our core values, we do not maintain separate internal accountability standards and procedures for associates or contractors who fail to meet our standards regarding human trafficking and forced labor. finally, overton's does not provide associates or management who have direct responsibility for supply chain management training on human trafficking and forced labor. overton's digital accessibility statement email unsubscribe to unsubscribe from email please click the unsubscribe link located at bottom of email received. contact us call 1-800-334-6541 (1-800-334-6541) 1-800-334-6541 8am 9pm et email contact us with any questions. we will reply as quickly as we can. chat 8am-9pm et your adventure awaits sign up for emails and stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and promotions. enter your email address sign up i would like to receive email information from affiliates of overton's. for questions, please see our privacy policy & california privacy rights follow us © cwi, llc 2023. all rights reserved. help & support 1-800-334-6541 email us help center site map order support easy returns shipping & delivery check my order start a return our partners good sam camping world the house our policies accessibility commitment ca supply chain disclosure privacy policy california privacy rights do not sell or share my personal information targeted advertising opt out terms of sale terms of use product support gift cards notices and recalls reviews boat cover selector bimini top selector pwc cover selector propeller selector resource center corporate info about us about marcus lemonis blog careers investor relations team member assistance good sam rewards credit card learn more manage good sam rewards visa manage good sam rewards credit card follow us © cwi, llc 2023. all rights reserved. return policy × return policy we believe in offering the very best value, quality, and selection. plus, we want you to enjoy your purchase! in the event you wish to send a product back to us, you may return most unused items for a refund or exchange, minus shipping, within 90 days from the date of purchase unless noted below under exceptions and exclusions. refunds are issued to the original form of payment. for web orders, please contact our customer service team (1-800-334-6541) to ensure your return or exchange is documented and any potential questions have been answered. in most cases, a return authorization will be provided, and, in every case, we’ll begin to keep an eye out for your return. good sam members who have maintained a continuous active membership status may return any unused and unopened product, purchased on feb. 9, 2018, or later at any time. good sam club members must be active on the date of product purchase. (some exclusions apply.) for good sam protection plans, simply return any good sam protection plan purchase to the store for processing or give us a call at 1-800-334-6541. purchases paid for with a personal check are subject to a 14-day hold period prior to being eligible for return. exceptions & exclusions non-returnable items include outboard motors, trolling motors, epirbs, boats, spot, life rafts, plbs, class b ais, items with expiration dates, custom made/cut or special-order items, rigging, generators, electronic charts, mattresses, flares, hazardous items, licenses and gift cards. if proven defective, product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. items that can be returned within 30 days if unopened and unused are: electronics, skateboards, bikes, software, bedding, canoes, tents, drones and kayaks. after 30 days, defective product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. clearance and outlet items are sold as is and cannot be returned at any time. once an item is installed, we cannot accept a return or exchange. if the product becomes defective, product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. returns on items using a promotional discount - any items returned as part of a promotional discount will be prorated and the value of the discount, free product, or gift card will be deducted from the reimbursement for items returned. items received as part of a free gift promotion cannot be exchanged unless damaged or defective and for a direct replacement only. gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash or applied to a previous purchase. remove product? × are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes remove all products? × are you sure you want to remove all products from the cart? cancel yes missing points? × please call our customer service department who can help get your points added. 8am - 11pm est 800-700-1366 × offer for new cardholders free 1 year good sam membership has been added to your cart. use your good sam rewards credit card to take advantage of this offer. view cart