来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250418010901/https://www.overtons.com/helpcenter-ourpolicies/privacyPolicy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | overton's skip to main content skip to footer content need help? (800)-334-6541 | main menu sign in / create account need help? (800)-334-6541 shop by category watersports watersports towables & tubes towables & tubes 1-person tubes 2-person tubes 3-person tubes 4-person tubes commercial grade tubes tube ropes tube pumps & accessories repair kits trampolines, bouncers & water mats trampolines, bouncers & water mats water trampolines water bouncers attachments water mats packages & parks inflatable docks pool & lake floats pool & lake floats pool floats & lounges party island water mats water toys & games lights & fountains inflatable docks water skis water skis combo waterskis slalom waterskis trainer & junior waterskis trick & wake skis waterski bindings waterski accessories barefoot barefoot barefoot booms barefoot handles & lines wakeboards wakeboards men's wakeboards women's wakeboards junior & kids wakeboards wakefoils & air chairs wakeboard bindings wakeboard accessories wakeboard towers & accessories wake shapers & ballast accesssories wakeskates & wakesurfers wakeskates & wakesurfers wakeskates wakesurfers wakesurf ropes & handles board bags & cases replacement fins wake shapers & ballast accessories kneeboards & multipurpose boards kneeboards & multipurpose boards kneeboards multipurpose boards kneeboard ropes & handles kneeboard bags & cases replacement straps & fins stand up paddleboards stand up paddleboards performance sup yoga sup fishing sup inflatable sup all-around sup sup paddles sup accessories kayaks, canoes & inflatable boats kayaks, canoes & inflatable boats kayaks canoes inflatable boats paddles hardware life jackets & pfds life jackets & pfds men's life jackets women's life jackets junior & kids life jackets inflatable life jackets pet life jackets multi packs fishing life jackets kayak life vests wetsuits, drysuits, & rash guards wetsuits, drysuits, & rash guards men's wetsuits women's wetsuits junior wetsuits neoprene shorts & tops drysuits rashguards dive & snorkel gear dive & snorkel gear snorkel sets goggles mask dive boots seascooter dive knives pwc accessories anchoring & docking anchoring & docking anchoring anchoring anchors anchor lines anchor rollers anchor chain & shackles winches & windlasses boat hooks anchor line accessories boat fenders boat fenders cylindrical fenders round fenders fender covers fender pumps fender racks & storage fender lines & hangers specialty fenders mooring whips & buoys mooring whips & buoys mooring whips mooring buoys dock bumpers & edging dock bumpers & edging corner bumper straight bumper dock wheel post bumper dock edging mounting hardware dock lines, cleats & hardware dock lines, cleats & hardware dock cleats dock lines dock hardware snubbers dock line accessories floating & stationary docks floating & stationary docks stationary docks stationary dock hardware floating docks floating dock hardware roll-in docks dock manuals boat & pwc lifts ladders & swim platforms ladders & swim platforms boat ladders dock ladders swim platforms pontoon ladders ladder brackets & mounts dock & pier lights dock de-icers dock boxes & storage dock accessories dock accessories steps & handrails dock carts weed removal bird deterrents boat hooks dock seating boat & pontoon seats boat & pontoon seats boat seats boat seats helm & fishing seats lounge & jump seats bucket seats boat seat pedestals console & helms boat seat cushions seat covers matching vinyl deck chairs pontoon boat furniture pontoon boat furniture pontoon boat seat packages pontoon arm rests captain chairs pontoon consoles corner couch corner seats pontoon flip flop seats folding boat seats lean back and reclining seats lounge seats replacement cushions & bases matching vinyl pontoon tables & pedestals pontoon boat hardware pontoon accessories pontoon boat furniture covers covers & tops covers & tops boat covers boat covers custom fit boat covers semi custom boat covers t-top & center console covers universal fit boat covers pontoon boat covers boat cover accessories bimini tops bimini tops standard bimini tops replacement frames replacement fabric tower bimini tops storage boots bimini hardware & accessories pontoon bimini tops pontoon bimini tops traditional bimini tops extra long bimini tops pontoon replacement frames pontoon replacement fabric pontoon storage boots pontoon hardware & accessories shades & enclosures pwc & jet ski covers pwc & jet ski covers custom fit pwc covers universal pwc covers boats, motors & engine parts boats, motors & engine parts boats boats inflatable boats jon boats boat accessories nepallo pontoon boats outboard motors outboard motors 4-stroke outboards electric outboards outboard mounts & brackets outboard motor covers outboard motor accessories trolling motors trolling motors bow-mount trolling motors transom-mount trolling motors trolling motor batteries & electrical trolling motor mounts & brackets trolling motor propellers trolling motor accessories kayak trolling motors boat engine parts boat engine parts air filters water pumps & cooling systems anodes manifolds carburetors & fuel injection starters spark plugs & tune up kits tilt trim motors alternators solenoids power packs stators marine diesel components exhaust & mufflers outboard motor accessories engine repair manuals engine hose gasket sealant oem fasteners seals & o-rings lower unit gaskets ignition pistons & seals drive system starter system internal engine system (ies) lubrication electrical v-belts & drive belts tools & shop supplies fuel systems fuel systems fuel & water separators fuel filters fuel fittings & hardware fuel pumps fuel treatment portable fuel tanks & caddies below deck fuel tanks above deck fuel tanks blowers & vents steering & control steering & control steering wheels steering cables & systems throttle & shifter controls steering knobs other steering & control propellers propellers aluminum propellers stainless steel propellers composite propellers nibral propellers prop nuts & washers prop wrenches propeller & skeg guards propeller hub kits propeller shafts boat performance boat performance trim tabs transom jacks hydrofoils skeg & prop protectors engine maintenance engine maintenance 2-stroke oil 4-stroke oil antifreeze fogging oil fuel additives gear lube & lower unit oil oil change pumps oil filters boat zincs & anodes motor flushers tilt & trim fluid spark plugs & tune up kits pwc & jet ski parts pwc & jet ski parts pwc impellers & performance pwc batteries & starters pwc flusher & primer kits batteries & accessories batteries & accessories battery cables & terminals battery switches battery boxes, trays & accessories batteries battery chargers & inverters battery chargers & inverters onboard chargers power inverters solar chargers portable chargers power converters charger cables & accessories gauges gauges speedometers tachometers amp & voltmeters trim gauges water temp gauges oil pressure gauges fuel gauges water pressure gauges hour meters gauge kits sending units trailering trailering trailer winches trailer winches manual trailer winches electric trailer winches winch straps & cables winch accessories trailer jacks & dollies trailer jacks & dollies single wheel dual wheel standard electric tongue jack trailer dolly trailer brakes, bearings & hubs trailer brakes, bearings & hubs trailer brakes trailer bearings & grease trailer hubs trailer axle trailer actuators trailer guides & guide-ons trailer guides & guide-ons post guide-ons bunk guide-ons roller guide-ons guide-on accessories trailer lights trailer lights trailer light kits marker & clearance lights replacement tail lights wiring, adapters & accessories trailer hardware trailer hardware fenders brackets couplers other hardware trailer bunks & bunk carpet trailer bunks & bunk carpet bunk carpet glide-ons & rollers fasteners & additional accessories boat trailer rollers boat trailer rollers bow rollers & bow stops boat trailer keel rollers & keel pads bunk rollers & wobble rollers roller end caps & roller tips straight rollers trailer roller hardware trailer tires & rims trailer tires & rims trailer tires & rims spare tire carriers other tire accessories boat trailer tie-downs trailer locks & security trailer hitch accessories trailer hitch accessories hitch balls ball mounts hitch guards & covers towpower hitch other accessories vehicle accessories vehicle accessories racks & carriers bungee cords gps back up cameras other trailering accessories repair, maintenance & hardware repair, maintenance & hardware boat cleaning supplies boat cleaning supplies cleaners, wax & protectants cleaner applicators & tools boat paint finishes boat paint finishes boat paint wood finishes paint tools & accessories fiberglass & gelcoat repair fiberglass & gelcoat repair marine caulking & adhesives putties & sealants epoxy resins additives polyester resins cloth & matting gelcoat repair resin pumps & accessories carpet & flooring carpet & flooring marine carpet non-skid vinyl boat flooring boat mats & helm pads marine lumber & re-decking adhesives hardware hardware deck hardware boat cleats hatches & deck plates drain plugs fastener & snap kits rub rail wiper blades & motors scuppers ladders & swim platforms ladders & swim platforms boat ladders dock ladders swim platforms pontoon ladders ladder brackets & mounts boat lettering & numbers boat lettering & numbers precut vinyl decals state registration numbers vinyl striping & accessories boat & pwc mirrors safety safety life jackets & pfds life jackets & pfds men's life jackets women's life jackets junior & kids life jackets inflatable life jackets pet life jackets multi packs fishing life jackets throw cushions & rings signal devices signal devices horns & whistles flares strobes alarms epirbs & plbs black box systems survival suits & life rafts fire extinguishers & detectors first aid kits paddles & boat hooks regulatory buoys & signs watersports flags boat & pwc mirrors boat lettering & numbers boat lettering & numbers precut vinyl decals state registration numbers vinyl striping & accessories floating lanyards & rings cabin, galley & decor cabin, galley & decor marine grills marine grills grills mounts pedestals covers decor & teak decor & teak nautical decor teak wood & teak care heating, cooling & ventilation heating, cooling & ventilation fans heaters vents air conditioner pumps dehumidifiers storage storage dry boxes caddys gear bags waterproof cases transport cases galley storage tables & pedestals cup & drink holders appliances freshwater systems freshwater systems faucets showers sinks water filters water heaters water tanks water treatment marine sanitation marine sanitation marine holding tanks marine toilet chemicals marine toilet paper & holders marine toilet parts marine toilets flags flags flags flag poles & hardware instruments instruments digital instruments compasses binoculars & optics weather tide & time books & videos electronics & navigation electronics & navigation marine stereos marine stereos stereo packages receivers amplifiers speakers & subwoofers stereo accessories vhf marine radios & communication vhf marine radios & communication fixed-mount vhf radios handheld vhf radios two way frs radios cb radios satellite & web communication antennas & mounts communication accessories marine autopilots marine autopilots autopilot components powerboat autopilots autopilot packages sailpilots autopilot remotes fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders depth sounders gps & fishfinder combos handheld gps fixed-mount gps gps antennas transducers & sonar accessories charting & cartography charting & cartography navionics cartography c-map cartography humminbird cartography garmin cartography raymarine cartography software computers multi-function network systems multi-function network systems multi-function network displays network cables multi-function cameras network radar antennas black box sounders multi-function packages ais gps antennas transducers & sonar accessories radars radars radar mounts radar domes open array radars radar screens radar accessories tvs & entertainment tvs & entertainment mounts antennas & receivers tvs cables action cameras action cameras cameras & filters chargers & cables mounts cases mounts, enclosures & storage mounts, enclosures & storage mounts & mount accessories marine electronics enclosures dry cases chargers phone accessories thermal cameras thermal cameras cameras mounts accessories electrical electrical switches & panels switches & panels fuse holders & blocks circuit breakers busbars toggle & rocker switches switch panels battery switches ignition switches push & pull switches rotary switches fuses lighting lighting navigation lights search, deck & hull lights courtesy & interior lights underwater lights handheld lights deck, dock & pier lights batteries & accessories batteries & accessories marine battery cables & terminals battery switches battery boxes, trays & accessories batteries battery chargers & inverters battery chargers & inverters onboard chargers power inverters solar chargers portable chargers power converters phone & usb chargers charger cables & accessories electrical wiring & repair electrical wiring & repair primary wire duplex wire triplex wire specialty wire battery cables & terminals electrical terminals & connectors wire support, ties & tubing electrical terminal kits wiring tools circuit breakers fuse holders & blocks 12 volt plugs & outlets shore power shore power adapters, plugs & outlets cord holders & covers dockside power centers electrical cord sets phone & tv wiring shore power accessories pumps & plumbing pumps & plumbing marine pumps marine pumps bilge pumps general purpose pumps washdown pumps macerator pumps freshwater pumps water & cooling pumps bait, livewell & aerator pumps air conditioner pumps pressure pump parts marine hose & clamps marine hose & clamps marine hose marine clamps boat plumbing fittings boat plumbing fittings thru-hull fittings deck fills metal plumbing fittings plastic plumbing fittings plumbing inlets plumbing strainers plumbing valves plumbing drains freshwater systems freshwater systems faucets accumulator tanks showers sinks water filters water heaters water tanks water treatment marine sanitation marine sanitation marine holding tanks marine toilet chemicals marine toilet paper & holders marine toilet parts marine toilets outdoor gear outdoor gear outdoor cooking outdoor cooking stoves outdoor grills grilling accessories deep fryers & steamers outdoor kitchen smokers & accessories outdoor seating & tables outdoor seating & tables director chairs folding & bag chairs hammocks kids chairs recliners rockers ottomans & chair accessories bean bag chairs tables canopies, shelters & screenrooms outdoor lighting outdoor lighting spotlights electric lanterns headlamps flashlights propane lanterns patio lights solar lighting lighting accessories packs, bags & cases packs, bags & cases dry bags duffel bags mesh & tote backpacks electronic bags & cases insect control sun protection beach towels outdoor toys & games bikes, scooters & accessories bikes, scooters & accessories bikes bike helmets cycling apparel cycling shoes pack bags & trailers bike accessories bike racks bike components tools & maintenance kid's cycling scooters outdoor camping outdoor camping tents sleeping equipment camp tools camp safety & survival camp bathroom vehicle accessories vehicle accessories racks & carriers bungee cords gps back up cameras other vehicle accessories generators generators portable generators generator accessories generator covers books & directories ice chests & coolers ice chests & coolers hard sided coolers soft sided coolers electric coolers novelty coolers cooler accessories drinkware pet pet fences gates & containment pet steps & ramps collars leashes & harnesses pet apparel pet furniture & covers bowls & feeders pet food pet grooming waste management pet life jackets pet toys fire pits powersports powersports dirt bikes golf carts mini bikes accessories safety equipment fishing fishing fishing rods, reels & combos fishing rods, reels & combos fishing reels fishing rod & reel combos fishing rod & reel accessories terminal tackle terminal tackle line & leaders boat tackle boxes & storage fishing tools & accessories fishing tools & accessories filet & processing bait storage tools gloves fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders, depth sounders & gps fishfinders depth sounders gps & fishfinder combos handheld gps fixed-mount gps gps antennas transducers & sonar accessories trolling motors trolling motors bow-mount trolling motors transom-mount trolling motors trolling motor batteries & electrical trolling motor mounts & brackets trolling motor propellers trolling motor accessories downriggers outriggers shallow water anchors fishing life jackets fishing kayaks & sups fishing boat seats clothing & footwear clothing & footwear men's clothing men's clothing men's outerwear men's sweatshirts & hoodies men's shirts & tops men's pants men's shorts men's swimwear men's wetsuits men's baselayer men's accessories men's loungewear women's clothing women's clothing women's outerwear women's sweatshirts & hoodies women's shirts & tops women's pants women's shorts women's swimwear women's wetsuits women's baselayer women's accessories footwear footwear men's footwear women's footwear kids' footwear footwear accessories sunglasses hats & headwear outlet shopping resources shopping resources boat cover selector bimini top selector engine part selector pwc cover selector propeller selector resource center deals deals clearance hot buys bestsellers new products members only specials good sam - join today good sam credit card track my order my favorites contact us deals clearance hot buys bestsellers new products members only specials good sam - join today good sam credit card shopping resources boat cover selector bimini top selector engine part selector pwc cover selector propeller selector resource center sign in sign in / create account track my order my favorites contact us need help? (800)-334-6541 0 cwgs privacy policy effective date/last updated: february 12, 2025 we appreciate the trust you place in cwgs group, llc and the camping world and good sam family of companies (collectively, “cwgs,” “we,” “us,” “our”). this privacy policy (“policy”) describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process the personal information we collect and the rights and choices individuals have regarding such personal information. for additional information about the privacy choices you have regarding your personal information, please review the “choices you have about our processing of your personal information” section below. if you are a california resident, please refer to the “california privacy rights” section below for information about the categories of personal information we collect and your rights under california privacy laws. residents of certain u.s. states may refer to the “other state privacy rights” section below for additional information about the privacy rights you may have under applicable state law. your use of our services and any dispute over privacy is subject to this policy and our terms of use, including their applicable terms governing limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. some of our services are subject to additional terms and conditions as identified in connection with those services. persons with disabilities may obtain this policy in alternative formats upon request by contacting us at +1 (866) 890-2810. table of contents scope of this policy personal information we collect how we use personal information how we may disclose personal information cookies and similar technologies choices you have about our processing of your personal information security of personal information children’s privacy user-generated content international users california privacy rights other state privacy rights changes to this policy contact us scope of this policy except as otherwise noted below, this policy applies to the personal information cwgs collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise processes when you: interact with our websites, mobile applications, social media sites and handles, and online services; subscribe to receive information, including marketing communications from us; participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, surveys, and research conducted by us; visit one of our stores, venues, campgrounds, or events; interact or engage with us as a current, former, and prospective service provider or business partner; and/or otherwise communicate or interact with us, such as when you email or call us (collectively, our “services”). additional notices. depending on how you engage with us, we may provide you with other privacy notices with additional details about our privacy practices. for example, this policy does not apply to job applicants or to current or former employees in the context of their employment with us. additionally, personal information we process pursuant to the federal gramm-leach-bliley act (“glba”) is covered by a different privacy notice. aggregated and deidentified data. we may use, disclose, and otherwise process aggregated or deidentified data related to our business and your use of the services for quality control, analytics, research, development, and other similar purposes. aggregated and deidentified data is not personal information. cwgs is committed to maintaining and using deidentified data in compliance with applicable law. third party links. we may offer links to or from our services via websites, services, and resources operated by third parties. we offer these links as a convenience. we are not responsible for the privacy practices, content, or policies of websites operated by third parties, and you should inquire about the privacy practices of such third parties before providing any personal information to those third parties. personal information we collect we collect personal information directly from you, automatically through your use of services, and from third-party sources. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the information we collect about you. the personal information we may collect varies based on your relationship with us. personal information you provide some of our services include features that permit you to provide personal information directly to us. we may collect and store personal information you enter via our services including: contact information. we may collect your name, phone number, email address, and physical address when you create an account or complete a transaction with us. account and profile information. if you create an account with us, we may collect your account username and password and personal information you post to your profile or account or that you otherwise submit to us through your account. demographics. we may collect certain demographic information, such as date of birth, and other personal information requested via forms, such as lead generation forms. payments and purchases. if you make purchases through our services, we may collect payment information such as payment card details, payment type, credit card number or other payment account details, including billing and shipping address. events and bookings. if you make an appointment/reservation booking via our services, we may the personal information provided to make such appointment/booking. marketing and promotions. if you agree to receive direct marketing communications from us, such as when you subscribe to our email newsletters, we may collect your email address. online submissions. we may collect any personal information you provide by interacting via our online forums and with our online chat features, or by commenting on content posted in public areas of our services. please note that these comments posted in public areas of our services are also visible to other users of our services. social media information. we may collect your social media handle when you interact with our services through social media. surveys and feedback. we may collect the personal information you provide when you complete a survey administered by us or otherwise provide us with feedback. sweepstakes, contests, and promotions. we may collect the personal information you provide when you participate in a contest or sweepstakes we offer, which may include your social security number (or other applicable government identification number) and driver’s license number if you win such contest or sweepstakes. we may also be required to post the names of winners depending on the jurisdiction. communications and interactions. if you contact us, such as at our call centers, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any information provided, including via call recording. when you email or otherwise communicate with us, we collect and maintain a record of those communications. if you interact or engage with us via the live chat functions available through the services, we collect your messages, questions, feedback, and any other information you so choose to provide. health information. we may collect medical or health information you provide to us when requesting special accommodations or filing incident reports while using our services. business development information. to assess and pursue potential business opportunities, we may collect and receive personal information about current, former, and prospective service providers and business partners including name, company information, contact details, and communications records. other information. we may collect any other personal information you choose to submit to us via our services. personal information we collect automatically when you interact with our services, certain personal information about your use of our services may be collected automatically through the use of cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. the personal information we may automatically collect includes: device and browsing information. details of your visits to our websites and services, and personal information generated in the course of the use of our services, including traffic data, general location data, which may be derived from your ip address, weblogs and other communication data, and how you reached our websites (the referring and exiting urls). we also may collect details regarding the device you use to access our services, including, but not limited to, your ip address, unique id, operating system, and browser type. activities and usage. we also may collect activity information related to your use of the services, such as information about the links clicked, searches conducted, features used, items viewed and added to your cart, files and content uploaded, streamed, or deleted, time spent within the services, and your interactions with us and others within the services. location information. when accessing our websites on a mobile device or using any of our mobile applications, we may access your general location if you have enabled location services on your device for our mobile applications. we also may collect gps details from your motorized rv (if enabled with such functionality) if you do not delete this data from your vehicle’s device before you provide us with your motorized rv. interactions. we may collect personal information about how you interact with our services, such as our emails, ads, and newsletters, including whether you open or click links in any correspondences. images and videos. we may collect your photographic or video image if you visit one of our stores. for more information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies, please see the “cookies and similar technologies” section below. personal information we collect from third parties we may collect some personal information from third parties including business partners, advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics and marketing providers, and operating systems and platforms: personal information about your browsing history, search history, and interactions with websites, applications, and advertisements. personal information from our business partners with whom we collaborate on various matters, including if you make purchases from marketplaces that sell our products and services. personal information to further supplement or validate the information we otherwise collect about you. publicly available information subject to applicable law, we may collect information about you that is publicly available, including on our websites, third-party websites, and otherwise. please note that we are not responsible for what third parties do with information you make available in public areas of our services or elsewhere. how we use personal information we may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes: providing our services. to allow you to maintain your account with us and otherwise run our day-to-day operations, to provide you with our products and services, including to complete transactions, to take steps to enter into a contract for a sale or for services, to process payments, to fulfill orders, to send service communications (including product safety and recall-related notices), and for other customer service functions. marketing and promotions. subject to applicable law, to contact you regarding offers, promotions, discounts, and other services, provided by us or our third-party business partners that may interest you. tailored advertising and ad effectiveness. to deliver tailored advertising of our services based on your preferences or interests across services and devices and for measuring the effectiveness of ads, including understanding our customer base and purchasing trends. this includes creating custom audiences on social media websites and search engine platforms. responding to inquiries. to contact you in response to an inquiry, complaint, or incident report. this includes responding to your comments and reviews of our services on social media websites and search engine platforms. research and surveys. to administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or customer satisfaction purposes. planning and managing events. for event planning and management purposes, including registration, attendance, connecting you with other event attendees, and contacting you about relevant events and services. customization and personalization. to tailor content we may send or display to you, to enable additional features on our services, and to provide you with a personalized service. membership program. if you are a member of our good sam membership program, to administer that program. improving our services. to improve and grow our business, including understanding how our services are being used, for analytics purposes, and to develop new features, products, or services, and for internal quality control and training purposes. auditing, reporting, and other internal operations. to conduct financial, tax, and accounting audits; audits and assessments of our operations, privacy, security, and financial controls and compliance with legal obligations; our general business, accounting, record keeping, and legal functions; and to maintain appropriate business records and enforce company policies and procedures. in support of our general business operations. to assess, execute on, and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, dispositions, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings. protecting our rights and responding to legal requests/obligations. to protect the services and our business operations, and to protect our rights or those of our stakeholders; to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies and terms of use, or activities that may be fraudulent or illegal; and to comply with legal requirements regarding the provision of products and services. other purposes. for other purposes where we provide notice, obtain your consent, or that are otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. how we may disclose personal information we may disclose the personal information we collect for the purposes described above and as follows: affiliates and subsidiaries. we may disclose personal information with current or future affiliates or subsidiaries to provide services and for research, marketing, and other purposes consistent with this policy. service providers. we may disclose personal information to service providers who perform functions on our behalf. these service providers include entities that provide delivery services, customer information management services, customer communications and marketing services, billing and collection services, payment processing and order fulfillment services, auditing and accounting services, professional services/consultants, analytics services, security services, companies who administer our products and services, and it services, such as internet service providers and operating systems and platforms. social media platforms. we may respond to or otherwise engage with social media posts or messages directed at one of our accounts, or which reference our products or services. if you publicly share content about us or our products or services, we may choose to re-post or otherwise share that content with social media companies and our followers, subject to the terms of the relevant social media platform. additionally, your interaction with us through social media typically allows the social media company to collect some personal information about you through cookies or other tracking mechanisms on our websites. in some cases, the social media company may recognize you through its digital cookies even when you do not interact with their application. please visit the social media companies’ privacy policies to better understand their data collection practices and privacy settings. third-party advertisers. we may disclose personal information to third-party advertisers for marketing and advertising purposes. these companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting on our behalf. for more information, please see the “cookies and similar technologies” section below. business partners. to enhance your user experience, we may provide personal information to a select group of companies that offer products and services that may interest you. for example, we may offer promotions – such as sweepstakes or free camping – in collaboration with business partners. we may disclose your personal information with these business partners if they need it to send you a product, such as to fulfill a prize or the offer of a free night of camping. other users. if you submit or make available information through our public-facing, interactive online features and forums, such as when you post reviews, testimonials, or questions about our products or services, information such as your name, review, testimonial, or question, may be available to, and searchable by, other users of the services. acquirers of business assets. we may sell certain of our businesses or assets to other companies in connection with mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, dispositions, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings. when such transactions take place, your information may constitute a part of the transferred business assets. in the event that we, or any of our affiliates, sell some, all, or substantially all of our assets to another company, your personal information likely will be disclosed and transferred as an asset to such company, as well as in contemplation of such transactions (e.g., due diligence). law enforcement and government authorities. we disclose personal information to comply with legal proceedings, such as pursuant to a court order or subpoena, or if we reasonably believe such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of regulators, law enforcement, or other public authorities; to enforce our terms of use, sweepstakes/contest rules; to assert or defend other legal claims; and to protect the safety, integrity, and security of our services, users, and information. others as permitted or as required by law. we may disclose personal information in other ways not described above that we notify you of or that we obtain your consent for, or that are otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. when we collect your phone number to text or call you, we do not disclose your phone number or other opt-in data to third parties for the purpose of those third parties contacting you for their own purposes. these third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may be located outside your jurisdiction of residence, as described below in the “international users” section. cookies and similar technologies we use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies to automatically collect and record information about your browsing activities and use of our services. we use this information to, for example, analyze and understand how users access, use, and interact with our services, to identify and resolve bugs and errors in our services, to assess secure, protect, optimize, and improve the performance of our services, to prevent fraud and protect our services, as well as for targeted marketing and advertising purposes, for analytics purposes, and to personalize content in our services. we may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our service providers may do so on our behalf). cookies “cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for tracking purposes. some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process, support the security and performance of the services, or allow us to track activity and usage data within the services. pixel tags pixel tags (sometime called web beacons or clear gifs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. while cookies are stored locally on your device, pixel tags are embedded invisibly within web pages and online content. we may use these, in connection with our services to, among other things, track the activities of users, and help us manage content and compile usage statistics. we may also use these in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded so we can track response rates and gauge the effectiveness of our communications. third-party analytics we may use automated devices and applications, such as google analytics to evaluate your use of our services. we may also use other analytics to evaluate our services. we use these tools to help us understand and improve our services. these entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (lsos), to perform their services. to learn more about google’s privacy practices, please see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. you can also download the google analytics opt-out browser add-on to prevent your data from being used by google analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. cross-device use we and our service providers may use the information we collect about you (whether directly from our services, through your device(s), or from a third party) to help us and our service providers identify other devices you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.). we and our service providers also may use the cross-device and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you emails. third-party advertisers and network advertisers we partner with companies that assist us in advertising our services. these companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting. we use network advertisers to serve advertisements on non-affiliated websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). this enables us and these network advertisers to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. these cookies and other technologies are governed by each entity’s specific privacy policy, not this one. we may provide these advertisers with information, including your personal information. choices you have about our processing of your personal information account and profile information if you have an account with us, you may access, update, or correct your account and profile information at any time by logging in to your account and updating the personal information we maintain. we may keep a copy of your prior information for a period of time as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, as part of our business records, and our backup data. your communication preferences if you have an account with any of our brands, you can review your communication preferences by logging in through “my account” or a similarly designated section of our websites. you may make modifications to your communication preferences directly through your account. if you don’t have an account, can’t find your account, or some of our services do not provide an account section, please contact us via the methods noted in the “help and support,” “contact us,” or a similarly designated section of our websites. you can request that we not send marketing emails to you by unsubscribing from the communication via the link at the bottom of the email. when you subscribe to our publications or otherwise do business with us, we may send you certain direct mail marketing offers. if you no longer want to receive these offers please contact us and ask that we do not include you in our future offerings. please note that because marketing campaigns are planned a few months ahead of time, you may continue to receive marketing offers after making a request. write to us at good sam mail preference service, p.o. box 6888, englewood, co 80155-6888 to opt-out of future mailings. tracking and advertising choices browser solutions for opting out of cookies. to prevent cookies from tracking your activity on our websites, you can set your browser to block certain cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. you may also click the “targeted advertising opt out” link on the bottom of our website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website. however, your opt out may not be effective if your browser is configured to reject cookies. please note that even after disabling cookies as noted above you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). in addition, certain aspects of our websites may not behave as expected should you disable cookies. if you are experiencing website issues, it may be due to your cookie preference settings. industry solutions for opting out of ad networks. users may opt-out of certain ad networks. for example, visit the digital advertising alliance (“daa”) consumer choice page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising. please be advised that opting out of ad networks will opt you out from certain companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our websites or on other websites. you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). additional information is available on the daa’s websites at www.aboutads.info and https://youradchoices.com/appchoices (for mobile apps). security of personal information we use a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to protect the personal information we process via the services. while we use these precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the networks, systems, servers, devices, and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf. children’s privacy our services are not directed to or intended for, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 16. if you are under 16, please do not submit any personal information via our services. if we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 16, we will delete such information from our systems. if you are a parent or legal guardian and have reason to believe your child has provided personal information to us via our services, please contact us using the contact information below. user-generated content we may offer blogs, online forums, or other public-facing, interactive features in connection with our services that enable you to share information about the services or other issues of interest (e.g., reviews, testimonials, and questions). you should be aware that any communications you submit or post to any such interactive feature on the services may be viewable by other participants or users. by submitting or posting to such interactive features you acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in the content you submit for such features, whether or not it contains personal information about you. international users our services are directed to individuals in the u.s. personal information that you provide to us and that we collect as a result of your using our services will be processed in the u.s. or in other jurisdictions, which may include jurisdictions outside your jurisdiction of residence. the privacy and data protection laws in the u.s. or those other jurisdictions may not be equivalent to or adequate under the laws in your jurisdiction of residence, and you understand ‎that the governments, courts, law enforcement, or regulatory agencies in those jurisdictions may be able ‎to obtain disclosure of that personal information through the laws of the foreign jurisdiction. by using our services or by otherwise providing us with your personal information, you agree to the processing of your personal information in the u.s. and other jurisdictions. california privacy rights this section of the policy provides additional information for california residents (pursuant to the california consumer privacy act, as amended by the california privacy rights act, and its implementing regulations (collectively, the “ccpa”). this section applies to "personal information" as defined in the ccpa. this section does not address or apply to our handling of personal information that is exempt under the ccpa. categories of personal information collected and disclosed the following table identifies the categories of personal information we may collect about you (and may have collected in the last 12 months), as enumerated by the ccpa, as well as the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose this information for a business or commercial purpose. categories of personal information third party and other recipient disclosures identifiers. such as a real name, alias, address, vin, ip address and online identifiers, internet protocol address, email address, phone number, account name, or other unique personal identifiers. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers social media platforms third-party advertisers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law customer records. such as records that contain personal information, including certain identifiers, billing and payment information, signature, customer service and support tickets and records, and other information you provide in order to use our services. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law commercial information. such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers social media platforms third-party advertisers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law internet or other electronic network activity information or usage data (“usage data”). such as, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including other usage data related to your use of any of our services or other online services. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers social media platforms third-party advertisers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law geolocation data. such as general location information about a particular individual or device, including zip code, city, or region, which may be derived from your ip address. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers social media platforms third-party advertisers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law audio, electronic, visual, or similar information. such as information collected via call recordings if you are interacting with us in a customer service capacity or if you call us on a recorded line, videos, photographs, and cctv footage to secure our offices and premises. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law professional information. such as job title, company name, business email, business phone number, and other similar professional-related information. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law protected classifications. such as information that is considered a protected classification under california/federal law (e.g., gender, date of birth, citizenship, marital status, and disability status). affiliates and subsidiaries service providers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law inferences. such as inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behaviors, or attitudes. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers social media platforms third-party advertisers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law sensitive personal information. in limited circumstances, we may collect account log-in information, social security number, driver’s license number, and personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health. affiliates and subsidiaries service providers business partners acquirers of business assets law enforcement and government authorities others as permitted or as required by law in addition and as noted above, if you submit or make available information through our public-facing, interactive online features and forums, such as when you post reviews, testimonials, or questions about our products or services, information such as your name, review, testimonial, or question, may be available to, and searchable by, other users of the services. sources of personal information we may collect personal information from various sources, including directly from the consumer, via automated means, from third parties, and from publicly available information. this may include collecting personal information from our affiliated companies, business partners, and service providers; third-party platforms; third-party sites and services; advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; operating systems and platforms; and social networks. purposes of collection, use, and disclosure we may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process the personal information we collect for the business or commercial purposes described in the “how we use personal information” section above. sensitive personal information we do not collect, use, or disclose “sensitive personal information” beyond the purposes authorized by the ccpa. accordingly, our collection, use, and disclosure of sensitive personal information is generally limited to what is reasonable and proportionate for the following purposes: to perform the services as reasonably expected by you; to detect security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of personal information that is stored or transmitted; to resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible for those actions; to ensure the physical safety of you and others; for short-term, transient uses; to verify your information, provide customer support, or provide similar services; and with respect to a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, to verify or maintain the quality or safety, improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device. retention of personal information we retain your personal information for as long as needed, or permitted, based on the reason we obtained it, subject to applicable law. when deciding how long to keep your personal information, we consider whether we are subject to any legal obligations (e.g., any laws that require us to keep records for a certain period of time before we can delete them), whether we have taken any legal positions (e.g., issued any legal holds or otherwise need to preserve the information), or whether there are other business reasons that require us to keep your personal information (e.g., system integrity). “sales” or “sharing” of personal information the ccpa defines “sale” as disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” includes disclosing or making available personal information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. while we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “share” certain identifiers (i.e., ip address and online identifiers), usage data, and inferences to advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks, including in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. we do so in order to improve and evaluate our advertising campaigns and better reach customers and prospective customers with more relevant ads and content. we do not “sell” or “share” sensitive personal information, nor do we “sell” or “share” any personal information about individuals who we know are under sixteen (16) years old. your rights under the ccpa the ccpa provides california residents with specific rights regarding personal information. this section describes your rights under the ccpa and explains how to exercise those rights. subject to certain conditions and exceptions, california consumers have the right to make the following requests: right to know/access. with respect to the personal information we have collected about you in the prior twelve (12) months, you have the right to request: (i) the categories of personal information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information; (iii) the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information; (iv) the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information; and (v) a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected. right to delete. subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any personal information we collected from you. right to correct. subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. consumers merely seeking to update their personal information (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “choices you have about our processing of your personal information” section above. right to opt-out of sale/sharing. you have the right to opt-out of the “sale” and “sharing” of personal information, as those terms are defined under the ccpa. right to limit use of sensitive personal information. you have the right to limit use and disclose of your sensitive personal information. we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information beyond the purposes authorized by the ccpa; thus, this right is not available. right to non-discrimination. you have the right not to be subjected to discriminatory treatment for exercising any of the rights described in this section. submitting ccpa requests exercising your rights if you are a california resident and would like to exercise your ccpa rights to know/access, delete, correct, or opt out of “sharing” (in the non-cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies context), you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit the form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar. you are not required to create an account to exercise your rights. you can also have an authorized agent make certain requests. to opt out of the “sharing” of personal information in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website, you can (1) click on the “do not sell or share my personal information” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal, such as the global privacy control (“gpc”), as described below. further to the above, we honor your right to opt out of “sharing” as signaled by a universal opt out signal or gpc. to enable gpc, you can visit the global privacy control page at https://globalprivacycontrol.org. if you download a supported browser or extension and exercise your privacy rights with gpc, we will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website after our website detects a gpc signal. if you visit our website from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt-out, or use an opt-out preference signal, for that browser and/or device. verification of certain requests only you, or an individual legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. depending on the type of request, we may request information from you in order to confirm/verify your identity. additionally, authorized agents may be required to provide proof of their authorization, and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly confirm/verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent. we cannot respond to your request if we are unable to confirm/verify your identity or your authority to make a request on behalf of another person. other california privacy disclosures notice of financial incentive with respect to some of our services, cwgs may make available certain programs or offerings, and other sweepstakes, contests, or similar promotional offerings (each a “program”) which may include certain offers, rewards, discounts, services, perks, and promotions (“rewards and offers”). these programs may be considered “financial incentives” under the ccpa. as described below, cwgs collects, discloses, and retains personal information about participating customers as part of these programs. good sam membership program. this program requires you provide us with personal information, which may include identifiers (i.e., name, email, address, username, and other similar contact information) and certain commercial information (i.e., purchasing history). for more information, please see https://www.goodsam.com/club. other programs. we may also provide or offer other programs, such as promotional offerings or incentives. some of these programs may be administered by third party partners who may collect or receive your personal information to administer the program and provide related services to us. as a basis for offering these rewards and offers, we have valued the personal information we obtain based on a reasonable and good faith calculation determined by considering expenses related to the programs. in doing so, we value the personal information collected through the programs as the equivalent of the costs and expenses incurred to provide the program, including it, administration, direct costs, third party costs, discounts, and service development costs. your personal information is collected and retained, and may be disclosed to cwgs’s business partners, vendors, and service providers, and other third parties, as described in this policy, including in order (1) to administer the program; (2) for research and analytics purposes; (3) to improve our products and services; (4) to better reach you with more relevant, targeted offers; and (5) to send you cwgs news, updates, and offers by email, postal mail, and text message (in accordance with your communications preferences). you may request to withdraw from participating in a program by contacting us using the information in the “contact us” section below. depending on the program from which you are requesting to withdraw, we may need to redirect you to another resource, which may be internal or external, to assist you with your request. please note that if you withdraw from a program, your participation in that program will be terminated, which means that you may no longer be eligible to earn, use, access, or redeem any program rewards and offers. please also note that, as described at the beginning of this policy, some of our services are subject to additional terms and conditions as identified in connection with those services, and the process by which you must withdraw from participation in those services may vary. california “shine the light” disclosure under california’s “shine the light” law, california residents who provide us certain personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third-party sharing in the prior calendar year. to make such a request please contact us at +1 (866) 890-2810. other state privacy rights this section of the policy provides additional information for colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, utah, and virginia residents pursuant to the privacy laws of those states, and this section applies to “personal data” as defined in those laws. the laws of colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, utah, and virginia provide residents of those states with specific rights regarding personal data. subject to certain conditions and exceptions, colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, utah, and virginia consumers have the right to make the following requests: right to access/portability. you have the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access and obtain a copy of the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. right to delete. subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to delete personal data provided to or obtained by us. right to correct. subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal data. individuals merely seeking to update their data (for example to provide a new mailing address) may do so by following the processes described in the “choices you have about our processing of your personal information” section above. right to opt-out. you have the right to opt out of certain types of processing of personal data, including (1) the “sale” of personal data; (2) targeted advertising; and (3) profiling. we do not engage in profiling that for the purposes of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects; thus, this right is not available. right to appeal. if we decline to take action regarding your request, you have the right to appeal. in our response denying your request, we will notify you of our reasons for denying the request and provide instructions for how you can appeal the decision. purposes of collection, use, and disclosure for more information about the categories of personal data we may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process, please refer to the personal information we collect, how we use personal information, and how we may disclose personal information sections above. while we do not disclose personal data to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” or process the following categories of personal data for “targeted advertising” (as those terms are defined by applicable state privacy laws): identifiers (i.e., ip address and online identifiers), usage data, and inferences. we may disclose these categories of data to advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks, including in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. we do so in order to improve and evaluate our advertising campaigns and better reach customers and prospective customers with more relevant ads and content. exercising your rights if you are a resident of colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, utah, or virginia and would like to exercise your rights to access/portability, delete, correct, opt out of targeted advertising (in the non-cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies context), or appeal, you may call us at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or submit a request using the form available https://www.campingworld.com/dar. if you are a resident of colorado, connecticut, delaware, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, or texas, you can also have an authorized agent make a targeted advertising opt out request. while we do not disclose personal data to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may “sell” personal data under colorado, connecticut, delaware, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, and texas privacy law in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies. to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data, you can (1) click on the “do not sell or share my personal information” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like gpc. to opt out of targeted advertising in the context of our use of certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website, you can (1) click on the “targeted advertising opt out” link on the bottom of the website to toggle controls that are available via that tool, which will turn off certain cookies, pixel tags, and other similar tools and technologies on our website or (2) use a universal opt-out signal like gpc. to otherwise opt out of targeted advertising, submit a request as set forth above. colorado loyalty program disclosure we may make available certain programs, offerings, rewards, premium features, or discounts that may be considered a “loyalty program” under colorado privacy law, as described below. the categories of personal data collected through our loyalty program that may be “sold” or processed for "targeted advertising,” as those terms are defined under the colorado privacy law, include the categories of information listed in the “personal information we collect” section above. the categories of third parties that may receive personal data include the categories of third parties listed in the “how we may disclose personal information” section above. more information about our programs, offerings, rewards, premium features, or discounts that may be considered a “loyalty program” under colorado privacy law (including the businesses with which we partner and the benefits these partners provide) can be found at https://www.goodsam.com/club and in our related printed materials. please note that in order to provide you with the benefits noted above, we must verify your membership status. this means that we cannot delete your information and continue to provide you with these benefits. changes to this policy this policy is current as of the effective date/last updated set forth above. we may change this policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. we will post any updates to policy here. if we make material changes to how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information we have previously collected about you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice. all changes to this policy are effective when posted. contact us if you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us by using the contact information below: cwgs group, llc po box 6888 englewood, co 80155-6888 +1 (866) 890-2810 your adventure awaits sign up for emails and stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and promotions. enter your email address sign up by checking this box and clicking sign up, i opt-in to receive promotional email communications about products or services or offers that may be of interest to me from the camping world and good sam family of brands. i understand i can withdraw my consent at any time. for questions, please see our privacy policy & california privacy rights. follow us © cwi, llc 2025. all rights reserved. help & support 1-800-334-6541 email us help center site map order support easy returns shipping & delivery check my order start a return our partners good sam camping world the house our policies accessibility statement ca supply chain disclosure privacy policy california privacy rights do not sell or share my personal information targeted advertising opt out terms of sale terms of use product support gift cards notices and recalls reviews boat cover selector bimini top selector pwc cover selector propeller selector resource center corporate info about us about marcus lemonis blog careers investor relations team member assistance good sam rewards credit card learn more manage good sam rewards visa manage good sam rewards credit card follow us © cwi, llc 2025. all rights reserved. return policy × return policy we believe in offering the very best value, quality, and selection. plus, we want you to enjoy your purchase! in the event you wish to send a product back to us, you may return most unused items for a refund or exchange, minus shipping, within 90 days from the date of purchase unless noted below under exceptions and exclusions. refunds are issued to the original form of payment. for web orders, please contact our customer service team (1-800-334-6541) to ensure your return or exchange is documented and any potential questions have been answered. in most cases, a return authorization will be provided, and, in every case, we’ll begin to keep an eye out for your return. good sam members who have maintained a continuous active membership status may return any unused and unopened product, purchased on feb. 9, 2018, or later at any time. good sam club members must be active on the date of product purchase. (some exclusions apply.) for good sam protection plans, simply return any good sam protection plan purchase to the store for processing or give us a call at 1-800-334-6541. purchases paid for with a personal check are subject to a 14-day hold period prior to being eligible for return. exceptions & exclusions non-returnable items include outboard motors, trolling motors, epirbs, boats, spot, life rafts, plbs, class b ais, items with expiration dates, custom made/cut or special-order items, rigging, generators, electronic charts, mattresses, flares, hazardous items, licenses and gift cards. if proven defective, product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. items that can be returned within 30 days if unopened and unused are: electronics, skateboards, bikes, software, bedding, canoes, tents, drones and kayaks. after 30 days, defective product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. clearance and outlet items are sold as is and cannot be returned at any time. once an item is installed, we cannot accept a return or exchange. if the product becomes defective, product returns or exchanges must be handled directly with the manufacturer. returns on items using a promotional discount - any items returned as part of a promotional discount will be prorated and the value of the discount, free product, or gift card will be deducted from the reimbursement for items returned. items received as part of a free gift promotion cannot be exchanged unless damaged or defective and for a direct replacement only. gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash or applied to a previous purchase. missing points? × please call our customer service department who can help get your points added. 8am - 11pm est 800-700-1366 × offer for new cardholders free 1 year good sam membership has been added to your cart. use your good sam rewards credit card to take advantage of this offer. view cart × congratulations! you have been enrolled in good sam basic membership! start earning points today! start earning today × confirm phone number please verify your phone number to sign up for good sam basic membership. phone number that number is already linked to a good sam basic membership submit phone number × we ran into an issue. please try again and if you continue to have issues please call 800-700-1366 for assistance. session inactive × due to a period of inactivity, you will be redirected to the homepage to continue shopping. ok