来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090106105626/http://www.monoprice.com/home/home.asp?pn=privacy
================================================================================

hdmi cable, home theater accessories, hdmi products, cables, adapters, video/audio switch, networking, usb, firewire, printer toner, and more! can't find what you need? see product catalog here. school & government's po. fax to 909-989-0078 we welcome oem orders and fulfill them through an iso14001:2004 factory. privacy statement monoprice.com is a licensee of the truste privacy program. truste is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build user's trust and confidence in the internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. this privacy statement covers the site http://www.monoprice.com. because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by truste. the truste program covers only information that is collected through this web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site. if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact monoprice.com webmaster, at privacy@monoprice.com. if you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily address, you should contact truste at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php. truste will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns. by displaying the truste trustmark, our website has agreed to inform you on: what personally identifiable information of yours monoprice.com collects. the organization collecting the information. how the information is used. with whom the information may be shared. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information. the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under monoprice.com control. how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. privacy policy statement this is the privacy policy for all web sites operated by monoprice, inc. (dba. monoprice.com). contact information monoprice, inc. attn: privacy policy 9477 london way rancho cucamonga, ca 91730 usa you can e-mail us or reach us by telephone at 909-989-6887. information collection and use at monoprice.com, we value our customers and their privacy. all personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. this information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. we will not give, sell, rent, or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so. order most of the information collected in the order process will be used to process orders. during the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. to properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. this process is protected by an enhanced security system. see the security section below for more details on security measures and procedures. we do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties, except those specified in the sharing section of this policy. registration monoprice.com doesn't have separate registration form to fill out, however, you will be registered automatically when placing a first order with us. in order to process your orders placed on this website, you must first complete the contact information form. during placing an order, you will be required to provide your contact information, which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address. this information is used to provide you with important monoprice.com services such as automated order status updates via e-mail. newsletter if you wish to subscribe our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. cookies we customize certain web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookie. if you choose to reject the cookie, you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise. the monoprice.com shopping cart cannot function without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order is retained. if you disable cookies, monoprice.com will be unable to accept your online order. we will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party. we will, however, link data stored in cookies to the personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site. this allows us to personalize your shopping experience and discern user preferences to evoke subconscious feelings of familiarity and assurance. some of our business partners use cookies on our site. we have no acess to or control over these cookies. this privacy statement covers the use of cookies by monoprice.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any business partners. log files we use ip addresses, browser type, time of day, to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. sharing we may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. these functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. the third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes. authorize.net corporation 915 south 500 east suite 200 american fork, ut 84003 1-801-492-6450 www.authorize.net paypal p.o. box 45950 omaha, ne 68145-0950 1-402-935-7733 www.paypal.com us postal service headquarters 475 l'enfant plaza, sw washington dc 1-800-ask-usps www.usps.com california overnight 3401 e. harbour drive phoenix, az 85034 1-800-334-5000 www.calover.com ups corporate headquarters 55 glenlake parkway, ne atlanta , ga 30328 united states 1-800-pick-ups www.ups.com we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site. product reviews the product reviews' section of the monoprice.com website for products is for the purpose of sharing experiences. the product reviews' section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials. published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by monoprice.com. monoprice.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion. children monoprice.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18. if you are under the age of 18, you are required seek the approval of your parent or guardian to purchase products from this site. links this website contains links to other sites. please be aware that monoprice.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website. security we employ the latest 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the site which require you to provide your personal or account information, including online ordering, and order status. your name, your personal information and especially your credit card number are safely stored in our proprietary systems behind our firewall. once you type your personal information, it is sent instantly, encrypted, directly to our order processing system which is on a server separate from our internet server. to make sure you have the latest security features on your browser, you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser, which should have full ssl support. special offers our special offers are sent only to customers who grant monoprice.com permission to send them such information. to honor the privacy of our users, we offer the option to not receive these types of communications. at the time of your order, you may opt to not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field. furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news. customers might still receive intermittent updates on products, services, specials or monoprice.com news. please reference the choice/opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list should you choose to be removed. correction/updating/reviewing personal information customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our "my account" section. you must have your username and password in order to access your account. in the event you forget both your username and password, please contact our customer service department for assistance. choice/opt-out our web site gives you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us. if you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by calling 909-989-6887 or simply send us an email at privacy@monoprice.com with your email address. notification of changes if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. if you have opted out of receiving communications from monoprice.com, you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.monoprice.com. otherwise, you may e-mail us at support@monoprice.com or call us at (909) 989-6887 to ask our customer service department about changes and updates. last update the privacy policy contained herein became officially effective december 8, 2006. my account customer service shopping info. company info. payment methods • my account • order status • track my order • contact us • rma request • new account registration • technical support • support • privacy policy • product catalog • school & gov.'s po • company information • credit card • paypal • google checkout • check / money order copyright© 2001-2008 monoprice, inc. all rights reserved. all trademarks are the sole property of their respective companies. all prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. monoprice is not responsible for typographical errors. all typographical errors are subject to correction.