来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121230195023/http://www.monoprice.com/home/home.asp?pn=privacy
================================================================================

hdmi cable, home theater accessories, hdmi products, cables, adapters, video/audio switch, networking, usb, firewire, printer toner, and more! monoprice most in-stock items ordered by 2pm pacific time ship the same business day! home home theater cable adapters video/audio switches networking security accessories computer accessories ink & toner my account login my orders my wishlist shopping cart live chat search 30 day money back guaranteeno restocking feeeasy return100% safe ssl encrypted shoppingpci-dss level 1 compliant9.63/10 resellerratings.com customer satisfaction ratelifetime warranty on all cables and non-electronic productsfree life time tech support home > privacy policy privacy policy monoprice.com is a licensee of the truste privacy program. truste is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build user's trust and confidence in the internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. this privacy statement covers the site http://www.monoprice.com. because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by truste. the truste program covers only information that is collected through this web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site. if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact monoprice.com webmaster, at privacy@monoprice.com. if you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily address, you should contact truste at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php. truste will then serve as a liaison with monoprice.com to resolve your concerns. by displaying the truste trustmark, our website, monoprice.com has agreed to inform you on: what personally identifiable information of yours monoprice.com collects. the organization collecting the information. how the information is used. with whom the information may be shared. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information. the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under monoprice.com control. how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. this is the privacy policy for all web sites operated by monoprice, inc. (dba. monoprice.com). contact information monoprice, inc. attn: privacy policy 11701 6th street rancho cucamonga, ca 91730 usa you can e-mail us or reach us by telephone at 877-271-2592. privacy policy statement information collection and use at monoprice.com, we value our customers and their privacy. all personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. this information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. we will not give, sell, rent, or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so. order most of the information collected in the order process will be used to process orders. during the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. to properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. this process is protected by an enhanced security system. see the security section below for more details on security measures and procedures. we do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties, except those specified in the sharing section of this policy. invite a friend if you feel that the services of monoprice.com would be useful for a third party you know (e.g. your friends or family members etc), you may use our referral service. if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's email address. we will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. monoprice.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. registration monoprice.com doesn't have a separate registration form to fill out, however you will be registered automatically when placing your first order with us. in order to process your orders placed on this website, you must first complete the contact information form. during the ordering process you will be required to provide your contact information, which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address. this information is used to provide you with important monoprice.com services such as automated order status updates via e-mail. newsletter if you wish to subscribe our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. cookies we customize certain web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookie. if you choose to reject the cookie, you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise. the monoprice.com shopping cart cannot function without cookies enabled, as the necessary information to process your order is retained within the cookie. if you disable cookies, monoprice.com will be unable to accept your online order. we will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party. we will, however, link data stored in cookies to the personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site. this allows us to personalize your shopping experience and discern user preferences to evoke subconscious feelings of familiarity and assurance. some of our business partners use cookies on our site. we have no access to or control over such cookies used by our business partners. this privacy statement covers the use of cookies by monoprice.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any business partners. log files we use internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, and, time of day, to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. sharing we may employ third party companies to perform various functions on our behalf. these functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. the third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes. authorize.net corporation 915 south 500 east suite 200 american fork, ut 84003 1-801-492-6450 www.authorize.net paypal p.o. box 45950 omaha, ne 68145-0950 1-402-935-7733 www.paypal.com us postal service headquarters 475 l'enfant plaza, sw washington dc 1-800-ask-usps www.usps.com california overnight 3401 e. harbour drive phoenix, az 85034 1-800-334-5000 www.calover.com ups corporate headquarters 55 glenlake parkway, ne atlanta , ga 30328 united states 1-800-pick-ups www.ups.com we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site. product reviews the product reviews section of the monoprice.com website is for the purpose of our users to share their experiences with our products. the product reviews' section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials. published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by monoprice.com. monoprice.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion. children monoprice.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18. if you are under the age of 18, you are required seek the approval of your parent or guardian to purchase products from this site. links this website contains links to other sites. please be aware that monoprice.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website, monoprice.com security we employ the latest 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the site, which requires you to provide your personal or account information, including online ordering, and order status. your name, your personal information and especially your credit card number are safely stored in our proprietary systems behind our firewall. once you type your personal information, it is sent instantly, encrypted, directly to our order processing system which is on a server separate from our internet server. to make sure you have the latest security features on your browser, you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser, which should have full secure socket layer (ssl) support. special offers our special offers are sent only to customers who grant monoprice.com permission to send them such information. to honor the privacy of our users, we offer the option to not receive these types of communications. at the time of your order, you may opt-out of receiving special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field. furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news. customers might still receive intermittent updates on products, services, specials or monoprice.com news. please reference the choice/opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list should you choose to be removed. correction/updating/reviewing personal information customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our "my account" section. you must have your username and password in order to access your account. in the event you forget both your username and password, please contact our customer service department for assistance. choice/opt-out our web site gives you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us. if you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by calling 877-271-2592 or simply send us an email at privacy@monoprice.com with your email address. notification of changes if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, our homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. we use liveperson chatting software. please see their privacy policy below: at liveperson, we have created this privacy policy because we are concerned about protecting the privacy of the users of our live online customer service. liveperson edeavors to be in compliance with data privacy laws and regulations, including the eu directive 95-46. as such we have obtained "safe harbor" status from the us department of commerce which entails adopting the data quality principles set forth in the eu data privacy directive. the success of our service depends on our ability to maintain the trust of these users. please read on for more information about our privacy policy. what does liveperson do? liveperson is a leading provider of technology that facilitates real-time sales and customer service for companies doing business on the internet. we are an application service provider, or asp, and we offer our proprietary real-time interaction technology as an outsourced service to our customers. as an asp, we collect information on behalf of our customers. we also collect information on our own website. our methods for collection and use of information depend on whether the user logs directly onto our website (a "liveperson user") or accesses our service on one of our customer's sites (an "asp user"). liveperson users what information do we collect from liveperson users? when the online customer service chat first begins, liveperson users are asked to enter their names in whatever format or detail they prefer. during the chat, liveperson users enter into a live question and answer session with an operator. we maintain dialogue transcripts of these chats. after the chat, we ask liveperson users to fill out an exit survey in order to obtain valuable feedback about our service. filling out the exit survey is completely voluntary. the surveys may ask for contact information (e.g., email address) and for demographic information (e.g., zip code, age or income level). liveperson users in need of technical support are required to complete a form for purposes of defining and clarifying their technical support requests. when submitting a technical support request, liveperson users are asked to provide the following identifiable information: email address, url of their site and a description of the issue. emails sent to support are kept only for problem solving purposes and this information is not shared with or disclosed to any outside third parties. we log browser information (e.g., internet protocol addresses and browser types) to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information and administer our site. we also collect data through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our site. we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age. the exit surveys ask liveperson users to enter their age so that we may refuse to accept any information that has been submitted by anyone under 18. how does liveperson use information it collects from liveperson users and will liveperson disclose such information to outside parties? we access the information we collect for certain purposes (for example, to aggregate the information, to monitor the use of the service during certain chats and for other lawful purposes). a liveperson user's information, including personally identifiable information, will not be shared with anyone. we do not sell, trade or rent the personal information that liveperson users provide. asp users what information do we collect from asp users? when the online customer service chat first begins, asp users may be asked to enter their names or other personal information to facilitate service. by providing such personal information, asp user consents to liveperson collecting and processing such personal information on behalf of itself or its customers. also, during the chat, asp users enter into a live question and answer session with an operator. we maintain dialogue transcripts of these chats. after the chat, our customers may ask asp users to fill out an exit survey in order to obtain valuable feedback. filling out the exit survey is completely voluntary. the surveys may ask for contact information (e.g., email address) and for demographic information (e.g., zip code, age or income level). the surveys vary by customer so that our customers may obtain feedback specific to their website and business, as well as feedback regarding our service. we log browser information (e.g., internet protocol addresses and browser types) to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information and administer our site. by choosing to engage in a chat and use the services, asp user consents to such logging and processing of ip address. we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age. the exit surveys ask asp users to enter their age so that our clients may refuse to accept any information that has been submitted by anyone under 18. how does liveperson use information it collects from asp users and will liveperson disclose such information to outside parties? we access the information we collect for certain purposes including, but not limited to, the following: to provide maintenance, support or professional services to our customers, to aggregate the information, to monitor the use of the service during certain chats and for other lawful purposes. an asp user's information contained in the dialogue transcripts and the exit surveys may be shared with our customer on whose website the asp user accessed our service (the "asp customer"). furthermore, such information may be shared with others on an aggregate basis. personally identifiable information or business information related to an asp customer or asp user (supplied voluntarily during the chat or in the exit survey) will not be shared with parties other than the asp customer, except as required by law. we actively encourage the asp customers to post a privacy policy on their site and to ensure that their use of the information will comply with their privacy policy. we do not sell, trade or rent the personally identifiable information that asp users provide. information relevant to both liveperson users and asp users how does liveperson protect user information? our site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. we offer secure sessions for chats at our clients' option so that data passed between users and operators cannot be decrypted. to achieve this level of security, we use secure socket layer (ssl) encryption that encodes information as it is being sent over the internet between the user and the operator. all chats and user data are maintained and archived on secure servers. access to stored data is password protected and passwords are account specific. therefore, no customer can view data for another customer. we also use appropriate firewall technology within our facility to prevent unauthorized access. for another level of protection, all data is backed up daily, and archives are stored off-site in a secure location. what about "cookies" cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. use of cookies makes web browsing easier by performing certain functions such as saving passwords, lists of potential purchases, personal preferences regarding the use of the particular website, and to make sure the user does not see the same ad repeatedly. many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. our site uses cookies to enhance the user's experience by allowing us to recognize a user's return visit to our own service. browsers are usually set to accept cookies. however, if users would prefer not to receive cookies, they may alter the configuration of their browser to refuse cookies. if they choose to have their browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by these users. opt-out policy liveperson gives users options wherever necessary and practical. such choices include opting not to engage in chat sessions and opting not to provide identifiable information during chat sessions. in summary we are committed to protecting the privacy of the users of our service. we use the information we collect to provide a better experience for future use of our service and to provide our customers with valuable feedback on their websites and businesses. correcting and updating personal information if any of the personal information that you provided to us changes or is incorrect, please email us with your new, correct information. business transfers in the event that someone buys or acquires us or substantially all of our assets, our information about you and your use of our services will likely be one of the acquired assets. tell us what you think liveperson welcomes your feedback on our privacy policy. send your comments to privacy@liveperson.com. we recommend that you review this policy periodically, as we may update it from time to time. we use steelhouse marketing tools. please see their privacy policy below: we partner with steelhouse to deliver offers that are relevant to your interests based on what you've viewed on our site. steelhouse's cookies only collect non-personally identifiable information for online marketing purposes. this information is anonymous and cannot be traced back to any individual. if you have opted out of receiving communications from monoprice.com, you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.monoprice.com. otherwise, you may e-mail us at support@monoprice.com or call us toll free at (877)271-2592 to ask our customer service department about changes and updates. last update the privacy policy contained herein became officially effective january 14, 2010. my account my account order status track my order rma request customer service new account registration technical support product catalog help & info create quote retrieve quote legal information po terms and conditions privacy policy return policy corporate company information newsroom customer testimonials contact us get connected follow us on twitter like us on facebook watch us on youtube add us on google+ pin us on pinterest read our blogs payment methods monoprice copyright © 2001-2012 monoprice, inc. all rights reserved. all trademarks are the sole property of their respective companies. all prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. monoprice is not responsible for typographical errors. all typographical errors are subject to correction.w1