来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171231235135/https://www.monoprice.com/help?pn=termsofuse
================================================================================

term of use terms of use never miss a deal. be the first to know about our latest deals, product launches, and exclusive promotions. sign up for email deals email address monoprice account business account login register for a business account international shipping most in-stock items prepaid online and ordered by 2pm pacific time ship the same business day! local pick-up available at ca, 91730. orders placed before 10am pt will be available for pick-up the same business day after 3pm pt for qualifying in-stock items. apply for business account contact us monoprice.com products tv wall mounts full motion mounts tilt mounts fixed mounts accessories view all android & mobile accessories for samsung phone cases for samsung screen protectors for samsung phones tablet cases for samsung stands and charging docks for samsung cables and adaptors external battery packs earphones/headphones portable speakers touch screen stylus chargers accessories for htc phone cases for htc screen protectors for htc phones stands and charging docks for htc cables and adaptors external battery packs earphones/headphones portable speakers touch screen stylus chargers accessories for motorola phone cases for motorola screen protectors for motorola phones stands and charging docks for motorola cables and adaptors external battery packs earphones/headphones portable speakers touch screen stylus chargers accessories for lg phone cases for lg screen protectors for lg phones stands and charging docks for lg cables and adaptors external battery packs earphones/headphones portable speakers touch screen stylus chargers accessories for sony phone cases for sony screen protectors for sony phones stands and charging docks for sony cables and adaptors external battery packs earphones/headphones portable speakers touch screen stylus chargers other android device accessories tablet cases for nexus screen protectors for nexus tablets screen protectors for kindle tablets tablet cases for kindle stands and mounts cables and adaptors external battery packs earphones/headphones portable speakers touch screen stylus chargers apple accessories for iphone® cases for iphone screen protectors for iphone chargers for iphone cables for iphone touch screen stylus portable speakers earphones/ headphones stands & speaker docks for iphone external battery pack and charger accessories for ipad® bags and cases for ipad screen protectors for ipad chargers for ipad cables for ipad touch screen stylus portable speakers earphones/ headphones stands & speaker docks for ipad external battery pack and charger ipad skins and covers accessories for ipod® ipod cases and skins screen protectors for ipod chargers for ipod cables for ipod touch screen stylus portable speakers earphones/ headphones stands & speaker docks for ipod external battery pack and charger accessories for mac digital tablets mice & presenters keyboards & number pads thunderbolt/ usb hubs & accessories external cooling headset & mics speakers laptop bags & cases desktop monitor mounts desktop monitors audio earphones and headphones earphones headphones active noise cancelling portable speakers portable speakers bluetooth speakers audio accessories aptx home theater music receivers w/ nfc support bluetooth music receiver bluetooth accessories home theater speakers satellite speakers home theater speaker systems subwoofers bookshelf speakers indoor/outdoor waterproof speakers active speakers waterproof rock speakers speaker mounts speaker stands home theater receivers yamaha home theater receivers yamaha home theater stereo receivers adapters banana plugs passive audio adapters banana keystone jacks rca keystone jacks trs keystone jacks car & marine audio car speakers fm transmitters marine speakers car chargers isolators license plate frames speaker wire audio cables digital audio 24k gold-plated cables digital audio cables premium optical toslink cables optical toslink audio cables rca cables premium rca cables 3.5mm cables designed for mobile 3.5mm cables coiled 3.5mm cables premium 3.5mm cables retractable 3.5mm cables cables audio cables digital coax optical toslink rca & 3.5mm pro-audio series speaker wires networking cables cat 5e ethernet cables cat 6 ethernet cables cat 5e bulk cable cat 6 bulk cables cat 7 network cable fiber optic patch cables cisco cables bulk phone cable data cables usb cables firewire cables parallel print cables scsi cables ps/2 mouse and keyboard cables sas cables sata cables kvm video cables active hdmi hdmi hdmi with ethernet micro hdmi mini-hdmi hdmi to dvi dvi display port & mini display port vga component composite s-video rg-58 coaxial m1 (p&d) rca/bnc/13w3 cctv siamese 30 pin to a/v and usb power cables & harnesses pc power cables angled pc power cables extension cables pc / monitor extension cables power adapters laptop power cables international power cables internal pc power camera & video action camera and accessories action camera action camera mounts tamron camera lenses all-in-one lenses high speed zoom lenses telephoto & wide angle lenses macro lenses camera bags and cases camera bags camera case backpacks hard cases support equipment tripods monopods camera & video heads lens accessories lens filters lens caps lens hoods lens protection photography lighting led light panel media media card reader photography studio equipment photography reflector camera accessories wireless camera remote screen protectors camera batteries batteries for nikon batteries for canon presentation photo paper optical digital microscopes magnifiers computer accessories laptop accessories digital tablets mice & presenters keyboards & numberpads usb hubs, card readers & accessories external cooling headsets & mics speakers laptop bags & cases desktop accessories digital tablets mice & presenters expansion cards / enclosures keyboards & number pads thunderbolt / firewire / esata usb hubs, card readers & accessories computer cases & cooling headsets & mics speakers desktop monitors desktop monitor mounts thunderbolt storage & hubs internal hdd hot-swap cage raid & network attached storage accessories for mac digital tablets mice & presenters keyboards & number pads thunderbolt/ usb hubs & accessories external cooling headset & mics speakers laptop bags & cases desktop monitor mounts desktop monitors cables & adapters display adapters / converters usb cables firewire cables & adapters thunderbolt display port cables hdmi cables sata cables audio cables kvm cables adapters networking cables routers switches & hubs powerline converters tools testers racks & enclosures patch panels / surface mounts keystones/wallplates network adapters gaming pc gaming accessories origin gaming pcs pro ips led monitors gaming mice gaming keyboards headsets & speakers gaming mousepads wii u accessories gamepads & accessories batteries & chargers storage & mounts cables & adapters sensor bars skins & cases wii fit accessories playstation 3 accessories gamepads & accessories cables & adapters headsets & mics storage & mounts batteries & chargers xbox 360 accessories gamepads & accessories cables & adapters headsets & mics storage & mounts batteries & chargers xbox one consoles and accessories consoles xbox one games gamepads & accessories headsets & mics batteries & chargers playstation 4 accessories playstation 4 games batteries & chargers storage & mounts personal gaming enviroments controllers & addons console headsets & mics handheld accessories cables & adapters storage & cases batteries & chargers gamepads & accessories home & office power surge protectors power cables & cords alkaline batteries rechargeable batteries international wall chargers lithium batteries external battery packs and chargers gadgets bluetooth speakers portable speakers pico projectors bluetooth music receiver fm transmitters external battery packs and chargers office paper laptop coolers desktop monitor mounts office electronics tools networking tools network & cable testers hand tools lighting led light bulbs flashlights led light boxes neon lights home home automation tv and component stands home theater hdbaset hdbaset extender kits hdbaset matrix switches hdbaset splitter kits hdbaset extenders hdbaset receivers hdbaset daisy chain extenders home theater speaker systems home theater speaker systems in-wall speakers indoor outdoor speakers switches, converters, and splitters audio video splitter analog video splitter y adapters audio video switches and converters analog & digital format converters video adapters vga/dvi/hdmi adapters home theater essentials speaker accessories audio video wall plates speaker mounts banana plugs hd antennas tools & calibration kits tv and component stands 3d glasses cleaning kits cables management speaker wire power management power centers surge protectors and power strips ups battery back ups home theater receivers yamaha home theater receivers yamaha home theater stereo receivers cables wall mount brackets projection screens manual projection screens electric projection screens - widescreen (16:9) electric projection screens - standard (4:3) tab-tensioned motorized projector screens - widescreen (16:9) tab-tensioned motorized projector screens - standard (4:3) fixed frame projection screens - widescreen (16:9) fixed frame projection screens - standard (4:3) multi-format frame projection screens ceiling recessed projection screens portable projection screens ink / toner / 3d printer brother canon copystar dell epson hp black/white hp color ibm konica minolta kyocera (mita) lanier lexmark nec okidata panasonic ricoh samsung sharp toshiba xerox ink & toner finder find by printer model 3d printing 3d printer 3d printer accessories abs filament pla filament paper photo paper copy paper networking cables cat 5e ethernet cables cat 6 ethernet cables cat 5e bulk cable cat 6 bulk cable cat 7 network cable fiber optic patch cables cisco cables cable management network racks and brackets relay racks rackmount cabinets wall mount server cabinets wall mount brackets and shelves enclosed cabinets panels rack display mounts open frame racks brackets cable management cable ties hook & loop ties cable raceways cable tie mounts and clips wire ties package kits patch panels cat5e patch panels cat5e 45 degree patch panels cat 6 patch panels cat 6a patch panels hdmi patch panels networking switches & routers wireless routers & access points network switches poe devices snmp switches keystones / surface mounts / couplers keystones wall plates /surface mount boxes keystone jacks inline couplers audio video keystone jacks network adapters usb network adapters - wireless (150 mbps) wireless network cards - pci ethernet over power adapter usb network adapters - wireless (300 mbps) keystone jacks rca keystone jacks f type keystone jacks usb keystone jacks bnc keystone jacks hdbaset hdbaset extender kits hdbaset matrix switches hdbaset receivers hdbaset splitter kits hdbaset daisy chain extenders inline couplers cat5 inline couplers cat6 inline couplers rj12 phone inline couplers bulk cable connectors network/modular connectors compression f connectors w/aluminumn body security cables cctv siamese cable cctv siamese bulk cable cameras closed circuit television kits plug & play network cameras indoor dome cameras ir bullet cameras vandal dome cameras utp cameras covert cameras dummy cameras digital video recorder (dvr) 4 channel dvrs 8 channel dvrs 16 channel dvrs monitors professional bnc monitors portable test monitors pro audio series guitars solid body electric guitars bass guitars acoustic guitars b-stock guitars guitar amplifiers guitar pedals guitar accessories cables 1/4 inch cables xlr cables (audio & dmx) speakon cables snake cables combo adapter cables midi cables trrs audio cables for tablets & smartphones stands ipad® mounts & stands guitar stands keyboard stands microphone stands sheet music stands pa speaker mounts & stands stand accessories microphones condenser microphones dynamic microphones wireless microphones dslr camera/camcorder microphones usb microphones studio accessories wall plates acoustic treatment & foam racks & rack accessories studio sound and monitors studio reference monitors portable mobile reference monitors monitor control management headphone reference monitors signal processing mixers & audio interfaces tabletop mixers powered mixers keyboards, synth & midi keyboards & midi controllers live sound & stage systems lighting stands & trusses live stage accessories pa systems stage lights, lasers, & fog band & orchestral instruments band & orchestral accessories woodwind instruments bags & cases guitar bags & cases drums & percussion drum sticks drum & percussion hardware drum & percurssion accessories dj & karaoke systems dj components dj accessories security digital video recorder (dvr) 4 channel dvrs 8 channel dvrs 16 channel dvrs closed circuit television kits connectors single channel passive video baluns bnc adapters bnc to coax bnc to rca camera housing and mounts housings housing brackets camera mounts and adapters cables cctv siamese cable cctv siamese bulk cable security monitors portable test monitors professional bnc monitors lcd touch screen monitors screen keeper power adapters and distribution dc power supply dc power pigtails power distribution box cameras plug & play network cameras dome cameras bullet cameras vandal dome cameras covert cameras dummy cameras camera lenses fixed iris lenses varifocal lenses closed circuit television kits (cctv) closed circuit television kits no logo products new products clearance products egift card search 0 items your cart: items subtotal: *tax and shipping will be calculated at checkout 30 day money back guarantee easy return 100% safe ssl encrypted shopping pci-dss level 1 compliant lifetime warranty on all cables, one year warranty on all other items home > terms of use terms and conditions last updated: date: september 14, 2017. welcome to monoprice.com. monoprice, inc. ("monoprice" or we/us), provides this website and related sites (the "site"), services, products, and systems as a service to you, our customer, when you shop with us, buy our products, or use our services or any mobile application we provide (the "services"). your use of the services is subject to the following conditions ("terms and conditions"). by using the site and services, you agree to these conditions and hereby acknowledge that you have read them carefully. we update our terms and conditions from time to time, so please review them before using the site or services. by continuing to use the site and services and purchasing products from us, you agree to these periodic updates. payments. monoprice applies your payment method when you place your order. monoprice accepts the following payment methods: visa mastercard discover american express paypal cashier check or money order (longer order processing to verify funds) we do not accept international credit cards at this time. no changes or cancellations. we cannot change or cancel your order once you place it. our return policy is explained below in section 3. returns and refunds. monoprice accepts returns for any reason if you request it within 30 days of delivery. we do not refund shipping on returns for your convenience, nor do we provide return shipping . we take title to returned items only upon receipt at our fulfillment center. items lost in transit are your responsibility. returns require authorization. to request return authorization: 1) log into your account; 2) select "request refund/replacement" in the left-hand column; 3) select "refund" or "replace" as appropriate from the applicable order; and 4) provide the requested information throughout the rma process . defects. monoprice provides robust warranties for our products. if your item fails during its warranty period, we will, at your request, either 1) replace it at no cost to you, or 2) refund the purchase price and shipping . if we request that you return the defective item to us, we will provide a prepaid return shipping label, and the refund or replacement will only be processed upon receipt of the returned item. if we do not request the return, we will process your refund within five business days. please note that we will only provide a replacement of the same product and cannot offer an exchange for a different product unless the original item is out of stock or discontinued. see section 6 below for more information about our warranties. delivery and shipping. risk of loss and title to your purchases pass to you upon delivery to our shipper. all regular orders are processed the following business day. only expedited orders that are submitted by 10:00 am pt will ship the same day. shipper estimated shipping time (may vary from estimates) expedited orders: ups worldwide expedited 3-5 business days plus 1 day processing time. additional delays may occur if holds are imposed by customs. ups worldwide express saver 1-3 business days plus 1 day processing time. additional delays may occur if holds are imposed by customs.> ups 3 day select 3 business days plus 1 day processing time. (monday-friday) ups 2nd day air 2 business days plus 1 day processing time. (monday-friday) ups next day air 1 business day plus 1 day processing time. monday-friday only. monoprice next day (monday‐saturday)* 1 business day plus 1 day processing time. *additional premium applies to saturday delivery. monoprice next day service is only available for certain zip codes in ca, az, and nv. contact support@monoprice.com for details. regular orders: small package delivered by usps 3-4 business days plus 1 day processing time usps priority 2-3 business days plus 1 day processing time small package delivered by canada post 7-14 business days plus 1 day processing time. deliveries to canada may take longer due to holds imposed by customs. usps priority international 6-10 business days plus 1 day processing time. additional delays may occur if holds are imposed by customs. ups ground 3-5 business days depending on location plus 1 day processing time. for example, it takes 1-2 business days for ca and 4-5 business days for ny (monday-friday). apo/fpo 2-4 weeks plus 1 day processing time. sales/use tax information: residents of colorado, louisiana, vermont and rhode island: please see important sales tax information: your state of residence requires that we inform you that although monoprice is not obligated to and does not collect your state’s sales tax, this purchase is subject to your state’s sales tax unless specifically exempt from taxation. a purchase is not exempt from sales tax merely because it is made over the internet. your state requires that its taxpayers file a sales/use tax return at the end of the year reporting all non-exempt purchases that were not taxed and pay tax on those purchases. further information, including details of how to file a sales/use tax return, may be found here: colorado residents: https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/tax louisiana residents: http://www.rev.state.la.us/ vermont residents: http://tax.vermont.gov/ rhode island residents:http://www.tax.ri.gov/ colorado residents: colorado law states that retailers, that do not collect colorado sales tax are required to provide you and the colorado department of revenue with an end-of-year report of the total amount you purchased from monoprice during the year. rhode island residents: sales or use tax is due on taxable purchases made from monoprice. customers in rhode island are required to file a signed use tax return, form t-205, on or before the 20th day of each month following the month in which purchases are made. below is the full details of the rhode island sales & use tax notice and link to the form t-205: please be advised that pursuant to rhode island general laws §§ 44-18-18 and 44-18-20, sales or use tax is due on taxable purchases made from monoprice. if tax was not paid at the time of purchase, the state of rhode island requires all customers who use, store, or otherwise consume taxable goods and services in rhode island to file a signed use tax return, form t-205. this form is available on the rhode island division of taxation’s website (http://www.tax.ri.gov/). form t-205 is due on or before the 20th day of each month following the month in which purchases are made, and must be accompanied by a remittance for the amount due. checks and money orders should be made payable to the tax administrator. please contact the rhode island division of taxation at (401) 574-8955 or tax.excise@tax.ri.gov with any questions. international orders. you are solely responsible for import duties, taxes, and brokerage fees ("duties"). duties are not included in the product price or shipping and handling costs, and these will be collected upon delivery from the carriers as applicable. monoprice only charges the shipping fee for packages. you should check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be. additionally, you may click here to review additional information for shipments shipping to canada which can apply to other countries as well. limited warranties and limitation of liability. monoprice warranties sometimes vary by product, and all product-specific warranties are found on product id pages and within monoprice's website. subject to this limitation, in general, monoprice warrants (a) cables for life, and (b) that all other products will be free from defects in workmanship and material for one year following delivery date, with certain exceptions. you must review product id pages carefully for warranty information. after 30 days of delivery and during the warranty period, monoprice will, without cost to you, at monoprice’s option, either (i) repair defective products; (ii) furnish replacement products; or (iii) grant you credit equal to the defective products' net purchase price. defective conditions in the products caused by third parties, acts of god, defective installation, other trades, abnormal use or stress, or other matters unrelated to monoprice’s activities are specifically excluded from the coverage of this warranty. you also hereby agree to be bound by monoprice's return and replacement policies. the site and services and all products are made available to you on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. the foregoing warranties are exclusive and are given and accepted in lieu of any and all other warranties express or implied. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, monoprice disclaims all warranties express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, noninfringement, and fitness for a particular purpose, and all other remedies. the remedies described in this section 6 are your only remedies for any breach of warranty or any other claim. monoprice’s total liability arising out of the site, services, products, or the use of the products, whether on warranties or claim of negligence, or otherwise, shall not in any case exceed the cost paid for the defective product or 50 dollars, whichever is less, and monoprice shall not be liable to you or any third party for any incidental, consequential, or special damages. reviews, comments, and other user-generated content. monoprice welcomes your feedback, and we hope you will participate in the monoprice community. we verify customer reviews and will publish them after making sure they comply with our review guidelines. any review you submit will be displayed on the product's review page after it has been verified. it should take about 2-3 business days for this process. you may be contacted by monoprice regarding your submission. guidelines. we will remove reviews that: contain profanity or other objectionable content. should you find any profanity or objectionable content, please contact us at tech@monoprice.com. fail to focus on the product. complaints about shipping or customer service issues will be forwarded to customer service to be addressed. reviews that discuss other products, catalog copy, pricing, or other ancillary issues will be removed. contain advertisements or promotional materials or contain links to external content. monoprice will also remove reviews submitted by or on behalf of a company with an interest in a competing product. any other content we deem to be inappropriate. license. by posting reviews, you grant monoprice a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicenseable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such content throughout the world in any media. you also grant us the right to use the name you use when you submit content to us, in connection with that content. all or part of any product review including the review title, "your nickname", rating, pros/cons, images and all other parts of the review itself may be used by monoprice in future marketing campaigns or promotions in any media. submission of a product review signifies consent that the information you submit may be used at monoprice's discretion without any further notice or expectation of compensation. you are further representing that any submission is wholly an original creation by you and/or that any portion taken from third party sources have fully cleared for use. monoprice takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party on its site. dmca; notice and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement. we respect the intellectual property of others. if you believe that any material on the site infringes on any copyright which you own or control, you may file a notification of that infringement with our designated agent to have the material removed or otherwise blocked from access. to be effective, please provide monoprice’s copyright agent with notification in writing and include the following information: a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit monoprice to locate the material; your address, telephone number, and if available, your e-mail address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. send the written communication to our designated agent: nathan garnett blucora, inc. 10900 ne 8th street, suite 800, bellevue, wa 98004. t. (425) 201-6100 f. (425) 201-6167 dmca@blucora.com privacy. your use of monoprice.com is governed by our privacy policy. please review the policy for more information on how we collect and use information. security. you may have an account and password. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account information and are fully responsible for all conduct carried out under this password and account. we are not liable for any loss of confidentiality or for any damages arising from your failure to comply with these terms and conditions. you will promptly report any unauthorized use of your password to us. children under 13. the site and services are intended for use by individuals who are 13 years of age or older. if you are under 13, you may use monoprice.com only with the assistance of your parent or guardian. intellectual property rights. all content included on or made available through the site and services, including information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, text, graphics, music, sounds and other material is protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights, and these rights are protected under u.s. and international laws. you agree to comply with applicable law in your use of the site or services. errors. monoprice makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information published on our site. however, the documents and graphics published on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. we do not warrant that the content on our site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. monoprice may refuse or cancel orders placed with incorrect pricing. we do not guarantee prices for monoprice products listed on other websites or price search engines. if a product offered on the site is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition for a refund. contact us monoprice, inc. 11701 6th street rancho cucamonga, ca 91730 usa call us: 877.271.2592 fax: 909.989.0078 customer service support@monoprice.com tech@monoprice.com legal legalnotices@blucora.com governing law. these terms and conditions and any dispute of any sort that may arise between you and monoprice are governed by the laws of the state of california (excluding any principles of conflicts of laws). severability. any provision of these terms and conditions which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be severable from these terms and conditions in that jurisdiction without in any way invalidating the remaining provisions of these terms and conditions. the unenforceability of any provision in a given jurisdiction will not make that provision unenforceable in any other jurisdiction. my account my account check order status track my order rma request guest payment customer service new account registration product catalog drivers & downloads contact us business customers create quote retrieve quote po terms and conditions no logo custom logo program international get connected follow us on twitter like us on facebook watch us on youtube instagram add us on google+ pin us on pinterest legal information privacy policy return policy supplier code of conduct warranty exceptions corporate company information newsroom customer testimonials monoprice copyright © 2001-2017 monoprice, inc. all rights reserved. 2.0all trademarks are the sole property of their respective companies. all prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. monoprice is not responsible for typographical errors. all typographical errors are subject to correction. w3 sign up for email deals subtotal tax and shipping will be calculated at checkout checkout my cart close