来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111222161547/http://www.actionvillage.com/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

actionvillage.com terms and conditions javascript seem to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. magento commerce (805)522-8700 tracking my account gift cards my wishlist log in or register. checkout my cart (0) close recently added item(s) you have no items in your shopping cart. paintball airsoft snow skate bmx apparel search site:advanced search go home > actionvillage.com terms and conditions terms and conditions please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website.all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law.copyrightthe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics, site design, logos, icons, images or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of actionvillage.com. the collective work includes works that are licensed to actionvillage.com. copyright 2010, actionvillage.com all rights reserved. you may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display, modification, republishing, uploading, or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by actionvillage.com. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.trademarksall trademarks, service marks and trade names of actionvillage.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of actionvillage.com. the use of any trademark or service mark without the express written consent of actionvillage.com is strictly prohibited. disclaimer and limitation of liability as to shipping errorsactionvillage.com will make mistakes. although we work very hard to prevent errors when filling orders, the fact that we employ human beings to pick, pack and ship orders makes errors unavoidable. if we do ship the wrong product to you or leave out a certain product from a package, our procedure and policy for resolving the problem is the following: actionvillage.com will verify that an item was left out of a package by repacking the original order and comparing what the weight should have been to the actual weight shipped. if we clearly see that an item has been left out of the package, we will ship the item to you at no charge using the most efficient shipping method available. we would gladly upgrade your service to ensure that you receive the item by a specific date if you are willing to pay the difference in shipping costs between the most efficient shipping method and your new requested shipping method.warranty disclaimerthis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is". many of the products on the site come with a manufacturer warranty. warranties are not handled through actionvillage.com. if you are concerned with the warranty of a particular item, contact the manufacturer prior to purchasing the product. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, actionvillage.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. actionvillage.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. actionvillage.com does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.limitation of liabilityactionvillage.com expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to the sites or their use, including but not limited to merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. actionvillage.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if actionvillage.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. you agree that this limitation of liability is comprehensive and applies to all damages of any kind, including without limitation direct, indirect, compensatory, special, incidental, punitive and consequential damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.typographical errorsin the event a product is listed with an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, actionvillage.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, actionvillage.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.shipping actionvillage.com uses the two (2) most reliable sources for shipping, fedex and usps and live shipping rates can be found upon checkout when products are added to the shopping cart. most orders are shipped out within 24 - 48 hours upon placing an order. under special circumstances, this time line may be increased due to special orders or inventory inconsistencies. shipping insurance is offered for all fedex shipments and must be purchased at the time of checkout. the insurance is calculated in direct correlation of dollar amount of said order. any damage or loss to packages that occur in route to customer destinations must be dealt with directly through the carrier. the carrier is the company which assumed responsibility upon pick up of a package from actionvillage.com facilities. actionvillage.com will help in assistance of resolution but is in no means held responsible. you must purchase shipping insurance for our customer support to file a claim with the shipping company. all transit times are based off carriers estimated delivery schedules. in cases such as extreme weather, holidays, and other unforeseen reasons, normal transit times may be affected. in the unfortunate case of these circumstances, the carrier nor actionvillage.com can be held responsible and thus cannot offer any type of compensation. fedex shipping service does offer tracking information on all services. the information may be delayed up to 24 hours due to the fedex updating process. all packages shipped via usps do not have a tracking number. they only have a delivery confirmation number which is updated upon delivery. international orders please note that certain countries require us to physically drop off packages at the postal facility. due to this process, it can delay an order between 5-7 days. if the tracking number provided is not updated within 2-3 days after the order is placed then this may be the case and please allow us the full 5-7 days before requesting any further information. pre-orders regarding all pre-ordered items, any order placed for such items will be processed immediately for verification of funds. once the funds have been collected, the order will be processed and moved to a partially back ordered status. *note* if the order contains more than just the pre-ordered item(s) then, as a courtesy, actionvillage.com will ship out all of the in stock items right away. this does not apply to international customers. there is additional information related to pre-orders on the item description page. we update that information according to the manufacturer’s latest expectancy date; in most cases they are unable to have a firm release date. based on this information we cannot be held responsible for "misleading" time frames since those change on a weekly basis. any orders placed with a pre-ordered item will be held and shipped complete. if for any reason you wish to cancel a pre-ordered item or an entire order with said item included, then there will be a 5% restock fee assessed on the pre-ordered item only. we are in constant contact with all of our vendors and do our best to supply all of our customers in a fair and timely manner. split ordersas a courtesy to all of our customers, actionvillage.com offers split orders at no charge. if an order is placed that has an item(s) that is out of stock or on pre-order, then we will ship what’s available and split the balance. the remaining item(s) will ship as soon as they are released and/or reach our facility. actionvillage.com will pick up the cost for shipping the split order and the shipping method will be to our discretion. returns thank you for shopping at actionvillage.com. in the unfortunate event you need to return a product, please read our entire procedure so we can expedite your return. all returns must meet the following requirements. any item taken in for return must be brand new, factory sealed and unused. there are no returns on any paintballs or special order items. returns must be received within 30 days of placing your order. if your item is eligible for return, please call actionvillage.com at (805) 522-8700 (m-f 8am-5pm pst) for an rma number. if a return is shipped back to actionvillage.com with no rma number, the package is guaranteed to be refused. when calling for your rma number you will have the option of exchanging your existing item, receiving a refund back to your credit card or paypal account with a 15% restocking fee, or a full refund issued as an online store credit. unfortunately all shipping charges are non refundable. if an order has received free shipping, the shipping costs will be deducted before the store credit or refund is issued. if you have received a wrong item with your order, please notify us immediately so we can get your item corrected. we will issue an rma number and ask that you ship the wrong item back using standard ground service only. please make sure to include the shipping receipt in your package. once the return is received and processed, a credit will be issued to your account for the shipping reimbursement. with the rma number clearly written on the outside of the package, please send your return to: actionvillage.com791 chambers lane unit 100 & 110simi valley, ca 93065 note: returns take between 3-5 business days for completion. actionvillage.com has great working relationships and expedited procedures with all of our vendors in the rare instance that an item from your order has a problem. to resolve your problem in the timeliest fashion, we ask you contact the manufacturer direct for assistance. we have provided a list of technical support numbers for the majority of paintball gun and gear manufacturers. angel sports - 1-617-830-1891 ans xtreme - 1-805-522-8700 azodin paintball - 1-626-350-7000 bob long direct - 1-209-293-4440 bt paintball - 1-800-724-6822 custom products - 1-480-539-4820 dangerous power - 1-626-369-7800 dye precision - 1-858-536-5183 empire paintball - 1-800-724-6822 gen x global - 1-866-359-9248 gog paintball - 1-724-520-8690 guerrilla air - 1-847-640-8857 halo loaders - 1-800-724-6822 hater paintball - 1-317-354-5201 invert paintball - 1-800-724-6822 jt sports - 1-800-724-6822 kingman/spyder paintball - 1-888-546-4626 lapco paintball - 1-800-640-7929 luxe paintball - 1-866-573-5893 nxe paintball - 1-800-533-4831 ninja paintball - 1-877-646-5287 planet eclipse - 1-401-247-9061 proto paintball - 1-858-536-5183 redz paintball - 1-877-873-3432 seventh element - 1-716-568-7937 sly equipment - 1-949-200-7348 techt paintball - 1-901-405-1848 tiberius arms - 1-888-982-2842 tippmann paintball - 1-800-533-4831 valken paintball - 1-866-978-2553 v-force paintball - 1-877-722-5590 virtue paintball - 1-631-617-5346 warrior paintball - 1-805-522-8700 special orderactionvillage.com sells many custom items which we label as special order items. these items are built to order and are built specifically for that customer to accommodate their request. all sales for special order items are final. actionvillage.com does not stock these items on hand and instead orders these items to be custom built the moment that an order is placed for that item. because of this process, orders can take anywhere from 2-4 weeks until they are shipped out. there are no returns, cancellations, or refunds on any special order item. if a domestic order has a special order item along with regular items then the order will be split. all of the standard items will ship out right away and the special order item will be shipped separately once it arrives. for international customers, the entire order will be held until the special order item has arrived. if a special order item is defective then please contact the manufacturer directly for assistance. all special order items are covered by a manufacturer warranty. free productson some products offered for sale at actionvillage.com, we may choose to include free promotional items. if a promotional item runs out of stock, it may be substituted with something equivalent to the listed item. since it is a free promotional item, we are unable to ensure the item listed is exactly what you will receive. order acceptance policyyour receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. actionvillage.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. actionvillage.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. we may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.sales taxactionvillage.com shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within california. each customer shall be solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes, on orders shipped to any other state. international orders for international orders, each customer shall be solely responsible for all customs fees, brokerage fees, or any other applicable fees assessed on orders shipped to other countries. all customers are held responsible for knowing which products are legal in your city, state, province, or country. actionvillage.com is not liable for any product shipped out of the country that is in violation of any law, rule or regulation. please check with your local, state or national government to get all information regarding the products you are planning to purchase. *note* airsoft guns cannot be shipped to canada. service and supportall requests for technical service and support shall be made directly to the manufacturer in accordance with their terms and conditions.terms & conditionsthese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by actionvillage.com without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.noticeactionvillage.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to actionvillage.com.miscellaneous/jurisdiction and venueyour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of california, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of actionvillage.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in los angeles county, california. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of actionvillage.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. actionvillage.com’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. actionvillage.com may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.parental liabilityparents may be held responsible for the online activities of your children, california civil code section 1714.1.parents and guardians are fully liable for their minor's purchases made online:any online purchase on actionvillage.com made by a minor under the age of 18 shall be imputed to the parent or guardian having custody and control of the minor and parent or guardian will be held severally liable for any said purchase up to the maximum retail value of the purchase plus any additional costs for shipping, in addition to possible criminal prosecution as deemed necessary by actionvillage.com and its affiliates.the joint and several liability of the parent or guardian having custody and control of a minor under this subdivision shall be responsible for all expenses incurred including that of return shipment and any and all restocking fees should any be incurred at the maximum rate of 15% for any used items with regard to some items being forfeited and non-refundable/exchangeable/returnable such as markers and paintballs. please see terms of use for list of non-refundable/exchangeable/returnable items. the maximum liability imposed by this section is the maximum liability authorized under this section at the time that the act of willful misconduct by a minor was committed.use of siteharassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a actionvillage.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.participation disclaimeractionvillage.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, actionvillage.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, actionvillage.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to actionvillage.com in its sole discretion.indemnificationyou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless actionvillage.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account.third-party linksin an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, actionvillage.com may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with actionvillage.com, actionvillage.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of actionvillage.com. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, actionvillage.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). your account order tracking about us contact us terms & conditions private policy shipping policies quick links about us contact us terms & conditions private policy shipping policies customer support your account order tracking about us contact us terms & conditions privacy policy shipping policies paintball paintball guns paintball pistols paintball barrels paintball goggles paintball air tanks paintball pants paintball jerseys paintballs paintball hoppers airsoft airsoft airsoft guns airsoft gas pistols spring airsoft guns aeg electric airsoft airsoft bb ammo airsoft batteries battery chargers airsoft upgrades featured products smart parts barrel sleeve luxe power core dye dm12 luxe 2.0 empire redline empire sniper pump planet eclipse etha virtue clock empire prophecy z2 other links skateboard bearings proto reflex rail dangerous power e1 ego 11 fasta loader dye c11 jerseys dye c11 pants search terms: .683 2 hip 2k5 intimidator 006-70 buna o-ring 7thelementboardg3trig 45/4500 98 98 custom 2011 2011 eclipse 2011 virtue 2011 virtue infamous pro t-shirt - yellow cream a5 acu adio © 2011 actionvillage.com . all rights reserved.