来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241211210104/https://www.actionvillage.com/terms-conditions/
================================================================================

terms & conditions skip to main content we price match! free ground shipping over $100 8058238130 my account menu search search free ground shippingon orders over $100* 0 airsoft expand_more airsoft gas & bb's airsoft guns airsoft helmets airsoft magazines & batteries airsoft masks airsoft upgrades & accessories clothing & protection vests, holsters & cases all airsoft scooters expand_more bar ends bars bearings brakes collar clamps complete scooters forks griptape handlebar grips hardware headsets pegs scooter decks wheels all scooters skate expand_more bearings bushings complete skateboards decks dvd's fidget spinners griptape hardware hoverboards miscellaneous other protective gear risers scooters skateboard other tools trucks wax wheels all skate paintball expand_more 50 caliber paintball bags & backpacks barrels clothing & apparel drop, rail, asa & fittings dvd's general marker accessories gun & gear kits gun upgrades & accessories guns holiday sale hoppers & accessories masks/goggles pads & protection paintball brands paintballs pod packs & pods self defense paintball markers tanks & tank accessories all paintball snow expand_more apparel bindings boots dvd's goggles jackets pants snowboards all snow bmx expand_more bike accessories bike parts bike tires bikes bmx protective gear dvd's all bmx shoes expand_more action village adio shoes c1rca shoes converse shoes dc dekline duffs shoes dvs emerica shoes enjoi es shoes etnies shoes fallen flojo's fms shoes globe habitat i path shoes kustom lakai lotek nike shoes oakley shoes osiris quiksilver reef santa cruz supra shoes vans shoes volcom shoes all shoes apparel expand_more apparel accessories backpacks bathing suits beanies belts boardshorts dresses facewraps gloves hats jackets miscellaneous mma t-shirts pants sandals shoes shorts skate shoes skirts snowboard jackets snowboard pants socks sunglasses sweatshirt t-shirts all apparel outlet expand_more airsoft apparel bmx paintball shoes skate snow search search home terms & conditions terms & conditions please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. in-store pickup all orders placed with the "in-store pickup" shipping method can be picked up at our physical retail store. our retail store address is: actionvillage.com 41 moreland road simi valley, ca 93065 this is our one and only physical location. all customers that select the "in-store pickup" shipping method, that are not located within california, will be contacted by phone or e-mail within 24-48 hours to confirm that the order will be picked up from our retail store. actionvillage will wait 10 days for a response about whether or not the order is being picked up from our facility. if there is no response after 10 days, the order will be switched to the least expensive shipping method and the order will be charged accordingly. once the shipping method has been changed and the funds have been collected, then the order will be shipped. if you select "in-store pickup" because free shipping was not available and you feel that the order should have the free shipping option then please click on this link here and make sure that your order meets all of the required criteria. copyright the entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics, site design, logos, icons, images or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of actionvillage.com. the collective work includes works that are licensed to actionvillage.com. copyright 2010, actionvillage.com all rights reserved. you may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display, modification, republishing, uploading, or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by actionvillage.com. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties. trademarks all trademarks, service marks and trade names of actionvillage.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of actionvillage.com. the use of any trademark or service mark without the express written consent of actionvillage.com is strictly prohibited. disclaimer and limitation of liability as to shipping errors actionvillage.com will make mistakes. although we work very hard to prevent errors when filling orders, the fact that we employ human beings to pick, pack and ship orders makes errors unavoidable. if we do ship the wrong product to you or leave out a certain product from a package, our procedure and policy for resolving the problem is the following: actionvillage.com will verify that an item was left out of a package by repacking the original order and comparing what the weight should have been to the actual weight shipped. if we clearly see that an item has been left out of the package, we will ship the item to you at no charge using the most efficient shipping method available. we would gladly upgrade your service to ensure that you receive the item by a specific date if you are willing to pay the difference in shipping costs between the most efficient shipping method and your new requested shipping method. parental liability parents may be held responsible for the online activities of your children, california civil code section 1714.1. parents and guardians are fully liable for their minor's purchases made online: any online purchase on actionvillage.com made by a minor under the age of 18 shall be imputed to the parent or guardian having custody and control of the minor and parent or guardian will be held severally liable for any said purchase up to the maximum retail value of the purchase plus any additional costs for shipping, in addition to possible criminal prosecution as deemed necessary by actionvillage.com and its affiliates. the joint and several liability of the parent or guardian having custody and control of a minor under this subdivision shall be responsible for all expenses incurred including that of return shipment and any and all restocking fees should any be incurred at the maximum rate of 15% for any used items with regard to some items being forfeited and non-refundable/exchangeable/returnable such as markers and paintballs. please see terms of use for list of non-refundable/exchangeable/returnable items. the maximum liability imposed by this section is the maximum liability authorized under this section at the time that the act of willful misconduct by a minor was committed. warranty disclaimer this site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is". many of the products on the site come with a manufacturer warranty. warranties are not handled through actionvillage.com. if you are concerned with the warranty of a particular item, contact the manufacturer prior to purchasing the product. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, actionvillage.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. actionvillage.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. actionvillage.com does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. international orders for international orders, each customer shall be solely responsible for all customs fees, brokerage fees, or any other applicable fees assessed on orders shipped to other countries. all customers are held responsible for knowing which products are legal in your city, state, province, or country. actionvillage.com is not liable for any product shipped out of the country that is in violation of any law, rule or regulation. please check with your local, state or national government to get all information regarding the products you are planning to purchase. *note* airsoft guns cannot be shipped to canada. limitation of liability actionvillage.com expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to the sites or their use, including but not limited to merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. actionvillage.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if actionvillage.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. you agree that this limitation of liability is comprehensive and applies to all damages of any kind, including without limitation direct, indirect, compensatory, special, incidental, punitive and consequential damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. typographical errors in the event a product is listed with an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, actionvillage.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, actionvillage.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. shipping actionvillage.com uses the two (2) most reliable sources for shipping, fedex and usps and live shipping rates can be found upon checkout when products are added to the shopping cart. most orders are shipped out within 24 - 48 hours upon placing an order. under special circumstances, this time line may be increased due to special orders or inventory inconsistencies. shipping insurance is offered for all fedex shipments and must be purchased at the time of checkout. the insurance is calculated in direct correlation of dollar amount of said order. any damage or loss to packages that occur in route to customer destinations must be dealt with directly through the carrier. the carrier is the company which assumed responsibility upon pick up of a package from actionvillage.com facilities. actionvillage.com will help in assistance of resolution but is in no means held responsible. you must purchase shipping insurance for our customer support to file a claim with the shipping company. all transit times are based off carriers estimated delivery schedules. in cases such as extreme weather, holidays, and other unforeseen reasons, normal transit times may be affected. in the unfortunate case of these circumstances, the carrier nor actionvillage.com can be held responsible and thus cannot offer any type of compensation. fedex shipping service does offer tracking information on all services. the information may be delayed up to 24 hours due to the fedex updating process. all packages shipped via usps do not have a tracking number. they only have a delivery confirmation number which is updated upon delivery. international orders please note that certain countries require us to physically drop off packages at the postal facility. due to this process, it can delay an order between 5-7 days. if the tracking number provided is not updated within 2-3 days after the order is placed then this may be the case and please allow us the full 5-7 days before requesting any further information. pre-orders regarding all pre-ordered items, any order placed for such items will be processed immediately for verification of funds. once the funds have been collected, the order will be processed and moved to a partially back ordered status. *note* if the order contains more than just the pre-ordered item(s) then, as a courtesy, actionvillage.com will ship out all of the in stock items right away. this does not apply to international customers. there is additional information related to pre-orders on the item description page. we update that information according to the manufacturer’s latest expectancy date; in most cases they are unable to have a firm release date. based on this information we cannot be held responsible for "misleading" time frames since those change on a weekly basis. any orders placed with a pre-ordered item will be held and shipped complete. if for any reason you wish to cancel a pre-ordered item or an entire order with said item included, then there will be a 5% restock fee assessed on the pre-ordered item only. we are in constant contact with all of our vendors and do our best to supply all of our customers in a fair and timely manner. split orders as a courtesy to all of our customers, actionvillage.com offers split orders at no charge. if an order is placed that has an item(s) that is out of stock or on pre-order, then we will ship what’s available and split the balance. the remaining item(s) will ship as soon as they are released and/or reach our facility. actionvillage.com will pick up the cost for shipping the split order and the shipping method will be to our discretion. returns thank you for shopping at actionvillage.com. in the unfortunate event you need to return a product, please read our entire procedure so we can expedite your return. all returns must meet the following: any item taken in for return must be brand new, factory sealed and unused. there are no returns on any paintballs, special order items, and requested skateboard assemblies(gripped or assembled). returns must be received within 30 days of placing your order. if your item is eligible for return, please call actionvillage.com at (805) 823-8130 (m-f 8am-5pm pst) for an rma number. if a return is shipped back to actionvillage.com with no rma number, the package is guaranteed to be refused. when calling for your rma number you will have the option of exchanging your existing item, receiving a refund back to your credit card or paypal account with a 15% restocking fee, or a full refund issued as an online store credit. unfortunately all shipping charges are non refundable. if an order has received free shipping, the shipping costs will be deducted before the store credit or refund is issued. if you have received a wrong item with your order, please notify us immediately so we can get your item corrected. we will issue an rma number and ask that you ship the wrong item back using standard ground service only. please make sure to include the shipping receipt in your package. once the return is received and processed, a credit will be issued to your account for the shipping reimbursement.airsoft gun return/exchange policy we inspect all merchandise before completing the sale to ensure our products are leaving the showroom in 100% working order. any airsoft gun that has been fired after the purchase is ineligible for return. your signature is an acknowledgment of this and the return policy outlined below. all airsoft guns being returned or exchanged must be in resellable condition. therefore, an airsoft gun being returned must be in brand new and unused condition. meaning it has no signs of use or attempted use, modifications, or signs of attempted change (i.e., removal or modification of orange tip flash hider, installation of internal and external parts). airsoft guns must be returned with all included accessories, merchandise tags, factory stickers, logos still attached, and factory packaging fully intact. any merchandise that is reported and/or determined to not be in this condition will not be granted return within our 30-day return policy. airsoft guns that do not perform up your level of expectation are not a defect and are will not be covered by the manufacturer's warranty. we don't guarantee groupings, accuracy, or fps. airsoft guns that do not fall within the above criterium are fully warrantied directly through the manufacturer, and the customer will be responsible for handling the product directly with the respected brand. with the rma number clearly written on the outside of the package, please send your return to: actionvillage.com 41 moreland road simi valley, ca 93065 note: returns take between 3-5 business days for completion. actionvillage.com has great working relationships and expedited procedures with all of our vendors in the rare instance that an item from your order has a problem. to resolve your problem in the timeliest fashion, we ask you contact the manufacturer direct for assistance. we have provided a list of technical support numbers for the majority of paintball gun and gear manufacturers. • angel sports - 1-617-830-1891 • ans xtreme - 1-805-522-8700 • azodin paintball - 1-626-350-7000 • bob long direct - 1-209-293-4440 • bt paintball - 1-800-724-6822 • custom products - 1-480-539-4820 • dangerous power - 1-626-369-7800 • dye precision - 1-858-536-5183 • empire paintball - 1-800-724-6822 • gen x global - 1-866-359-9248 • gog paintball - 1-724-520-8690 • guerrilla air - 1-847-640-8857 • halo loaders - 1-800-724-6822 • hater paintball - 1-317-354-5201 • invert paintball - 1-800-724-6822 • jt sports - 1-800-724-6822 • kingman/spyder paintball - 1-888-546-4626 • lapco paintball - 1-800-640-7929 • luxe paintball - 1-866-573-5893 • nxe paintball - 1-800-533-4831 • ninja paintball - 1-877-646-5287 • planet eclipse - 1-401-247-9061 • proto paintball - 1-858-536-5183 • redz paintball - 1-877-873-3432 • seventh element - 1-716-568-7937 • sly equipment - 1-949-200-7348 • techt paintball - 1-901-405-1848 • tiberius arms - 1-888-982-2842 • tippmann paintball - 1-800-533-4831 • valken paintball - 1-866-978-2553 • v-force paintball - 1-877-722-5590 • virtue paintball - 1-631-617-5346 • warrior paintball - 1-805-522-8700 black box distribution: website: www.blackboxdist.com email: info@blackboxdist.com zero mystery slave fallen insight threat insight destroyer mouge deluxe distribution: website: www.dlxsf.com email: info@dlxsf.com thunder anti-hero krooked real spitfire venture nhs: website: www.nhs-inc.com email: contact@nhs-inc.com phone number: 831.459.7800 independent creature santa cruz flip ricta oj goldcup krux mob bullet bern nor cal road rider dwindle distribution: website: www.dwindle.com globe cliché enjoi blind speed demons almost darkstar superior tensor duster dna distribution: phone number: 866.631.1584 habitat – 937.276.4288 alien workshop – 937.276.4288 reflex skateone: website: www.skateone.com email: info@skateone.com phone number 800.288.7528 powell peralta bones mini logo hoopla these wheels positiv south shore: website: www.skatenet.com email: customerservice@skatenet.com phone number: 713.926.3295 zoo york dgk hardtimes sk8mafia industrial distructo x-caliber paris phantom silver tri-flow divine diamond kryptonics autobahn andale chocolate royal strange bird: website: www.strangebirds.com phone number: 415.647.1515 think hubba paradise heavy lucky blood wizard low card pure distribution: website: www.puredist.com email: sales@puredist.com phone number: 760.967.0552 premium orion tracker blueprint special order actionvillage.com sells many custom items which we label as special order items. these items are built to order and are built specifically for that customer to accommodate their request. all sales for special order items are final. actionvillage.com does not stock these items on hand and instead orders these items to be custom built the moment that an order is placed for that item. because of this process, orders can take anywhere from 2-4 weeks until they are shipped out. there are no returns, cancellations, or refunds on any special order item. if a domestic order has a special order item along with regular items then the order will be split. all of the standard items will ship out right away and the special order item will be shipped separately once it arrives. for international customers, the entire order will be held until the special order item has arrived. if a special order item is defective then please contact the manufacturer directly for assistance. all special order items are covered by a manufacturer warranty. close × ok sign up for our newsletter sign up now about actionvillage we’re not the type of people who like to relax. in fact, we don’t even know what that term means. at action village, our down time consists of getting muddy, bruised up and maybe even a faceshot full of snow. we’re outdoor enthusiasts with an edge, who understand the needs of extreme sports buffs. that’s why we only carry the highest quality gear and equipment for snowboarding, skateboarding, paintball, airsoft and bmx riders. our selection includes everything from skate shoes and snowboard bindings to airsoft masks and bmx bike tires, all from well-respected brands like valken, santa cruz, 5150, hoffman and more. even better, we’re not trying to pillage your pockets. all of our products are available at the cheapest prices online. find a lower price from a competitor? let us know and we’ll match it. action village strives to be the one stop shop for all your extreme sports needs. my account sign in order status view cart site credits policies shipping policy returns policy privacy policy terms & conditions information about us contact us faqs site map copyright © 2024 actionvillage all rights reserved. made with by mak.