来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131226063334/http://www.musicgoround.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

musical instrument stores | new & used gear | music go round 0 register log in you have no items in your shopping cart. own a music go round store more info » guitars shop guitars by category used acoustic guitars used bass amps used bass guitars used electric guitars used guitar effects used solid state guitar amps used speaker cabinets used tube guitar amps vintage guitars and amps used guitar - other shop guitars by brand fender gibson marshall yamaha peavey esp ltd schecter epiphone mesa boogie line 6 ibanez shop guitar accessories new guitar accessories used guitar accessories sell us your gear how it works about music go round locations see all locations own a music go round percussion shop percussion by category used cymbals used drum kits used electronic drums used ethnic percussion used snare drums used world percussion used percussion - other shop percussion by brand zildjian sabian paiste tama pearl dw yamaha ludwig ddrum lp premier mapex pacific toca remo shop percussion accessories new percussion accessories used percussion accessories sell us your gear how it works about music go round locations see all locations own a music go round band shop band by category used alto saxophones used bell kits used brass - other used clarinets used flutes used orchestra - other used snare kits - student used soprano saxophones used tenor saxophone used trombones used trumpets and cornets used violins, violas or cellos used woodwinds - other used band instruments - other shop band by brand yamaha selmer bach bundy vito king conn getzen gemeinhardt shop band accessories new band accessories used band accessories sell us your gear how it works about music go round locations see all locations own a music go round keyboard shop keyboard by category used controllers used digital pianos used drum machines used keyboard amps used keyboards used software used synthesizers used keyboards/midi - other shop keyboard by brand roland peavey yamaha m-audio novation alesis korg casio boss kurzweil ensoniq kawai zoom shop keyboard accessories new keyboard accessories used keyboard accessories sell us your gear how it works about music go round locations see all locations own a music go round pro sound shop pro sound by category used computer interfaces used dj and lighting equipment used effects used microphones used mixers used power amps used recording equipment used speaker cabinets used pro sound - other shop pro sound by brand qsc crown crest peavey allen & heath tc electronics shure audio technica electro-voice akg roland tascam yamaha mackie jbl shop pro sound accessories new pro sound accessories used pro sound accessories sell us your gear how it works about music go round locations see all locations own a music go round accessories shop used accessories by category used accessories - band instruments used accessories - guitars used accessories - keyboards/midi used accessories - percussion used accessories - pro sound used music books and videos used accessories - reeds used accessories - other shop new accesories by category accessories - band instruments accessories - drum heads accessories - guitar strings accessories - guitars accessories - keyboards/midi accessories - percussion accessories - pro sound music books and videos accessories - drum sticks and mallets accessories - reeds accessories - other sell us your gear how it works about music go round locations see all locations own a music go round * sell your gear * advanced search privacy policymusic go round® is a division of winmark corporation ("company"). we are committed to providing you with information, products or services to meet your needs. that commitment includes protecting information we obtain about you. we want to earn your trust by providing strict safeguards to protect information about you as we continue to bring you valuable information, products and services. please take a moment to read this privacy policy for some important information about your rights.information we may collectwhen you apply to be a music go round franchisee at our web site or request information from the company, we may collect information about you, including information you give us on applications, questionnaires or other forms. based on the information you provide us, we may also collect information from consumer reporting agencies, such as credit bureaus, in order to evaluate your eligibility to become a music go round franchisee. in addition to information provided by you, our web site may make use of browser "cookies." cookies are text files written to a user's hard drive and read by the server programs to inform a web site if the user has previously visited that site. we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, and for other purposes. the cookie never contains data that is "executed" as code, so it cannot carry viruses. cookies are linked to browser programs and do not specifically identify an individual user. while we use cookies in other parts of our web site, cookies received with banner ads are not being collected by us and we do not have access to this information. cookies can be rejected by you and if so, none of the functions listed above will be performed.information sharing and disclosurethe company collects personally identifiable information from you when voluntarily submitted by you, for example, if you complete an on-line franchise application. we will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. we may send personally identifiable information about you to others only when: 1) we have your consent to share the information; 2) we need to share the information to provide the information, service or product that you requested; 3) we need to send the information to people or companies who work on behalf of the company to provide information, products or services to you; 4) we respond to subpoenas court orders or legal process; or 4) we find that your actions on the web site violate the web site disclaimer agreement conditions of use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services. in addition, user demographic information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis in a manner that will not personally identify the individual submitting the information.when this policy does not applythis policy does not apply to the practices of companies that the company does not own or control, or to people that the company does not employ or manage. in addition, this policy does not apply to the web sites of other divisions of the company, as each web site has its own privacy policy.information securitythis site has taken reasonable security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. however, please remember that no computer system should be considered safe from intrusion. e-mail may pass through many computer systems, and should not be considered as a secure means of communication unless encrypted. even then, information is only as secure as the encryption method. if you visit our web site, the company will not communicate with you unless you have given us permission to do so.payment securitywe implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. we offer the use of a secure server. all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential. after a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.copyright infringementwe prohibit the submission of any copyrighted material without the user first obtaining the prior written consent of the copyright owner. in particular, if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user submission or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca") by providing our copyright agent with the following information in writing (see 17 u.s.c 512(c)(3) for further detail): (i) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at the site; (iii) identification of the material on the site that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address; (v) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. our designated copyright agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is tamara l. harmon who can be reached at (763) 520-8422. for clarity, only dmca notices should go to the copyright agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to customer service at (763) 520-8500. you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your dmca notice may not be valid.changes to this policywe may make changes to this policy from time to time. we will post changes to this policy here, so be sure to check back periodically.conclusionwe appreciate how important privacy is to you. we want you to understand why we collect and sometimes share information about you and how this can benefit you. simply stated, by knowing more about you, we can provide a greater range of information, products and services that may be of interest to you. privacy policy return policy shipping policy conditions of use contact us how it works site map wbs online music go round® is a registered trademark of winmark corporation based in minneapolis, mn. each franchise is independently owned and operated. other brand names are trademarked or registered by their respective companies. the trademarks and logos used in this website are owned by winmark corporation® and any unauthorized use of these trademarks by others is subject to action under federal and state trademark laws. ----- navigation guitars percussion band keyboard pro sound accessories sell your gear locations privacy policy return policy shipping policy conditions of use contact us how it works site map wbs online