来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20150928070553/http://www.musicgoround.com/conditions-of-use
================================================================================

musical instruments | gently used gear | music go round plato's closet once upon a child style encore play it again sports music go round own one of our five award-winning franchises. learn more 0 register log in you have no items in your shopping cart. own a music go round store more info » guitars shop guitars by category used acoustic guitars used bass amps used bass guitars used electric guitars used guitar effects used solid state guitar amps used speaker cabinets used tube guitar amps vintage guitars and amps used bass speaker cabinets used guitar speaker cabinets used guitar - other shop guitars by brand fender gibson marshall yamaha peavey esp ltd schecter epiphone mesa boogie line 6 ibanez shop guitar accessories new guitar accessories used guitar accessories more info how it works about music go round sell us your gear original & unsigned locations see all locations own a music go round percussion shop percussion by category used cymbals used drum kits used electronic drums used ethnic percussion used snare drums used world percussion used drum hardware used single drums used percussion - other shop percussion by brand zildjian sabian paiste tama pearl dw yamaha ludwig ddrum lp premier mapex pacific toca remo shop percussion accessories new percussion accessories used percussion accessories more info how it works about music go round sell us your gear original & unsigned locations see all locations own a music go round band shop band by category used alto saxophones used bell kits used brass - other used clarinets used flutes used orchestra - other used snare kits - student used soprano saxophones used tenor saxophones used trombones used trumpets used violins, violas or cellos used woodwinds - other used cellos used cornets used french horns used tubas used violins used violas used band instruments - other shop band by brand yamaha selmer bach bundy vito king conn getzen gemeinhardt shop band accessories new band accessories used band accessories more info how it works about music go round sell us your gear original & unsigned locations see all locations own a music go round keyboard shop keyboard by category used controllers used digital pianos used drum machines used keyboard amps used keyboards used software used synthesizers used accordians and concertinas used keyboards/midi - other shop keyboard by brand roland peavey yamaha m-audio novation alesis korg casio boss kurzweil ensoniq kawai zoom shop keyboard accessories new keyboard accessories used keyboard accessories more info how it works about music go round sell us your gear original & unsigned locations see all locations own a music go round pro sound shop pro sound by category used computer interfaces used dj and lighting equipment used effects used microphones used mixers used power amps used recording equipment used speaker cabinets used dj equipment used drum machines used lighting equipment used pro sound - other shop pro sound by brand qsc crown crest peavey allen & heath tc electronics shure audio technica electro-voice akg roland tascam yamaha mackie jbl shop pro sound accessories new pro sound accessories used pro sound accessories more info how it works about music go round sell us your gear original & unsigned locations see all locations own a music go round accessories shop used accessories by category used accessories - band instruments used accessories - guitars used accessories - keyboards/midi used accessories - percussion used accessories - pro sound used music books and videos used accessories - reeds used accessories - other shop new accesories by category accessories - band instruments accessories - drum heads accessories - guitar strings accessories - guitars accessories - keyboards/midi accessories - percussion accessories - pro sound music books and videos accessories - drumsticks and mallets accessories - reeds accessories - other more info how it works about music go round sell us your gear original & unsigned locations see all locations own a music go round * sell your gear * advanced search conditions of useby using this web site, you signify your agreement to the following conditions of use (conditions of use). please read these conditions of use carefully before using this web site. winmark corporation (winmark) may at any time revise these conditions of use by updating this posting. you are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current conditions of use to which you are bound. disclaimer of warrantiesthe materials on www.musicgoround.com are provided as is and as available and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. winmark does not warrant that the functions of this web site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this web site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. winmark does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials or information on this web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. other web sites can be accessed through this home page (third party web site). such third party web sites are external internet addresses and may offer products or services of organizations independent of winmark. winmark does not endorse, approve or certify any information, product or service referenced or provided at such third party web sites. to the fullest extent permitted by law, winmark disclaims any warranties for services or products offered or sold on any third party web site. you understand and agree that any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this or any third party web site is at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that results in the download of such material. winmark disclaims any responsibility for the content of any third party materials provided through or on the www.musicgoround.com internet site. winmark desires to respect all copyrights and to respond accordingly when notified of the infringement of those rights. therefore, and in compliance with 17 u.s.c. § 512, if you believe that any such third party materials infringe your intellectual property rights, please contact the following agent to request a review of the alleged infringement: winmark corporation, attn: legal departmentl, 605 highway 169 n, suite 400, minneapolis, mn 55441.copyrightall materials incorporated in or accessible through this site, including, without limitation, text, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, logos, button icons, audio clips, video clips, software, and other content, and the compilation, collection, arrangement, and assembly thereof (including the look and feel of this site), are protected by united states and international copyright laws, and are owned or controlled by winmark or by the original creators of such materials or their respective assignees. such materials may be used as a resource for purchasing the products offered through this site. any other use of such materials, including any copying, reproduction, modification, sale, distribution, transmission, republication, downloading, display, posting, performance, or other exploitation thereof by any means or medium without the prior written permission of winmark or other copyright owner is strictly prohibited. in the event of any permitted use of such materials, including, without limitation, any copying, reproduction, distribution, republication, downloading, or display thereof, you will make no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend, or copyright notice. no right, title, or interest in any such materials will be granted or transferred to you as a result of any permitted use of such materials.although this site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed or referenced herein are available to all persons or in all geographic locations. our site acts as the venue to bring music go round® franchisees (franchisees) and buyers of goods together. winmark is not involved in the actual transaction between such parties. as a result, we have no control over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of sellers to sell items or the ability of buyers to buy items. because we are not involved in the actual transactions between buyers and franchisees, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more users, you release winmark (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. limitation of liabilityneither winmark nor any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this web site shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this web site, including, but not limited to, negligence by act or omission, even if winmark has been advised of the possibility of such damages. such limitation shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by reason of services or goods received through or advertised on this web site or third party web sites. such limitation shall apply, without limitation, to the costs of procurement of substitute goods or services, lost profits, or lost data. applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. in no event shall winmark's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount paid by you to winmark for products sold or services rendered. winmark assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the web site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this web site.you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of this web site and any third party web site accessed through this web site. your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with this site or any products or services offered through this site or any third party web site accessed through this web site is to stop using this web site or such products or services. restrictions on use of materialsthis web site is owned and operated by winmark corporation. permission is granted to display and navigate around this web site with a computer using html browser software, solely for personal, non-commercial use. any commercial or public use of this web site or any portion hereof is strictly prohibited. except as otherwise permitted by winmark, no materials from www.musicgoround.com or any web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by winmark may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. you may download material displayed on this web site for non-commercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. you may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this web site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video, without winmark's written permission. winmark neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on this web site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with winmark.jurisdictional issuesthis web site is controlled and operated by winmark from its offices within the state of minnesota, united states of america. winmark makes no representation that materials on www.musicgoround.com are appropriate or available for use in other locations. those who choose to access this web site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.trademarks/service marks and copyrightsimages displayed on this web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, winmark. the use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.all trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and icons used by winmark are proprietary to winmark. nothing contained on this web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark or service mark displayed on this web site without the written permission of winmark or such third party that may own the trademarks or service marks displayed on this web site. your use of the trademarks or service marks displayed on this web site, or any other content on this web site, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.inquiries concerning use of winmark's trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, icons, copyrights or other intellectual property should be addressed to winmark corporation, attn: legal department, 605 highway 169 n, suite 400, minneapolis, mn 55441.any communications or material you transmit to this web site by electronic mail or otherwise, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions, will be treated as nonconfidential and nonproprietary and will become the property of winmark or its affiliates. such communications or material shall be used for any purpose including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. furthermore, winmark is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to this web site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information. trademark/service mark noticesmusic go round® and all other trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos used by winmark or its subsidiaries are registered trademarks or service marks of winmark corporation and/or its subsidiaries. we are very protective of our trademarks and service marks. if they have not been registered with the united states patent and trademark office, then we have applications pending. all use of these marks must be with our permission. we will file appropriate legal actions to enjoin the unauthorized use of these marks. under the law, we would be entitled to collect your profits, our actual damages and, perhaps, even our attorney fees. indemnity and releaseby using www.musicgoround.com you agree to indemnify winmark and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors and employees and hold them harmless from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from your use of www.musicgoround.com. by using www.musicgoround.com you are hereby agreeing to release winmark and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors and employees from any and all claims, demands, debts, obligations, damages (actual or consequential), costs and expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, that you may have against them arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or to the products and services. force majeureunder no circumstances shall winmark be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunications equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, flood, storms, explosions, acts of god, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, nonperformance of third parties, or loss or fluctuations in heat, light or air conditioning. choice of law and forumthese terms and conditions of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of minnesota, united states of america, excluding its conflicts of law rules. you expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions of use of this web site shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in the state of minnesota, and you further agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating such claim or action. severability and integrationunless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and winmark with respect to this web site and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and winmark with respect to this web site. if any part of these terms and conditions of use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties and the remaining portion shall remain in full force and effect. terminationyou agree that winmark, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password (if any) or use of the web site, for any reason, including, without limitation, if winmark believes that you have violated the conditions of use. winmark may at any time without notice discontinue this web site or any part of it. you agree that any termination of your access to the web site may be effected without prior notice. further, you agree that winmark will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to this web site. privacy policy return policy shipping policy conditions of use contact us how it works site map wbs online music go round® is a registered trademark of winmark corporation based in minneapolis, mn. each franchise is independently owned and operated. other brand names are trademarked or registered by their respective companies. the trademarks and logos used in this website are owned by winmark corporation® and any unauthorized use of these trademarks by others is subject to action under federal and state trademark laws. navigation guitars percussion band keyboard pro sound accessories sell your gear locations privacy policy return policy shipping policy conditions of use contact us how it works site map wbs online