来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171105183051/https://www.musicgoround.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

musical instrument stores | new & used gear | music go round [skip to content] plato's closet once upon a child style encore play it again sports music go round own one of our five award-winning franchises. learn more guitars skip to next category category acoustic guitars bass amps bass guitars electric guitars guitar effects solid state guitar amps tube guitar amps bass speaker cabinets guitar speaker cabinets guitar - other brand fender gibson marshall yamaha peavey esp ltd schecter epiphone mesa boogie line 6 ibanez accessories new guitar accessories used guitar accessories new guitar accessories shop accessories [end of guitar] percussion skip to next category category cymbals drum kits electronic drums snare drums world percussion drum hardware single drums percussion - other brand zildjian sabian paiste tama pearl dw yamaha ludwig ddrum lp premier mapex pacific toca remo accessories new percussion accessories used percussion accessories new percussion accessories shop accessories [end of percussion] band skip to next category category alto saxophones bell kits brass - other clarinets flutes orchestra - other snare kits - student soprano saxophones tenor saxophones trombones trumpets woodwinds - other cellos cornets french horns tubas violins violas band instruments - other brand yamaha selmer bach bundy vito king conn getzen gemeinhardt accessories new band accessories used band accessories new band accessories shop accessories [end of band instruments] keyboards skip to next category category controllers digital pianos keyboard amps keyboards software synthesizers accordions and concertinas keyboards/midi - other brand roland peavey yamaha m-audio novation alesis korg casio boss kurzweil ensoniq kawai zoom accessories new keyboard accessories used keyboard accessories new keyboard accessories shop accessories [end of keyboards] pro sound skip to next category category computer interfaces dj and lighting equipment effects microphones mixers power amps recording equipment speaker cabinets dj equipment drum machines lighting equipment pro sound - other brand qsc crown crest peavey allen & heath tc electronics shure audio technica electro-voice akg roland tascam yamaha mackie jbl accessories new pro sound accessories used pro sound accessories new pro sound accessories shop accessories [end of pro sound] accessories skip to next category used accessories band instruments guitars keyboards/midi percussion pro sound music books and videos reeds other new accessories band instruments drum heads guitar strings guitars keyboards/midi percussion pro sound music books and videos drumsticks and mallets reeds other [end of accessories] [end of menu] our locations own a store accountaccount logoutlog out {{shoppingcartservice.productcount}}shopping cart shopping cart no items in your shopping cart. {{product.productname}} ships from music go round — {{product.store.name}} {{product.store.state}} | {{product.store.phone}} {{product.unitprice}} qty {{product.quantity}} subtotal: {{shoppingcartservice.subtotal}} shopping cart checkout search gear advanced search search privacy policy about us return shipping privacy policy conditions of use site map contact faq privacy policylast updated june 2016 music go round is a division of winmark corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” “company,” or “winmark”). we are committed to providing you with information, products or services to meet your needs. that commitment includes protecting information we obtain about you. we want to earn your trust by providing strict safeguards to protect information about you as we continue to bring you valuable information, products and services. please take a moment to read this privacy policy for some important information about your rights.by using the company website or any of our applications, products, services, features, tools, or resources you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our conditions of use.this privacy policy, along with our conditions of use, governs your use of our website at www.musicgoround.com (the “site”) and any of our franchised locations’ websites (collectively, the “system”), and any other information we may access through social media platforms such as facebook. information we may collectwe may collect personal information about you, including information you give us on applications, questionnaires or other forms, when you join our mailing list, or if you request or submit information about becoming a franchisee. this information is voluntarily provided by you and may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, email address, personal preferences, or other personal identifiers. this information may also be collected for participation in a sweepstakes or other give-away, to locate a store or otherwise participate in activities or services generated on our system. based on the information you provide us, we may also collect information from consumer reporting agencies, such as credit bureaus, in order to evaluate your eligibility to become a franchisee.all of our locations are independently owned and operated franchises, and winmark corporation does not own or operate these locations. comments, questions or complaints submitted to us about a specific location will be forwarded to the franchised location, along with any contact information you provide with your comment. if you have comments regarding a specific location, we recommend you contact that location directly so that they may personally and immediately assist you. in addition to information provided by you, our system may make use of browser “cookies.” cookies are text files written to a user’s hard drive and read by the server programs to inform a website if the user has previously visited that site. we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our system, and for other purposes. the cookie never contains data that is “executed” as code, so it cannot carry viruses. cookies are linked to browser programs and do not specifically identify an individual user. cookies can be rejected by you and if so, none of the functions listed above will be performed.we may also use third-party vendors, such as google analytics, to advertise to our users online. these third-party vendors may display company product or service advertisements on other websites based on your internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use first-party cookies (such as the google analytic cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to the website or another site affiliated with company products or services. any information that these third parties collect via cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information (name, address, email address, or phone number) we collect or you provide on the system. you can opt-out of google analytics for display advertising by using google’s ads settings.children under 13we do not knowingly solicit data online from or market online to children under the age of 13.information sharing and disclosurewe will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. we may send personally identifiable information about you to others only when: 1) we have your consent to share the information; 2) we need to share the information to provide the information, service or product that you requested; 3) we need to send the information to people or companies who work on behalf of the company to provide information, products or services to you; 4) we respond to subpoenas court orders or legal process; or 5) we find that your actions on the system violate the conditions of use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services. in addition, user demographic information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis in a manner that will not personally identify the individual submitting the information.linking to other websitesyou should be aware that our system or email communications may contain links to other websites. these websites may have privacy policies provisions that differ from the provisions of this privacy policy. the system may also contain certain social media icons or widgets. although you can view the material we have linked to, you may have to create an individual account or register to use these third-party social media sites to use interactive features. any interaction on other websites or social media platforms is governed by the terms of use and privacy policy of the particular website or platform. to ensure your privacy is protected, we recommend that you review the privacy policies of other websites or platforms you visit.our email list is managed by constant contact. if you elect to join our email list, your subscription will be governed by the terms of use and privacy policy of constant contact, which may have provisions that differ from the provisions of our policies. to ensure your privacy is protected, we recommend that you review these policies prior to joining our email list. information collected by and from social media services and other third party platformsyou also can engage with our content through social media services, other third party platforms or other third-party social media plug-ins, integrations and applications. when you engage with our content on or through social media services or other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information in your profile. this may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an id associated with the applicable third party platform or social media account user files, like photos and videos, your list of friends or connections, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or "likes." for a description on how social media services and other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.business transferswe may also disclose your information to a third party as part of a merger, sale, or other corporate reorganization. any third party to which we transfer or sell the site or related assets will have the right to continue to use personal information and other information that you provide to us.securitywe have taken reasonable security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. however, please remember that no computer system should be considered safe from intrusion. email may pass through many computer systems, and should not be considered as a secure means of communication unless encrypted. even then, information is only as secure as the encryption method. if you visit our system, we will not communicate with you unless you have given us permission to do so.how users can limit information collectedwhile we work hard to use and disclose our users’ personal information only for the purposes identified above, you can choose not to provide personal information or limit the personal information obtained by us as follows:•    you may have your contact information removed from our marketing lists to inform users of new or relevant products, services and special offers by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any communication received from us or by emailing us at marketing@winmarkcorporation.com. •    you may limit the collection of “cookies” through your browser settings. however, this may disable our ability to provide you with the most relevant products or information regarding the system; and•    you may limit the ability of google analytics to track your online activity, as outlined in the “behavioral advertising” section.behavioral advertisingwe may also use third-party vendors, such as google analytics, to advertise to our users online. these third-party vendors may display winmark product advertisements on other websites based on your internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use first-party cookies (such as the google analytic cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to the site or another site affiliated with winmark products or services. any information that these third parties collect via cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information (name, address, email address, or phone number) we collect or you provide on the website. you can opt-out of google analytics for display advertising by using google’s ads settings.website accessibilitywe are committed to facilitating the accessibility and usability of the site for all people with disabilities. the company is continuously taking steps to improve the site and stay in compliance with the world wide web consortium's web content accessibility guidelines 2.0 level aa (“wcag 2.0 aa”). our website will be tested periodically by third-party accessibility consultants in order to provide feedback regarding conformance with wcag 2.0 aa standards.please be aware that given the constant changes in technology, our efforts are ongoing.  if, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular page on the site, contact us at the contact information below.changes to this policywe reserve the right to modify this policy from time to time and will mark new versions with a corresponding effective date. we recommend that you visit the site regularly to review any changes in our practices.your california privacy rightscalifornia civil code § 1798.83 permits users that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please contact us via the system.conclusionwe appreciate how important privacy is to you. we want you to understand why we collect and sometimes share information about you and how this can benefit you. simply stated, by knowing more about you, we can provide a greater range of information, products and services that may be of interest to you. if you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at: winmark corporationattn: legal department605 highway 169 n, suite 400minneapolis, mn 55441(763) 520-8500tharmon@winmarkcorporation.com © 2016 winmark corporation. all rights reserved. own a music go round looking for used gear? you may have just discovered your future. music go round franchisees started out as customers of our stores. they have a love of music, they love gear and they understand the industry. most importantly they’ve taken their passion and turned it into a business they’re proud of which is an asset to the music scene in their community. who wouldn’t want to own a business where every day they were doing what they truly love? sound interesting? learn more at winmarkfranchises.com search guitars percussion band keyboard pro sound accessories stores locations sell your gear about music go round own a store faq customer service privacy policy online purchase return policy shipping policy what to expect in buying conditions of use contact us site map follow us music go round® is a registered trademark of winmark corporation based in minneapolis, mn. each franchise is independently owned and operated. other brand names are trademarked or registered by their respective companies. the trademarks and logos used in this website are owned by winmark corporation® and any unauthorized use of these trademarks by others is subject to action under federal and state trademark laws. ©2017 winmark corporation. all rights reserved. powered by nop commerce xclose popup