来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141225121102/http://bikesdirect.com/frequent.htm
================================================================================

bikesdirect.com frequently asked questions about bikes ©bikesdirect.com free ship 48 no tax collected 48 states | save up to 60% off at bikesdirect.com certified trusted site about trust online frequently asked questions... please use the links below to jump to a question and answer: general q's >> satisfaction/return/exchange policy | authorized dealer | factory warranty | why low prices | discount | site security | warranty claims | typos/errors shipping q's >>> tracking number | delivery time | non usa customer | fpo/apo | damage, missing items | shipping delays | ship charges | ship methods order q's >>> weights | assembly | sizing | customizing | is a bike instock | change address or alternate/ order via fax | sales tax | e-checks | non-usa credit cards after purchase q's >> return/exchange policy | refused shipment | restock fee | order tracking | warranty claim | serial numbers for bike? tech q's >> xsmall mtb looks odd | sealed bearings | warranty claim | broken derailleur hanger | toe overlaps wheel q: how do i know what size to get? (back to top of page click here) a: for our best info on sizing >click here< with the 100+ years of combined experience our staff have, sizing suggestions can be quite accurate however the final decision is up to you. once the bike is received, the customer can fine tune their fit via saddle, stem and bar adjustments. q: how much does bike x, y or z weigh? (back to top of page click here) a: please click >>here<< for the answers q: how can you sell these bikes at such low prices? (back to top of page click here) a: we save you money by selling bikes factory direct. we do not require an expensive, high rent, store front location. we ship directly from the distribution warehouse. we also minimize our overhead by selling exclusively through the internet. we do not need to stock hundred's of small repair/service parts or have several salespeople available or run an expensive call center. we buy in enormous volumes that affords us the best prices possible so that we can pass along the savings to you. all of these combined allow us to offer you the best, factory fresh, fully warranteed bicycles at up to 60% or more off list prices. q: are you an authorized dealer? do i get a full factory warranty? (back to top of page click here) a: yes - we are an authorized dealer for every brand we carry. we ship directly from the factory warehouses so you pay close to wholesale prices and still get a full factory warranty. q: my derailleur got sucked/shifted into my spokes. is this covered by warranty? (back to top of page click here) my derailleur hanger broke when i was climbing a hill / shifting to an easier gear in the rear. is this covered by warranty? a: this is always sad when it happens. this is not a defect covered by warranty. this is because the derailleur hanger got bent or the derailleur was not adjusted properly or something got tangled in the drive-train derailleur hangers....the part by the rear gears that holds the rear derailleur....they are designed to bend to protect the frame from permanent damage and can be easily straightened or replaced. please, check your bike before each ride. if the hanger is slightly bent; don’t stress but please attend to this before riding. straighten it, adjust your derailleurs properly and it should be okay. if your rear derailleur shifts down into your frame or up into your spokes, it's because it was not adjusted properly before riding. it's not a defect. it's easy to fix and can save you a broken wheel or other expensive parts. check these videos for the easy fix in mere minutes: http://youtu.be/yfzagjyfiey http://www.pinkbike.com/news/technical-tuesday-straightening-derailleur-hanger-2010.html http://vimeo.com/23162533 before each ride: please check all threaded parts for tightness. adjust all adjustable items and check your drivetrain for alignment. if your drivetrain starts shifting differently, makes noises, skips or jumps or otherwise acts oddly; stop riding and have it checked out or further damage may occur. replacement derailleur hangers are available here q: my small mtb bike looks odd, the top tube slopes down very far and looks like a ladies frame. is my bike a ladies frame or defective? (back to top of page click here) a: if you ordered a small bike the only way to make a frame that small is to have the top tube slope down due to fork/headtube height. on the very smallest mens sizes, due to wheel size and fork heights; the top tube/seat stays may form a slight v shape. this is not a defect. q: my toe overlaps the front wheel when i corner the bike/turn my front wheel. is my bike defective? (back to top of page click here) a: first, make sure your fork is not backwards. bikes are shipped with the fork backwards to protect them in shipping. make sure they are turned forwards such that the rake or curve goes forwards. if the fork is facing forwards this is most commonly asked by riders new to modern road bikes or riders of small frames. this is not a defect. sheldon brown, recognized bicycle expert says "on many bicycles, especially those with smaller frames and full-sized wheels, it is possible for the front fender or tire to bump into the rider's toe or to the toe clip. some people worry a lot about this, but it is rarely a significant problem in practice. the only time it can happen is when the handlebars are turned quite far to the side, as only happens at very low speeds. many, many people ride bicycles with fairly severe overlap with no practical problems, sometimes having to make a slight adjustment to their pedaling habits at very slow speeds. on smaller-size bikes with full-sized wheels, it is usually impossible to eliminate overlap without causing adverse fit/handling issues." ref: "sheldonbrown.com" dave moulton, bicycle frame building expert since 1957 whose bikes have been ridden in the olympics, tour de france and world championships says " toe overlap is not a problem because riding and cornering at normal speed the front wheel never turns far enough for the toe to hit the front wheel. the only time it becomes an issue is when turning sharply at a very slow speed; doing a u-turn on a very narrow road for example. caution and common sense are all that is required when executing a tight u-turn. if you are turning left then your right pedal will be down for maximum ground clearance as you coast into the turn. by the time you need to start pedaling again you are already half way through the turn, and the right crank has to complete ¾ of a turn before the toe is opposite the front wheel. by that time, you should be all the way around and the front wheel is straight ahead again. if you are not the coast again, or ratchet the crank back again on the freewheel. doing the same maneuver with a fixed gear is a little trickier; but it is a matter of timing. go very slow and start to turn as the toe passes the front wheel; that way the crank has a whole revolution to go before it makes contact again. if the front wheel is still turned the next time round; straighten the front wheel so the toe clears, then turn sharply after it has passed. fixed gear and fenders (mudguards.) is going to make this move a little difficult, but not impossible. with clipless pedals, you could unclip the outside foot and move your toe back to give more clearance. i sometimes get out of the saddle and simply point my toe downwards to give more clearance. what you need to avoid is a situation where you get your toe on the wrong side of the wheel in a turn; if you do, try not to panic. ratchet the crank back if you have a freewheel, or if you are riding fixed gear, keep going and let the toe pass the front wheel so you can straighten up again....a racing motorcycle with narrow swept down handlebars; turning is restricted because the handlebars touch the fuel tank. here is a machine that will go 200 mph plus, and restricted turning seems not to be a problem.... toe overlap on a bicycle is neither a design fault nor a problem." ref: "davesbikeblog.blogspot.com" q: there is an issue with my bike. how do i place a warranty claim? (back to top of page click here) a: good news - actual defects are fairly rare. we will get you taken care of. please follow these steps: 1) do not disassemble/take-apart your bike, frame or any parts 2) take photos and send them if possible 3) locate your order number and your complete contact information 4) send the photos, order number, contact info and a detailed description of the issue to bd4servicecenter@aol.com we will reply with further instructions within the next business day. for example, your email sent friday after 5pm will get a reply by tuesday morning. emails sent friday before 5pm get a reply by 5pm the following monday. please inspect all packages prior to assembly for correct delivery, size, color, missing parts, hidden damage etc. q: is your site secure? (back to top of page click here) a: yes, the final page where you enter your credit card information is secure and encrypted with the highest level of security. further, we only ship to confirmed and verified physical addresses. additional checks may be required as needed to prevent fraud. for details click here q: do you charge shipping? (back to top of page click here) a: we offer free freight to the 48 (continental united states that is). the price you see is the price you pay - shipping costs are included in the price you pay. puerto rico, alaska and hawaii must pay additional air freight starting at $150 (non refundable). fpo/apo or overseas, please see the international shipping faq and contact us for details. canada- limited availability. click here for information q: can you take my non-usa issued credit card? (back to top of page click here) a: we want as many happy cyclists as possible to enjoy the high quality bikes and tremendous savings we offer. at this time, due to banking contracts, there are some credit cards we cannot accept. if you have a non-usa issued credit card, please contact us to see if we can accept it or for other payment arrangements. canada- limited availability. click here for information, duty and tax is customers responsibility. q: where is my tracking number? (back to top of page click here) a: we process most orders with in 24 business hours of payment being received. all bicycles are shipped ups ground or appropriate carrier we send all tracking confirmations from bikesdirectbikes@aol.com. please allow at least 24 business hours for order processing. if it has been over 24 business hours and you have not received a tracking confirmation from us, please double check in your spam or junk mail folders. or, you may have misspelled or provided an old email address. please be sure to enter all contact information correctly to avoid miscommunications.. q: why is my item order delayed? (back to top of page click here) a: there are several reasons your order could be delayed. did you request a change? changes made to orders in transit may incur additional charges, additional delay or may not be possible. (please, do not count weekends or holidays as business days) how did you pay? if you paid via e-check, it can take an additional 3 to 7 business days for that payment to clear. then, it takes a day or two for us to process the order. (please, do not count weekends or holidays as business days) shipping address different from billing address? if your shipping address is different from your billing, our security department may elect to contact you as part of our anti-fraud screening process. your bike may not ship until we obtain additional information to verify the card holder requested the change did you order a pre-pay item? pre-pay items are not currently instock and will be shipping at a later date as indicated on the sale page. the tracking number you received will update with a new estimated time of arrival around the later date indicated on the sale page of your item. please do not use the initial date provided with the tracking number. weather or other events? severe weather, flooding, fire and other events may delay shipments. this is out of anyone's control q: how are bicycles shipped? (back to top of page click here) a: bikes are shipped ups ground or appropriate carrier with signature required to protect ones purchase. expedited shipping is not available. there are no exceptions. if someone is not available to sign, ups leaves a note so one can make other arrangements. it takes about 3 to 7 business days for shipping.  it takes a day or two for us to process the order. changes made to orders in transit may incur additional charges, additional delay or may not be possible. (please, do not count weekends or holidays as business days) please inspect all packages prior to assembly for correct delivery, size, color, missing parts, hidden damage etc. keep the box and packing. q: when will i get my item? (back to top of page click here) a: after your payment clears, your item will be delivered by ups ground or appropriate carrier in about 3 to 7 business days. if you paid via e-check, it can take an additional 3 to 7 business days for that payment to clear. then, it takes a day or two for us to process the order. (please, do not count weekends or holidays as business days) note: these are not guaranteed delivery times and may vary by a few days. please inspect all packages prior to assembly for correct delivery, size, color, missing parts, hidden damage etc. keep the box and packing. q: i need the serial number from my bike? (back to top of page click here) a: check the frame tubes, serial numbers are usually stamped in a discreet location on the frame like under the bottom bracket. lost or stolen bike? as it turns out, we do not have serial numbers on file. in our tracking email we send to each customer, we recommend writing it down when you receive your bike(s). bikes are delivered to our warehouses directly from the manufacturers and are then drop shipped to our customers as orders come in. they are never opened before they are shipped to our customers so we, nor the manufacturers have any way of knowing exactly which bike you were shipped to be able to obtain your exact serial number. q: i paid with an e-check, why is the order shipping later? (back to top of page click here) a: e-checks are held by the payment processor company about 3 to 7 business days. after your payment clears, it takes a day or two for us to process the order. then, within the continental usa, it takes another 3 to 7 business days via ups ground (please, do not count weekends or holidays as business days) q: i found an error on the site (price/spec/etc) (back to top of page click here) a: if an error is noticed prior to placing an order, we appreciate the information and will make the correction. this site is maintained and created by humans and we sometimes err. we may even send you a surprise gift if you were the first to notice the error or if the error was especially funny. in the bicycle industry, suppliers and factories sometimes change specs without notice and state that they are "subject to change without notice". this is because bicycles are made from hundreds of parts which come from dozens of vendors. parts are sometimes updated to the most current production generation/iteration one gets better or more current parts or a comparable part. for example, 12-25 instead of 11-25t cassette or 52t chainring instead of 53t ring. we attempt to be as accurate as possible and eliminate errors on the site; however, we do not warrant that any product, service, description, photograph, pricing or other information is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. in the event of an error, whether on the site, in an order confirmation, in processing an order, delivering a product or service or otherwise, we reserve the right to correct such error and revise your order accordingly if necessary (including charging the correct price) or to cancel the order and refund any amount charged. your sole remedy in the event of such error is to cancel your order and obtain a refund. q: is much assembly required? (back to top of page click here) a: all bikes come direct to you in the factory box, about 80 to 90% assembled. if you are familiar with bicycle assembly, most take about 15 to 20 minutes with brake, shifter, derailleur adjustment and some wheel truing. some of the higher-end bikes and triathlon bicycles may take a bit longer for assembly and tuning. it is normal for wheels to require some minor truing. it is normal for hydraulic disc rotors and brakes to need bleeding/adjustment/alignment. even parts that arrived installed need to be checked/adjusted.  click here to see sample assembly instructions and a video. bikes do not come with tools. most bikes need 3/4/5/6mm allen keys, philips/flathead driver and a 15mm open end wrench for pedals. pick some up at a hardware store or available from us - >click here< (we don't sell the pedal wrenches as most people already have an adjustable or open end wrench) if you feel unsure about putting it together, send us an email for some tips or at your option take it to your local bike shop for final assembly, tuning and safety checks. it is incumbent upon the rider to ensure their bicycle is properly assembled, tuned and adjusted at all times. damage due to mis-adjustment is not covered by any warranty. note: some fat bikes and 29ers, due to size of packing, come with front & rear wheel/der off. mounting a rear wheel/der adds 2 minutes to bike setup for easy how to videos click >here< and >>here<< all parts of the bicycle require proper tuning and tightening of all parts prior to every ride and inclusive of parts that arrive pre-installed. please inspect all packages prior to assembly for correct delivery, size, color, missing parts, hidden damage etc. keep the box and packing. assembly is the customers sole responsibility. many customers save money and assemble bikes themselves or choose to pay someone for assembly. bikesdirect will not be responsible for third party work/fees incurred for assembly, packing or otherwise. third party fees will not be credited nor refunded. bikes are shipped with the fork backwards to protect them in shipping. make sure they are turned forwards such that the rake or curve goes forwards. if the fork is facing forwards this is most commonly asked by riders new to modern road bikes or riders of small frames. this is not a defect. q: can i get you to make changes or customize my bike? (back to top of page click here) a: these ship directly from the distribution warehouse so we are unable to make changes from the manufacturers specifications. after you get the bike, contact us by email or fax and we can refer you to a great source of custom parts and accessories - perhaps a longer/shorter stem or bike pump or cycling computer. q: how can i tell if the bike i want is instock? (back to top of page click here) a: the bikes are on a live inventory. simply add your desired size/color to the shopping cart and then click "proceed to check out". if it is in stock, the system will let you type in your billing info and proceed with an order. if it is sold out, a message will pop up, saying it is out of stock, and you will not be able to proceed with an order. bikes sell quickly and may sell out anytime. especially those marked "lowstock" this system is accurate most of the time. however, due to extremely high volume of sales, the system may rarely oversell a bike. if this happens, we'll process a refund and contact you about your order. want to know when we are getting more in? email our sales department at bd4salesteam@aol.com. then, please join our newsletter click here q: did i get a sealed bearing? (back to top of page click here) a: the "sealed" bearing is one which has rubber or plastic gaskets to prevent the entry of dirt (or dust). in the bicycle industry, the term "sealed bearing" is sometimes used colloquially to refer to any bearing that has any kind of seal and to higher tech cartridge bearings. this can be confusing to a consumer who may think that a hub is a high-tech cartridge-bearing unit, when it is actually a normal cup-and-cone bearing (caged ball bearings) with a plastic or rubber dust cap. the step above a standard "sealed bearing" is called a "precision bearing". q: do you charge sales tax? (back to top of page click here) a: for bikes shipped to all states except florida and texas; we do not collect sales tax. for bikes shipped within texas, buyer must pay 6.25% sales tax. the net price for bikes shipped within texas is the price listed on our site plus 6.25%. for bikes shipped within florida, buyer must pay 6% sales tax. the net price for bikes shipped within florida is the price listed on our site plus 6% q: what if i am not happy with the bike i choose or want to return or exchange it? (back to top of page click here) a: we offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. (click here) please inspect all packages prior to assembly for correct delivery, size, color, missing parts, hidden damage etc. claims for delivery issues cannot be made after 7 days from delivery date. keep the box and packing in case you need to return the whole bike. if you are not satisfied with the bike, let us know about it before returning it, often a simple adjustment is all that is needed. if you want to exchange it, you will need to return it within 30 days, in as-new condition and packed as you received it, then you would order the other bike. please contact us for return instructions. q: what if i refuse the shipment or was unable to sign for it? (back to top of page click here) a: for most bikes, this would incur a $50 fee which is part of the cost of the return shipment. for much larger bikes such as fatbikes and the largest 29ers this return fee would be $100 which is deducted from your refund. please contact us for other instructions. please inspect all packages prior to assembly for correct delivery, size, color, missing parts, hidden damage etc. claims for delivery issues cannot be made after 7 days from delivery date. keep the box and packing in case you need to return the whole bike. q: do you ship internationally? (back to top of page click here) a: not directly, sorry. there are far too many customs restrictions to be able to accommodate this. our website does not accept international credit cards. orders cannot be placed from international ip addresses.  however, we can still sell you a bike; read on how: canadians see below.  all other international customers, if you make arrangements with a freight forwarding company or with family or friends in the u.s. we can sell you a bike but payment must be made with a wire transfer or with a u.s. money order.  please email bikesdirectbikes@aol.com for details canada- limited availability. click here for information, duty and tax is customers responsibility. q: can you ship to fpo / apo addresses (military)? (back to top of page click here) a: orders cannot be placed from international ip addresses.  however, we can still sell you a bike; read on how: we are unable to ship directly to an apo/fpo. you may opt to arrange with a freight forwarder such as www.shipitapo.com* or www.myus.com*. or, provide us your alternate u.s. shipping address such as a friend or family member. you must send us a pic of valid u.s. id when shipping to an address other than your billing address. average box dimensions= 54x8x30. weights: road bike=25lbs, mountain bike/hybrid=35lb boxed wt. (*shipitapo.com and myus.com are not affiliated with bikesdirect.com and have separate policies) q: can i ship to an address that is not the billing address of my credit card? (back to top of page click here) a: we value our customers and use avs (address verification system) to ensure that there is no misuse of credit card information/fraud. this means that we ship to the billing address as registered with your credit card company. this protects not only us but you also. if you need to ship to an alternate address, please click "change" which can be found next to your billing address during the checkout process. you may enter your shipping address there however you will be required to provide a valid u.s. id as proof you are the actual cardholder. we will send you an email requesting this id. if you miss the spot to change your address, please email us immediately at bikesdirectbikes@aol.com as bikes ship out very quickly. any order that comes through with a shipping address different from the billing may possibly be flagged and delay your shipment. the cardholder will be required to proved a valid u.s. id. we will send you an email requesting this id. canadians only you must have a u.s. delivery address. most canadian customers use a ups store close to the border or a friend or family member in the u.s. you will not be able to order through our website as it does not accept international cards. to pay, please download, fill out and send in the fax form below instead of placing an order online or you can purchase the bike by calling 904-249-2453 m-f 9-5pm e.s.t. click here to download fax form canada- limited availability. click here for information, duty and tax is customers responsibility. q: is there a re-stocking charge if i return the bike? (back to top of page click here) a: no re-stock fees if the bike is returned in new condition and packaged as originally sent to you. keep the box and packing in case this occurs. please contact us for proper return instructions. please see our satisfaction guarantee for details. customer pays all shipping costs involved. any changes to orders may incur a minimum $11.00 fee in order to stop the shipment and change the order before it ships. if a change is made and the bike has already been shipped we may ask you to pay the shipping we incurred to send the bike to you. (shipping is "free" and included in the price of the bike if you keep the bike) what if one refuses the shipment or was unable to sign for it? for most bikes, this would incur a $50 fee which is part of the cost of the return shipment. for much larger bikes such as fatbikes and the largest 29ers this return fee would be $100. q: is there a restocking fee if i change my mind or order the wrong bike. (back to top of page click here) a: any changes to orders may incur a minimum $11.00 fee in order to stop the shipment and change the order before it ships. if a change is made and the bike has already been shipped we may ask you to pay the shipping we incurred to send the bike to you. (shipping is "free" and included in the price of the bike if you keep the bike) q: can i track my order? (back to top of page click here) a: most customers will have tracking emailed to them shortly after the item is shipped. but, due to the nature of our business, orders are shipped from one of many locations and sometimes, we cannot offer immediate tracking. if an order is overdue (see time frame for shipping above) please contact us and we will obtain the tracking number for you or start a trace... as needed. if you don't hear from us, check to make sure you are emailing bikesdirectbikes@aol.com, use a different email address, check your spam filters or send us a fax to 904-249-3987 with a brief note and your contact phone numbers. q: what if a bike is damaged in shipment? (back to top of page click here) a: if there is obvious damage to the box, please make note of it and take photos. we will need to see the box so please save it and all packing materials. if the damage is obvious, please contact us by email to bd4servicecenter@aol.com or fax to 904-249-3987. please inspect all packages prior to assembly for correct delivery, size, color, missing parts, hidden damage etc. assembly is the customers sole responsibility. many customers save money and assemble bikes themselves or choose to pay someone for assembly. bikesdirect will not be responsible for third party work/fees incurred for assembly, packing or otherwise. third party fees will not be credited nor refunded. why do my wheels need truing? this is part of normal set-up. just like when a piano is shipped - wheels may need some truing/tuning. if you discover shipping damage that was not immediately apparent within 7 days, please notify us via e-mail or fax and we will work out a solution. we pack the bikes quite well and ups does a good job at moving them but... what if an item/part is missing? please inspect all packages prior to assembly for correct delivery, size, color, missing parts, hidden damage etc. claims for delivery damage issues cannot be made after 7 days from delivery date. keep the box and packing in case you need to return the whole bike. within 30 days of purchase, let us know and we will send a comparable replacement part/item. missing items/parts noticed after 30 days may be replaced at a nominal price. damages noticed after 30 days must be submitted to warranty claims per manufacturer's terms. q: i am buying more than one bike. is there a multi-bike discount? (back to top of page click here) a: you are already getting it. with high volume and low overhead everyone gets the multi-bike discount. note: don't see the sale price? simply, refresh your browser and add to cart. the sale price should show. don't miss out - see more great savings on bikes, >>click here<< the friendly folks at bikesdirect.com ©bikesdirect.com free ship 48 no tax collected 48 states | save up to 60% off at bikesdirect.com