来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231090411/http://www.shoptiques.com/info/faq
================================================================================

shoptiques — frequently asked questions bag bag love box account browse: home what's new boutiques dresses tops bottoms jackets & blazers outerwear accessories bags shoes jumpsuits & rompers activewear swimwear intimates sale sign in sign out contact us privacy policy terms of use categories: all dresses holiday lbd mini maxi strapless work daytime evening party time editors' picks categories: all tops long sleeve short sleeve sleeveless sweaters tees & tanks blouses & shirts tunics casual work categories: all bottoms jeans & denim pants shorts skirts leggings & tights categories: all intimates bras panties sleepwear other categories: all accessories jewelry scarves belts hats & gloves sunglasses other categories: all bags black handbags clutches & evening shoulder bags totes wallets categories: all shoes boots booties flats pumps & heels wedges sandals sneakers call us: (646) 368-9685 register / login my account order history account settings invite friends, get $15 logout love box bag (0) your bag is empty free shipping over $100 & free returns shoptiques.com shop the world's best boutiques free shipping over $100 & free returns you have less than 1 hour of free shipping left! invite friends, get $15 what's new discover boutiques neighborhoods clothing all clothing dresses tops bottoms jumpsuits & rompers jackets & blazers outerwear activewear swimwear intimates accessories all accessories jewelry scarves belts hats & gloves sunglasses home decor other bags all bags black handbags clutches & evening shoulder bags totes wallets shoes all shoes boots booties flats pumps & heels wedges sandals sneakers sale lookbooks holiday shoptiques.com about us how it works contact us free returns shipping rates boutique sign up size & fit fabric guide careers press faqs frequently asked questions are the prices on shoptiques.com different from the in-store boutique prices? no, all prices on shoptiques.com are the same as they are in the boutiques. we require full price transparency between what stores are charging customers at their physical boutiques as on shoptiques.com. what is the “pick-up in store” shipping option? if the boutique is on your way home, or you are going to be in the boutique’s area in the near future, you can purchase the item online and select the option to “pick-up in store”. this will ensure the item is reserved for you and when you arrive at the store, you can try it on and pick it up. all “pick-up in store” options can be returned right there at the store or exchanged for another item. an item is out of stock. will you be getting more in stock/is there a way i can still order it? because most of shoptiques.com items are unique or one-of-a-kind, we do not restock most pieces. however, our customers’ happiness is very important to us, so if you email our stylists at stylist@shoptiques.com, we will do everything in our power to work with a boutique to find you that special piece. why do i have to register to make a purchase? registering with us helps speed up the ordering process and allows you to keep track of your orders and refunds online. you can browse without registering, but when you proceed to checkout, you will be asked to register. registering with us allows you to do all of the following: track your orders and review past purchases request your return or exchange directly from your account build a customized love box to create personalized outfits and birthday wish lists that you can email to friends and family add sold-out items to your love box so you can see when the items become available again save your address and credit card details so you can shop even more quickly next time manage your account details, boutiques you follow and credit you have available on shoptiques.com. to create an account, simply click here to fill in your desired account information: www.shoptiques.com/account what is your shipping policy? do you ever offer free shipping? we currently ship to the united states, canada, france, united kingdom and australia. we have just one checkout process and one shipping cost no matter how many boutiques you choose to shop from (3, 5, 10, 20!). you will receive tracking numbers for all packages. we use ups for all u.s. domestic orders and dhl for international orders. we offer free shipping on all orders over $100 within the u.s. we offer a $15 flat rate shipping for international orders. read our shipping guidelines for more information. what is your return policy? we hope that you love your new order from shoptiques.com. if for any reason you’re not completely satisfied, we want to make it as easy as possible for you to return your item and receive your refund. we accept all unworn merchandise with the original tags attached within 14 days from the day you have received your package. please follow the directions below to start the return process. log in to shoptiques.com, click on “my account”, select "order history" and then “start a return” to get started. you will then be given a pre-paid shipping label and return authorization number. pack the item(s) in its original packaging and include the return number in your package. please drop off your package at a ups ground location for any purchases made from boutiques in the united states. for any purchases made from parisian boutiques, follow the instructions during the return process to schedule a dhl pickup time that’s convenient for you. upon receiving your package, we will refund the full amount to your original form of payment within 5-7 business days. how long do returns and refunds take to process? once we have received your package, your refund will be processed within 5-7 business days. you will be notified via email at the email address listed on your account when your order was placed. please note that your banking institution may require additional days to process and post this transaction to your account once they have received the information from us (typically 1-5 business days). original shipping charges are non-refundable. i have store credit. how do i go about using it? to use your store credit, please follow the easy steps below: sign into your shoptiques.com account. you should see the store credit on the "my account" page. upon checkout, the store credit will automatically be deducted from your order total. if you do not use the entire store credit, the remainder will go back into your shoptiques.com account to be used on future purchases. store credits never expire, so you can save some points for your future indulgence. do you have gift cards available? we do offer gift cards! they are available both through electronic delivery that you can send instantly to a recipient by email or physical delivery that we can mail for you in a shoptiques.com pink box. please go to gift cards to start your gifting process. gift card holders can redeem the gift card for products on shoptiques.com. gift cards never expire. how can i redeem a gift card? congratulations on receiving a gift card! it's wonderful to be loved! in order to redeem your gift card, please use the following steps: please go to http://www.shoptiques.com/redeem please enter your 15 digit code into the space provided on the screen your gift card amount will appear as credit on the top right corner of the screen. enjoy discovering the best one of a kind finds! where can i enter a promotional code? yeah!! for receiving your promo code! you must be super special! in order to use your promotional code, please follow these easy steps: please go to your shopping cart at the left lower corner, please click on "use promo code" please enter your promo code provided in the box that popped in and click "apply". is there a way that i can cancel or change my order? how? we may be able to cancel or change your order, but you’ll need to contact us as soon as possible after placing your order. please call us at (646) 368-9685 or email us at support@shoptiques.com. if it is too late for us to cancel your order, return your order using our standard return policy. if you would like to add items to an order you already placed, just email us and we will refund you for the cost of shipping on your second order. when will my order ship? how can i check the status on it? most orders ship within 2 business days of purchase. shipping times may vary due to availability of merchandise. orders are not shipped on the weekends or holidays. as soon as your order ships, you will receive an email confirmation with tracking details to the email address you entered when ordering. if for some reason you did not receive an email, please check your spam folder and add support@shoptiques.com to your safe-sender list. you can also check your order status by signing into your account on our website. where do you get all the merchandise? where is it made? all of the merchandise is selected by the boutique owners. many boutiques carry their own label or buy from emerging, niche or local designers. each has a distinctive style that reflects the owners’ discerning eye and creative vision. many boutique owners also search the globe to bring you the most unique items from indie designers all over the world. i had an item in my shopping cart and continued to shop, and when i tried checking out, the item was sold out. why did this happen? items placed in your shopping cart, unfortunately, are not held or reserved for you until you submit your order completely. given all of the pieces are unique and available in very small quantities, they sell out quickly, so if you find something you like we recommend purchasing it as quickly as possible to avoid competition from other shoppers online and at the actual physical boutiques. however, we will try our very best (pinkie promise!) to find you that item, so just email us at support@shoptiques.com. i received my order, but i am missing an item/this is not what i ordered. how can we fix this? please note that your order will come in several shipments as each boutique ships your order separately. if after receiving all of the boxes, you are still missing an item, please email us at support@shoptiques.com. we aim to get your order right every time but we do occasionally make mistakes. if we have made a mistake, we will reimburse you for all of the shipping costs and will ensure you receive the right item. we will probably send you a surprise for all of the trouble! who doesn’t love little surprises! is there a sales tax charge? great question! because shoptiques.com aggregates the most extraordinary boutiques from all over the world, the sales tax will depend on the city, state and country of the boutique’s location and your shipping address. what is the “talk to stylists” feature? how can stylists help me? our stylists are fashionable trendsetters who are ready to help with any style or fashion advice. uncertain about the fit of an item, what’s appropriate to wear for an occasion you are planning, or how to wear this piece or what to pair it with? we’re here to help! send us your picture or what inspires you, and a stylist will work with you one-on-one to find the best boutique fashions to fit your dreams and lifestyle! what type of content is on shoptiques.com? what kind of things can your stylists help me with? shoptiques.com’s online magazine, the edit, which include our blog and videos, is filled with inspirational content on style and fashion to make sure you are always in the know! we help you get through the clutter of the fashion world to find style that really works for you. we are your source for inspiration, advice and information on everything fashion and style related provided by our editorial team. subscribe to our youtube channel for some inspirational videos, how-tos, and boutique trailers. customer support contact us size & fit fabric guide privacy policy free returns shipping rates boutique sign up terms of service company information about us how it works careers faq gift card press affiliates discovery dash shoptiques newsletter copyright © 2011 - 2013 shoptiques, inc. all rights reserved. shoptiques and shoptique are trademarks of shoptiques inc. biggerwardrobe? secret sales are only announcedto our email subscribers. thank you! welcome to shoptiques, jet-setter! enjoy the discovery of one-of-a-kind finds from the best local boutiques from paris to new york! let’s go shopping! gorgeous, don’t forget to pick the size & color! we've added it for you! continue shopping checkout × added to your bag proceed to purchase