来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161226105138/http://www.shoptiques.com/info/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy — shoptiques bag bag love box account search browse: home what's new boutiques dresses sweaters tops jackets, coats & blazers jumpsuits & rompers swimwear bottoms skirts shorts accessories bags shoes home & gifts sale trends sign in sign out contact us privacy policy terms of use united states australia canada netherlands united kingdom france argentina belgium bermuda china costa rica denmark dominican republic finland germany guatemala hong kong ireland israel italy japan korea, republic of luxembourg mexico new zealand norway poland saudi arabia singapore sweden taiwan, province of china thailand united arab emirates categories: all dresses mini midi maxi wrap dress slip sweater off the shoulder lace denim suede casual cocktail night out knee lbd work formal floral printed strapless short sleeve long sleeve wedding wear categories: all tops long sleeve short sleeve sleeveless crop tops button down blouses & shirts off the shoulder work night out casual bodysuits tunics tees & tanks graphic tees categories: all sweaters v-neck turtleneck cowl neck crew & scoop neck cardigans cashmere sweatshirts & hoodies ponchos & capes sweater dresses categories: all bottoms jeans & denim pants & leggings categories: all jeans & denim skinny boyfriend slim flare & wide leg straight distressed ankle jeggings high-waisted overalls black jeans grey jeans white jeans categories: all pants & leggings skinny straight slim leggings bootcut flare & wide leg joggers black cropped leather high-waisted categories: all lingerie & sleepwear bras panties camisoles chemises & slips robes shapewear sleepwear tights lingerie accessories categories: all accessories jewelry scarves & wraps hats hair accessories winter accessories sunglasses bridal accessories socks umbrellas belts travel tech keychains & charms categories: all jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets rings watches fine jewelry personalized jewelry boxes & accessories categories: all necklaces chokers delicate statement necklaces layered lariat pendant categories: all earrings ear cuffs hoops studs statement categories: all bags totes clutches bucket cross body shoulder & hobo backpacks black handbags satchel contemporary wallets & wristlets cosmetic pouches beach ready categories: all clutches casual evening categories: all shoes booties boots flats pumps & heels wedges sandals sneakers categories: all booties flat heeled black lace up categories: all boots over the knee flat heeled black rain and cold weather knee high categories: all flats ballet loafers & oxfords boat shoes espadrilles slippers categories: all pumps & heels low heel mid heel high heel black open toe platform pumps slingback categories: all sandals flat flip flops gladiator heeled platform categories: all sneakers athletic low top high top slip on categories: all home & gifts home decor gifts gift cards categories: all home decor pillows & throws wall art towels bedding rugs lighting dining candles & scents frames vases holiday decorative objects outdoor categories: all dining serveware glassware flatware dinnerware table linens table accessories kitchen tools barware categories: all gifts books stationery & office scents & bath odds & ends gifts by occasion categories: all gifts by occasion birthday entertaining & new home just because wedding & engagement baby & kids categories: all swimwear one-piece two-piece tops bottoms monokini cover ups categories: all tops bandeau balconet padded racerback triangle underwire bralette categories: all bottoms brazilian cut full coverage high-waisted hipster boyshorts string bottoms categories: all skirts mini knee midi maxi suede leather a line pencil denim categories: all shorts denim printed high-waisted mini knee categories: all jackets, coats & blazers jackets coats bombers vests faux fur & fur kimonos & wraps categories: all jackets blazers denim leather suede categories: all coats trenches peacoats parkas & puffers categories: all jumpsuits & rompers jumpsuits rompers shoptiques.com shop the world's best boutiques shoptiques.com united states australia canada netherlands united kingdom france argentina belgium bermuda china costa rica denmark dominican republic finland germany guatemala hong kong ireland israel italy japan south korea luxembourg mexico new zealand norway poland saudi arabia singapore sweden taiwan thailand united arab emirates free shipping over $100 & free returns call us: +1 (646) 368-9685 register / login my account order history account settings share the world, earn $$ complete registration logout love box bag(0) your bag is empty free shipping over $100 & free returns no thanks what's new shop by price: below $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $200 $200 + all shop by size: xs s m l xl plus boutiques boutiques: jasmin & orchid cañamiel au cabaret vert milano cupid & beau miye collazzo la boutique noire aimee explore boutiques... destinations: new! buenos aires new! tel-aviv new! berlin new york city paris london san francisco more... clothing clothing: all clothing dresses tops sweaters bottoms shorts skirts jackets, coats & blazers jumpsuits & rompers bridal swimwear activewear lingerie & sleepwear plus size shop by size: xs s m l xl plus the wedding shop the travel shop accessories accessories: all accessories all jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets rings scarves & wraps hats winter accessories bridal accessories socks sunglasses tech the travel shop shop by price: below $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $200 $200 + all bags bags: all bags totes shoulder & hobo clutches cross body backpacks satchel shop by color: beige black blue brown green grey orange pink purple red turquoise white yellow multicolor shoes shoes: all shoes pumps & heels sandals flats wedges booties all boots over the knee boots flat boots heeled boots loafers & oxfords sneakers size: 5 5.5 6 6.5 7 7.5 8 8.5 9 9.5 10 10+ home & gifts by category: all home decor candles & scents pillows & throws wall art dining decorative objects the travel shop gift cards gifts for... host & hostess mom coworker her has it all by occasion: birthday entertaining & new home just because wedding & engagement baby & kids the wedding shop trends featured: how to layer like a pro blue monday 100+ dresses under $100 paris for one trend to try: metallics trend to try: floral frenzy more... sale shop by: biggest discount newest price: low-high price: high-low shop by: clothing accessories shoes bags home & gifts search view in our app privacy policy this privacy statement and policy applies to the online electronic commerce services of: shoptiques, inc. 40 west 25 street 8th floor new york, ny 10010 shoptiques is committed to protecting your privacy. the information collected from our site helps us better understand our market and consumer interests. this allows us to serve our customers with the level of satisfaction they deserve. if you have questions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy or our privacy practices please send an email message to privacy@shoptiques.com. disclaimer & privacy policy. the information we collect through our site helps us provide you with information specific to your needs and interests. this privacy policy (the "privacy policy") covers the shoptiques website (the "site"). please read below to review our privacy policy and the types of information we gather through our site. shoptiques, inc ("shoptiques", 'we', 'our', 'us') respect the privacy rights of its online visitors ('you', 'your', 'yours') and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about them. by visiting the site, you accept the practices described in this privacy policy. how does shoptiques gather and use information? cookies. cookies are pieces of data assigned by a web server that uniquely identify the browser on your pc. websites typically use temporary cookies called "session" cookies to ensure that you are recognized when you move from page to page within one site and that any information you have entered is remembered. for example, if an e-commerce site did not use session cookies then items placed in a shopping basket would disappear by the time you reach the checkout. websites also use cookies called "persistent" cookies to enable a website to remember you on subsequent visits, speeding up or enhancing your experience of services or functions offered. shoptiques attempts to install both persistent and session cookies when a user arrives at our site. cookies enable our systems to gather information about your navigational patterns through the site. viewers have the option to accept or disable cookies at any time through their browsers. visit the "help" portion of your toolbar for more information. if you block or refuse to accept cookies, or delete cookies between visits to the site, you may not be able to access or use certain features or functions of our site. server statistics. we collect general statistics to track user trends on our site. these statistics include hits to our server, the types of browsers used to access our site, page views, and navigational patterns. the information that is collected in this manner does not provide us with any personally identifiable information about our users. it helps us track "where" our users are coming from. this allows us to pinpoint high traffic areas and determine the most effective ways to communicate with our users. as part of that ongoing analysis, shoptiques also uses devices called "web beacons" to help us identify when emails sent to you have been received and read. in order to prevent the introduction of viruses and hackers into the shoptiques site we may collect information, such as ip addresses, into a log file to be used to identify potential hackers of the shoptiques site. personal information you provide us. for the purposes of this privacy policy, "personal information" is any information that identifies you, would enable someone to contact you, or that describes your relationship with shoptiques. we collect and store personal information when you register to use our site, ask a question, complete a form, conduct a transaction, or send us an email. while you are not required to submit any information to our site, if you do not provide the requested information, you may not be able to access or use some of the features and functions of our site and we may not be able to provide you with certain services. shoptiques uses your personal information to complete transactions, respond to your requests, deliver the products and services you request, and notify you of promotions, updates, or special offers (which may be offered by shoptiques via email) that we think may interest you. if you are already receiving shoptiques.com emails and no longer wish to receive such communications, simply follow the "unsubscribe" instructions that appear in every shoptiques.com e-email. what security procedures does shoptiques use to protect personal information? we use physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to assist us in preventing unauthorized access, maintaining data accuracy, and correctly using your personal information. except as specified in this privacy policy, we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to your personal information to the employees, agents, and officers of shoptiques who need the information for their jobs. will shoptiques disclose the information it collects to outside parties? shoptiques may share information with its subsidiaries and other affiliated companies, and with other carefully selected vendors (boutiques) and business partners with whom we work (collectively, "site affiliates"). this includes companies that offer affinity, frequent-user, and reward programs; and, companies that perform marketing services and other business operations for us (including providing goods and services to our users, as necessary to complete transactions you request). all companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep all information confidential and to use the customer information only to provide the services we ask them to perform for you and us. we may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third party vendors, but these statistics do not include personal information. we may disclose personal information we collect from you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary (a) to obey the law or comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates; (b) to protect and defend our rights or property or the rights or property of other users of our site; or (c) to act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of users of our site or the public. on a limited basis, we may also disclose your personal information to certain site affiliates for their use in contacting you, when we reasonably believe their products or services are complementary to your interests or shoptiques's business. external links. other companies or organizations may have links to their sites on our site. we are not responsible for how these other companies or organizations collect, use, disclose, or secure the information that you provide them. if you choose to access a third party site linked to our site, you do so at your own risk and subject to any terms of service or privacy policy (if any) associated with such third party sites. legal purchase age. if you are under 18, we require that you inform a parent or guardian about shoptique’s privacy policy and terms and conditions as well as requiring their consent to the privacy policy and terms and conditions before registering with shoptiques or placing an order with shoptiques. consent to processing in the united states. by providing any personal information to shoptiques, all users, including, without limitation, users in canada and the member states of the european union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this privacy policy and to the transfer of such personal information across international borders in accordance with shoptiques’s standard operations, including the collection, storage, and processing of such information in the united states of america. your california privacy rights. as provided by california civil code section 1798.83, a california resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("california customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. in general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a california customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. however, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. except as expressly stated in this privacy policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting in to receive information from a third party that is participating in some activity describes on our site. if you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific activity, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. to prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personal information on our site. please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. if you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. you should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. california customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing californiaprivacy@shoptiques.com. please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address. business transfer. in the event that shoptiques, any entity or business unit in the shoptiques group of companies, or any of their assets, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. the terms of this privacy policy will continue to apply to your personal information that is transferred to the new entity. modification and notification of changes. shoptiques may at our sole discretion edit this privacy policy. if, and only if, we make a material modification to this privacy policy, it will notify you as follows: sending an email to the address associated with your account. shoptiques is not responsible for your failure to receive an email due to the actions of your isp or any email filtering service; therefore, you should add shoptiques.com to the list of domains approved to send you email (commonly known as your "whitelist"); and displaying a prominent announcement above the text of this privacy policy for thirty (30) days, with (i) and (ii) being deemed sufficient notification, of such changes. after notice of a modification to the privacy policy has been posted for 30 days, the notice will be removed and a brief description of the modification and the date that it went into effect will be placed in the historical modifications section at the end of the privacy policy. if you have not used the site for more than 30 days, you should check privacy policy prior to any further use of the site. should you wish to terminate your account due to a modification to the privacy policy, you may do so by sending an email with the subject line "termination" to the following email address: support@shoptiques.com. if you choose to continue using the site, you agree that by doing so you will be deemed to accept the new privacy policy, as relevant. your consent. by visiting shoptiques.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this privacy policy and the terms and conditions. historical modifications. 10/1/2011 initial version posted. customer care contact us shipping information returns & exchanges size & fit guide gift cards faqs invite friends, get $15 the company the blog about us careers press affiliates privacy policy terms & conditions boutiques new boutique sign-up create a website boutique login #shopstagram our boutiques don't miss out © copyright 2011 - 2017 shoptiques, inc. all rights reserved. made with in nyc. usd hello, united states! shoptiques.com is the one-and-only place to shopthe world’s best boutiques online. take advantage of: free shipping on orders over $100 24/7 help we’re here to answer all your questions: support@shoptiques.com or call +1 (646) 368-9685 start shopping we've added it for you! continue shopping checkout × added to your bag proceed to purchase show off that , girl! now that you have discovered these items, why not pin to a board for everyone to see! share it × added to your bag proceed to purchase