来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171227002617/https://www.shoptiques.com/info/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy — shoptiques x bag bag love box account search browse: home what's new boutiques dresses sweaters tops jackets, coats & blazers jumpsuits & rompers swimwear bottoms skirts shorts activewear lingerie & sleepwear accessories bags shoes home gifts maternity & nursing bridal sale trends get $15 designers sign in sign out contact us privacy policy terms of use about us united states australia canada netherlands united kingdom france argentina belgium bermuda china costa rica denmark dominican republic finland germany guatemala hong kong ireland israel italy japan korea, republic of luxembourg mexico new zealand norway poland saudi arabia singapore sweden taiwan, province of china thailand united arab emirates categories: all baby baby girl baby boy categories: all baby girl one-piece sets caps & hats dresses tops bottoms bibs & burp cloths blankets bath time outerwear swim shoes sleepwear socks accessories categories: all tops graphic tees sweaters categories: all bottoms jeans pants leggings shorts skirts categories: all baby boy one-piece caps & hats tops bottoms bibs & burp cloths blankets bath time outerwear swim shoes sleepwear socks accessories sets categories: all tops graphic tees sweaters categories: all bottoms jeans pants shorts categories: all girls dresses bottoms tops outerwear rompers & jumpsuits shoes swim sleepwear socks & underwear accessories sets categories: all bottoms jeans pants leggings shorts skirts categories: all tops sweaters tees & tanks sweatshirts categories: all boys bottoms tops outerwear shoes swim sleepwear socks & underwear accessories suits sets categories: all bottoms jeans pants shorts categories: all tops sweaters shirts polos tees & tanks graphic tees sweatshirts categories: all toys doll and accessories stuffed animals action figures construction toys learning & education games hobbies vehicles dress up & pretend arts & crafts categories: gifts all gift collections baby shower gifts baby gifts (0-2 years) for girls for boys for mom christmas gifts birthday gifts tooth fairy gifts greeting cards gift cards categories: by age newborn 3-6m 6-12m 12-18m 18-24m 2-4 years 4-6 years 6-8 years 8-10 years 10-14 years categories: by occassion all occasion collections birthdays baptism family celebrations flower girl vacation school categories: by brand kenzo paul smith dolce & gabbana molo foque granlei 1980 dolce petit angel dear cesar blanco bailey boys categories: all dresses maxi mini midi off the shoulder slip fit & flare sheath shift wrap dress bodycon kaftans t-shirt halter a-line floral cut-out lbd categories: all tops crop tops off the shoulder basics button downs blouses & shirts boho bodysuits tunics tees & tanks graphic tees embroidered peplum lace floral categories: all sweaters v-neck turtleneck cowl neck crew & scoop neck cardigans cashmere sweatshirts & hoodies ponchos & capes categories: all bottoms jeans & denim pants & leggings categories: all jeans & denim boyfriend skinny slim straight bootcut flare & wide leg jeggings mom jeans categories: all pants & leggings black skinny slim leggings straight bootcut flare & wide leg joggers & sweatpants leather trousers categories: all accessories jewelry scarves & wraps hats hair accessories winter accessories sunglasses bridal accessories socks umbrellas belts travel tech keychains & charms categories: all jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets rings watches fine jewelry personalized jewelry boxes & accessories categories: all necklaces chokers delicate statement necklaces layered lariat pendant categories: all earrings ear cuffs hoops studs statement categories: all belts skinny wide waist buckles categories: all bags backpacks black totes clutches bucket cross body shoulder & hobo satchels top handle wallets & wristlets mini bags saddle cosmetic pouches beach ready baby bags luggage and travel categories: all clutches box novelty pouch evening categories: all shoes flats pumps & heels mules & clogs wedges sandals booties boots rain boots sneakers categories: all flats ballet black espadrilles loafers & oxfords slippers boat shoes pointed toe categories: all pumps & heels black mules open toe platforms pumps slingbacks block heels pointed toe strappy party & evening bridal categories: all wedges sandals booties boots categories: all sandals black espadrilles flat flip flops gladiator heeled platforms slides wedges block heel categories: all booties black cold weather flat heeled lace up categories: all boots black over the knee cold weather flat heeled knee high & riding lace up moto & combat wedges categories: all sneakers athletic high-tops low-tops slip-ons categories: all home & gifts home decor gifts gift cards categories: all home decor pillows & throws wall art towels bedding rugs lighting dining candles & scents frames vases holiday decorative objects outdoor categories: all dining serveware glassware flatware dinnerware table linens table accessories kitchen tools barware categories: all gifts books stationery & office scents & bath odds & ends gifts by occasion categories: all gifts by occasion birthday entertaining & new home just because wedding & engagement baby & kids categories: all swimwear one pieces & monokini bikinis tops bottoms cover ups categories: all one pieces & monokini one-piece monokini categories: all tops bandeau halter balconet padded racerback triangle underwire bralette categories: all bottoms brazilian cut full coverage high-waisted boyshorts string bottoms side tie categories: all skirts denim leather velvet suede a-line pencil & bodycon skater pleated categories: all shorts denim printed high-waisted mini knee bermuda destroyed categories: all activewear sports bras tops jackets leggings pants shorts categories: all lingerie & sleepwear bras panties camisoles chemises & slips robes shapewear sleepwear tights & stockings lingerie accessories categories: all bras bandeau bralette push-up rackerback wireless strapless categories: all panties thongs & g-strings bikinis & briefs boyshorts high-waisted categories: all maternity & nursing dresses tops bottoms activewear & swim lingerie & sleepwear nursing categories: all jackets, coats & blazers blazers bombers moto military trenches peacoats parkas & puffers anoraks kimonos & wraps vests categories: all jumpsuits & rompers jumpsuits rompers categories: all jumpsuits off the shoulder denim floral printed categories: all rompers off the shoulder denim lace floral printed free shipping over $100 & free returns through january 5 | read more united states australia canada netherlands united kingdom france argentina belgium bermuda china costa rica denmark dominican republic finland germany guatemala hong kong ireland israel italy japan south korea luxembourg mexico new zealand norway poland saudi arabia singapore sweden taiwan thailand united arab emirates call us: +1 (646) 368-9685 register / login my account order history account settings share the world, earn $$ complete registration logout no thanks 0 your bag is empty free shipping over $100 & free returns what's new shop by price: below $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $200 $200 + all shop by size: xs s m l xl plus boutiques boutiques: swartz fine fashions sail loft clothing y&i clothing boutique soap&water newport apricot lane - anchorage racine love bfree explore boutiques... destinations: new york city mexico city sydney london paris los angeles san francisco more... clothing clothing: all clothing tops & blouses sweaters dresses jumpsuits & rompers jackets & blazers outerwear bottoms skirts activewear swimwear lingerie & sleepwear maternity & nursing plus size shop by size: xs s m l xl plus the wedding shop the travel shop shoes shoes: all shoes boots booties flats mules loafers & oxfords sneakers pumps & heels wedges rain & snow boots sandals sale shoes size: 5 5.5 6 6.5 7 7.5 8 8.5 9 9.5 10 10+ bags bags: all bags crossbody totes clutches & evening backpacks shoulder & hobo shop by color: beige black blue brown green grey orange pink purple red turquoise white yellow multicolor accessories accessories: earrings necklaces bracelets rings personalized jewelry scarves hats winter accessories umbrellas sunglasses travel phone cases & tech shop by price: below $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $200 $200 + all home by category: candles & scents pillows & throws dining decorative objects wall art all categories gifts: gift cards most popular gifts gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts under $200 gifts $200 + by occasion: birthday christmas wedding anniversary baby shower housewarming personalized corporate gifts trends featured: trend to try: high shine editors' picks $200+ editors' picks under $200 editors' picks under $100 editors' picks under $50 shop your style: trendy more... designers top designers bb dakota clara sunwoo dolce vita free people just black marchesa rag & bone umgee designers a-z a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # sale shop by: biggest discount newest price: low-high price: high-low shop by: all sale clothing shoes accessories bags home & gifts view in our app 0 shoptiques privacy policy shoptiques is committed to protecting your privacy. the information collected from our site helps us better understand our market and consumer interests. this allows us to serve our customers with the level of satisfaction they deserve. if you have questions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please send an email message to privacy@shoptiques.com. shoptiques, inc. will only use your data to improve your experience with us. we will protect your data. protecting your privacy: at shoptiques, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of all of our customers and site visitors. we appreciate and respect how important privacy is. if you have any questions about how we protect your privacy, contact us at privacy@shoptiques.com. for all our services, the data controller (the company that’s responsible for your privacy) is shoptiques, inc. how we use your information: we use your information in a number of different ways — what we do depends on the information. the tables below set this out in detail: your name and contact details how we use your name & contact details why? deliver your purchases to you we need this information to deliver your products to you send you service messages by text, e-mail or through our app, such as order updates we need to be able to communicate with you regarding important updates like order information, shipping tracking details, etc sending you information by email, text, or mail, about our new products and services to keep you up to date. we only send this with your permission fraud prevention and detection to prevent and detect fraud against either you or shoptiques.com – unfortunate, but absolutely essential showing you shoptiques.com advertisements as your browse the web so you can see our latest products and deals finding out what you, and other customers, like to ensure we are giving you what you want, and to stay ahead of the competition your date of birth information how we use your date of birth why? birthday promotions to celebrate your birthday with an additional discount fraud prevention and detection to prevent and detect fraud against either you or shoptiques.com – unfortunate, but absolutely essential your payment information (this means your card’s security/cvv code) how we use your payment information why? take payment, and give refunds we need to collect this information to process transactions and deliver our awesome! products to you! we do not store your credit card information. stripe, our credit card processing partner, stores all of the credit card information securely! fraud prevention and detection to prevent and detect fraud against either you or shoptiques.com – unfortunate, but absolutely essential your contact history with us how we use your contact history why? provide customer service and support you expect the best service from us and we want to deliver train our staff so you get the best possible customer service purchase history and saved items how we use your purchase history and saved items why? sell you things that’s the business we are in provide customer service and support, and handle returns this is what you have come to expect from us finding out what you and other customers like to ensure we are giving you what you want and to stay ahead of the competition information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our websites and apps how we use information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our websites and apps why? improve our website and set default options for you (such as language and currency) to give you the best possible shopping experience protect our website to prevent and detect fraud against either you or shoptiques.com and to meet our legal obligations about looking after your data information from accounts you link to us - what we do if you link your facebook account to us how we use information from accounts you link to us why? to enable you to log into our website simply and easily without having to create a specific account to make it easier for you to use shoptiques.com and purchase those items you want to provide product recommendations so you can quickly spot things which you like your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions how we use your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions why? run the survey, competition or promotion we need to use this information to select a winner. if we can’t use your entry, you can’t possibly win! you don’t have to give us any of this personal information! if you don’t provide this information, however, you may not be able to buy from the site, and you are unlikely to receive our best customer experience. but that is your choice and we respect that. we also anonymize and aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our it systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and app, and developing new products and services. we also share this information with third parties. sharing your information: we do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party, including your name, address, email address or credit card information. we want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that. however, we share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement: companies in the shoptiques, inc. group, such as the boutiques that are on our platform, as sometimes different bits of our group are responsible for different activities; companies that do things to get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies; professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts, who help us run our business; credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies, companies approved by you, such as social media sites, marketplace sellers and stripe or paypal. we may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymized information and analytics about our customers and, before we do so, we will make sure that it does not identify you. how we use your information: if you have said we can, we’ll send you marketing messages by email or sms (short message service), to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products. how to stop marketing messages from shoptiques.com: through your account settings by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email or by contacting our customer service at support@shoptiques.com. once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t receive further marketing messages. please note that as shoptiques comprises a complex web of many inter-connecting services, it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request. stopping marketing messages will not stop service communications. seeing advertisements for shoptiques.com online: we also engage in online advertising, also to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products. like many other companies we target shoptiques (& shopkids) banners and ads to you when you are on other websites and apps. we do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and we use a range of advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks. the banners and ads you see will be based on information we hold about you, or your previous use of shoptiques (or shopkids) (for example, your shoptiques search history, and the content you read on shoptiques) or on shoptiques banners or ads you have previously clicked on. your information and countries outside europe: the usa is not a country in respect of which there is a european commission decision of adequacy, and we protect your privacy and your rights through the use of the european commission’s standard data protection clauses. more information about these is available here http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:32010d0087. keeping your information: we’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with our customer service team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only. if reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account, or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you. your rights: you have a lot of rights relating to your personal information: the right to be informed about how your personal information is being used; the right to access the personal information we hold about you; the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you; the right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances; the right to stop direct marketing messages and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time; the right to request we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider; the right to complain to your data protection regulator; if you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us at support@shoptiques.com or privacy@shoptiques.com changes to how we protect your privacy: we may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data. if we make significant changes, we will make that clear on shoptiques.com, shopkids.com or other shoptiques services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use shoptiques, inc properties. what about cookies?: we use cookies when you visit our site. there are four main types of cookies: (1) site functionality cookies – these cookies allow you to navigate the site and use our features, such as “add to bag” and “lovebox”; (2) site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyze how our customers use the site, to improve both its functionality and your shopping experience; (3) customer preference cookies – when you are browsing or shopping on shoptiques.com, these cookies will remember your preferences (like your language or location), so we can make your shopping experience as seamless as possible, and more personal to you; (4) targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to you. they also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. by using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. legal purchase age: if you are under 18, we require that you inform a parent or guardian about shoptiques inc.’s privacy policy and terms and conditions as well as requiring their consent to the privacy policy and terms and conditions before registering with shoptiques.com or placing an order with shoptiques.com. international data transfer: shoptiques is a global organization, and some of your data may be transferred internationally. although data protection laws of various countries may differ from your own, we will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is handled as described in this statement and in accordance with the law. your california privacy rights: as provided by california civil code section 1798.83, a california resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("california customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. in general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a california customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. however, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. except as expressly stated in this privacy policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting in to receive information from a third party that is participating in some activity describes on our site. if you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific activity, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. to prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personal information on our site. please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. if you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. you should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. california customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing californiaprivacy@shoptiques.com. please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address. business transfer: in the event that shoptiques, inc., any entity or business unit in the shoptiques inc. group of companies, or any of their assets, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. the terms of this privacy policy will continue to apply to your personal information that is transferred to the new entity. modification and notification of changes: shoptiques, inc. may at our sole discretion edit this privacy policy. if, and only if, we make a material modification to this privacy policy, it will notify you as follows: a. sending an email to the address associated with your account. shoptiques, inc. is not responsible for your failure to receive an email due to the actions of your isp or any email filtering service; therefore, you should add shoptiques.com to the list of domains approved to send you email (commonly known as your "whitelist"); and b. displaying a prominent announcement above the text of this privacy policy for thirty (30) days, with (i) and (ii) being deemed sufficient notification, of such changes. after notice of a modification to the privacy policy has been posted for 30 days, the notice will be removed and a brief description of the modification and the date that it went into effect will be placed in the historical modifications section at the end of the privacy policy. if you have not used the site for more than 30 days, you should check privacy policy prior to any further use of the site. should you wish to terminate your account due to a modification to the privacy policy, you may do so by sending an email with the subject line "termination" to the following email address: support@shoptiques.com. if you choose to continue using the site, you agree that by doing so you will be deemed to accept the new privacy policy, as relevant. your consent: by visiting shoptiques.com and/or shopkids.com, or downloading our apps: shoptiques and/or shopkids on the appstore, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this privacy policy and the terms and conditions. historical modifications: 10/1/2011 original privacy policy posted. 5/24/18 this current version posted. how to contact us: we always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel we’ve let you down or could do better). if you have any questions or feedback about this notice, or would like us to stop using your information, or want to exercise any of your rights as set out above or have a complaint please don’t hesitate to contact our customer service team at support@shoptiques.com, who will be happy to answer any questions you may have. you can contact our privacy team by dropping us a line at privacy@shoptiques.com. or if you’d like to, you can write to us at: shoptiques, inc., 75 broad st. suite 1010, new york, ny 10004, attn: chief operating officer or chief executive officer. get the app find us on get $10 off + happiness in an email form brands we love alexis amanda uprichard ark & co. bb dakota bcbgeneration black swan blu pepper do & be dolce vita double zero elan endless rose entro for love & lemons free people gentle fawn honey punch jealous tomato johnny was joie just black l'atiste lilly pulitzer loeffler randall lovers + friends lush mhgs mackage mara hoffman minkpink mustard seed mystic mystree olivaceous pinkyotto rag & bone rebecca minkoff ryu seychelles she + sky umgee velvet wooden ships xtaren ya los angeles top categories to discover dresses mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses black dresses floral dresses casual dresses best dresses under $50 best dresses under $100 best dresses under $200 guest dresses for wedding prom dresses jumpsuits & rompers swimwear plus size dresses plus size clothing jackets, coats & blazers tops casual tops tunics sweaters cardigans crew & scoop neck sweaters blouses & shirts maternity & nursing clothing unique gifts for mom unique gifts for her unique gifts for host and hostess unique gifts for sister unique gifts for a coworker the best gifts under $100 the best gifts under $200 christmas gifts stocking stuffers unique birthday gifts housewarming gifts just because gifts wedding and engagement gifts personalized gifts gift cards about shoptiques about us careers press affiliates the blog privacy policy merchant agreement terms & conditions new boutique sign-up shoptiques pos customer care contact us shipping information returns & exchanges size & fit guide gift cards faqs invite friends, get $15 our boutiques designers boutique login contact phone: 646.368.9685 email: support@shoptiques.com hours mon — fri, 9am — 8pm et sat, 10am — 7pm et © copyright 2011 - 2018 shoptiques, inc. all rights reserved. made with in nyc. usd hello, united states! shoptiques.com is the one-and-only place to shopthe world’s best boutiques online. take advantage of: free shipping on orders over $10000 24/7 help we’re here to answer all your questions: support@shoptiques.com or call +1 (646) 368-9685 start shopping we've added it for you! continue shopping checkout × added to your bag proceed to purchase show off that , girl! now that you have discovered these items, why not pin to a board for everyone to see! share it × added to your bag proceed to purchase