来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241226142118/https://shoptiques.com/policies/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – shoptiques skip to content facebook instagram tiktok pinterest free shipping on all orders over $100 sell on shoptiques search account search cart new arrivals boutiques shop the world shop small we pride ourselves in working with small shops accross the world. each and every product on shoptiques is sold by a local boutique, and orders are packed with love by them, for you. discover boutiques boutique locator dresses all dresses mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses spring dresses evening gowns dresses under $100 holiday dresses winter's best dressed clothing clothing all clothing tops jumpsuits & rompers jackets, coats & blazers dresses matching sets shorts skirts bottoms sweaters specialty lingerie & sleepwear activewear swimwear bridal the knit list bundled up shoes all shoes booties boots flats mules & clogs pumps & heels sandals sneakers wedges ugg shop birkenstock accessories accessories 🕶️ all accessories 🆕 beauty hair accessories hats belts scarves & wraps sunglasses bags 👛 all bags cross body totes wallets & wristlets backpacks clutches jewelry 💎 all jewelry bracelets earrings fine jewelry necklaces rings handbags home view all scents & bath pillows & throws dining wall art decorative objects festive finds candles & scents gifts jellycat gift cards kids shop all kids baby toys boys girls for the girls for the boys mens all mens mens top mens bottoms mens outerwear mens accessories mens shoes mens grooming mens new arrivals mens under $50 designers top designers view all do & be entro amanda uprichard z supply mable z supply lilly pulitzer sale shop by size xs s m l xl plus sale by category sale dresses sale tops sale by price under $50 $50-$100 $100-$200 $200 or more privacy policy shoptiques is committed to protecting your privacy. the information collected from our site helps us better understand our market and consumer interests. this allows us to serve our customers with the level of satisfaction they deserve. if you have questions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please send an email message to privacy@shoptiques.com. shoptiques, llc. will only use your data to improve your experience with us. we will protect your data. protecting your privacy: at shoptiques, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of all of our customers and site visitors. we appreciate and respect how important privacy is. if you have any questions about how we protect your privacy, contact us at privacy@shoptiques.com. for all our services, the data controller (the company that’s responsible for your privacy) is shoptiques, llc. how we use your information: we use your information in a number of different ways — what we do depends on the information. the tables below set this out in detail:your name and contact details how we use your name & contact details why? deliver your purchases to you we need this information to deliver your products to you send you service messages by text, e-mail or through our app, such as order updates we need to be able to communicate with you regarding important updates like order information, shipping tracking details, etc sending you information by email, text, or mail, about our new products and services to keep you up to date. we only send this with your permission fraud prevention and detection to prevent and detect fraud against either you or shoptiques.com – unfortunate, but absolutely essential showing you shoptiques.com advertisements as your browse the web so you can see our latest products and deals finding out what you, and other customers, like to ensure we are giving you what you want, and to stay ahead of the competition your date of birth information how we use your date of birth why? birthday promotions to celebrate your birthday with an additional discount fraud prevention and detection to prevent and detect fraud against either you or shoptiques.com – unfortunate, but absolutely essential your payment information (this means your card’s security/cvv code) how we use your payment information why? take payment, and give refunds we need to collect this information to process transactions and deliver our awesome! products to you! we do not store your credit card information. stripe, our credit card processing partner, stores all of the credit card information securely! fraud prevention and detection to prevent and detect fraud against either you or shoptiques.com – unfortunate, but absolutely essential your contact history with us how we use your contact history why? provide customer service and support you expect the best service from us and we want to deliver train our staff so you get the best possible customer service purchase history and saved items how we use your purchase history and saved items why? sell you things that’s the business we are in provide customer service and support, and handle returns this is what you have come to expect from us finding out what you and other customers like to ensure we are giving you what you want and to stay ahead of the competition information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our websites and apps how we use information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our websites and apps why? improve our website and set default options for you (such as language and currency) to give you the best possible shopping experience protect our website to prevent and detect fraud against either you or shoptiques.com and to meet our legal obligations about looking after your data information from accounts you link to us - what we do if you link your facebook account to us how we use information from accounts you link to us why? to enable you to log into our website simply and easily without having to create a specific account to make it easier for you to use shoptiques.com and purchase those items you want to provide product recommendations so you can quickly spot things which you like your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions how we use your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions why? run the survey, competition or promotion we need to use this information to select a winner. if we can’t use your entry, you can’t possibly win! you don’t have to give us any of this personal information! if you don’t provide this information, however, you may not be able to buy from the site, and you are unlikely to receive our best customer experience. but that is your choice and we respect that. we also anonymize and aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our it systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and app, and developing new products and services. we also share this information with third parties. sharing your information: we do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party, including your name, address, email address or credit card information. we want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that. however, we share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement: companies in the shoptiques, llc. group, such as the boutiques that are on our platform, as sometimes different bits of our group are responsible for different activities; companies that do things to get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies; professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts, who help us run our business; credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies, companies approved by you, such as social media sites, marketplace sellers and stripe or paypal. we may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymized information and analytics about our customers and, before we do so, we will make sure that it does not identify you. how we use your information: if you have said we can, we’ll send you marketing messages by email or sms (short message service), to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products. how to stop marketing messages from shoptiques.com: through your account settings by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email or by contacting our customer service at support@shoptiques.com. once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t receive further marketing messages. please note that as shoptiques comprises a complex web of many inter-connecting services, it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request. stopping marketing messages will not stop service communications. seeing advertisements for shoptiques.com online: we also engage in online advertising, also to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products. like many other companies we target shoptiques (& shopkids) banners and ads to you when you are on other websites and apps. we do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and we use a range of advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks. the banners and ads you see will be based on information we hold about you, or your previous use of shoptiques (or shopkids) (for example, your shoptiques search history, and the content you read on shoptiques) or on shoptiques banners or ads you have previously clicked on. your information and countries outside europe: the usa is not a country in respect of which there is a european commission decision of adequacy, and we protect your privacy and your rights through the use of the european commission’s standard data protection clauses. more information about these is available here http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:32010d0087. keeping your information: we’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with our customer service team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only. if reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account, or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you. your rights: you have a lot of rights relating to your personal information: the right to be informed about how your personal information is being used; the right to access the personal information we hold about you; the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you; the right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances; the right to stop direct marketing messages and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time; the right to request we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider; the right to complain to your data protection regulator; if you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us at support@shoptiques.com or privacy@shoptiques.com changes to how we protect your privacy: we may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data. if we make significant changes, we will make that clear on shoptiques.com, shopkids.com or other shoptiques services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use shoptiques, inc properties. what about cookies?: we use cookies when you visit our site. there are four main types of cookies: (1) site functionality cookies – these cookies allow you to navigate the site and use our features, such as “add to bag” and “lovebox”; (2) site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyze how our customers use the site, to improve both its functionality and your shopping experience; (3) customer preference cookies – when you are browsing or shopping on shoptiques.com, these cookies will remember your preferences (like your language or location), so we can make your shopping experience as seamless as possible, and more personal to you; (4) targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to you. they also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. by using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. legal purchase age: if you are under 18, we require that you inform a parent or guardian about shoptiques inc.’s privacy policy and terms and conditions as well as requiring their consent to the privacy policy and terms and conditions before registering with shoptiques.com or placing an order with shoptiques.com. international data transfer: shoptiques is a global organization, and some of your data may be transferred internationally. although data protection laws of various countries may differ from your own, we will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is handled as described in this statement and in accordance with the law. your california privacy rights: as provided by california civil code section 1798.83, a california resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("california customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. in general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a california customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. however, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. except as expressly stated in this privacy policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting in to receive information from a third party that is participating in some activity describes on our site. if you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific activity, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. to prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personal information on our site. please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. if you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. you should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. california customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing californiaprivacy@shoptiques.com. please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address. business transfer: in the event that shoptiques, llc., any entity or business unit in the shoptiques inc. group of companies, or any of their assets, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. the terms of this privacy policy will continue to apply to your personal information that is transferred to the new entity. modification and notification of changes: shoptiques, llc. may at our sole discretion edit this privacy policy. if, and only if, we make a material modification to this privacy policy, it will notify you as follows:a. sending an email to the address associated with your account. shoptiques, llc. is not responsible for your failure to receive an email due to the actions of your isp or any email filtering service; therefore, you should add shoptiques.com to the list of domains approved to send you email (commonly known as your "whitelist"); andb. displaying a prominent announcement above the text of this privacy policy for thirty (30) days, with (i) and (ii) being deemed sufficient notification, of such changes. after notice of a modification to the privacy policy has been posted for 30 days, the notice will be removed and a brief description of the modification and the date that it went into effect will be placed in the historical modifications section at the end of the privacy policy. if you have not used the site for more than 30 days, you should check privacy policy prior to any further use of the site. should you wish to terminate your account due to a modification to the privacy policy, you may do so by sending an email with the subject line "termination" to the following email address: support@shoptiques.com. if you choose to continue using the site, you agree that by doing so you will be deemed to accept the new privacy policy, as relevant. your consent: by visiting shoptiques.com and/or shopkids.com, or downloading our apps: shoptiques and/or shopkids on the appstore, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this privacy policy and the terms and conditions. historical modifications:10/1/2011 original privacy policy posted.5/24/18 this current version posted. how to contact us: we always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel we’ve let you down or could do better). if you have any questions or feedback about this notice, or would like us to stop using your information, or want to exercise any of your rights as set out above or have a complaint please don’t hesitate to contact our customer service team at support@shoptiques.com, who will be happy to answer any questions you may have. you can contact our privacy team by dropping us a line at privacy@shoptiques.com. or if you’d like to, you can write to us at: shoptiques, llc., 41 east 11th street 11th floor new york, ny 10003, attn: chief operating officer or chief executive officer. the website uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via sms. mobile terms of service shoptiques | shop local boutiques last updated: feb. 21, 2023 the shoptiques | shop local boutiques mobile message service (the "service") is operated by shoptiques | shop local boutiques (“shoptiques | shop local boutiques”, “we”, or “us”). your use of the service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“mobile terms”). we may modify or cancel the service or any of its features without notice. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these mobile terms at any time and your continued use of the service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. by consenting to shoptiques | shop local boutiques’s sms/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring sms/text messages from and on behalf of shoptiques | shop local boutiques through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal do not call list. text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). promotional messages may include promotions, specials, new styles, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders). you understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with shoptiques | shop local boutiques. your participation in this program is completely voluntary. we do not charge for the service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. message frequency varies. message and data rates may apply. check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. you are solely responsible for all charges related to sms/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider. you may opt-out of the service at any time. text the single keyword command stop to +18776637086 or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. you'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. no further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. if you have subscribed to other shoptiques | shop local boutiques mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. for service support or assistance, text help to +18776637086 or email support@shoptiques.com. we may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the service at any time and will notify you of these changes. you acknowledge that any messages, including any stop or help requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages. the wireless carriers supported by the service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. you agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. if you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service. we respect your right to privacy. to see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our privacy notice. free delivery over $99 your nearest store gift cards about shoptiques founded in 2012, shoptiques lets you shop the world's best local boutiques online. each and every product is sold by an independently owned boutique. facebook instagram tiktok pinterest quick links search about us privacy policy terms of service refund policy shipping & delivery size & fit guide boutique admin merchant login dmca takedown request all boutiques by state gift cards 🆕 become a collaborator newsletter sign up for exclusive offers and more. subscribe amazon american express apple pay diners club discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay visa country/region germany (eur €) germany (eur €) © 2024 shoptiques. | designed by material retail 💜✨ your cart close checkout close your cart is empty start shopping