来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141228123759/http://www.tequipment.net/service/faq/
================================================================================

faq's | tequipment.net skip to main content an interworld highway, llc company salesteam@tequipment.net call us 1.877.571.7901 my account login log out log out* test order status how to order quote cart cart all products top 20 departments:accessories antennasattenuatorsbatteries and chargersblower door and duct testingcables - misccartscasescase and cart accessoriescoaxial cables dry block bath insertsenclosure accessoriesgas detection accessoriesgeneral accessorieshvac accessories jacks /adapters /plugs /clips /terminators/coaxial adapter kitsalligator clipsbanana jacksbanana plugsbreakoutsclip insulatorcoaxial adaptershook clipskelvin clipspincer clipsrf adapterstelecom clipsterminatorslan / telecom connectors and plugsmisc connectors / adapters lab accessorieslcr test fixturesled and lcd displaysmanualsmicrophonesmicroscope accessoriesmotorsoptionspreamps / preamplifierspressure calibrator modules probes logic probesmultimeter probesoscilloscope probesrf probestemperature probes shuntsrack mounts and stands test standsbroadcast armrack mounts repair parts and fusessoldering accessoriessoftwareswitch and semiconductor modules/accesstest leads and instrument accessory kits alligator test leadsbanana type test leadsbnc type leadskelvin test leadshook test leadslead wireinstrument accessory kitslead racksmicroleadspincer test leadstelecom test leadstweezer test leadsmisc test leads thermal imager accessoriestraining courses/cds/booksvoltage transformerwarranty and calibration clamp meters clamp meterscurrent clamp adaptors / current clamps dataloggers data acquisition current dataloggersdataloggers for environmental variables temperature dataloggershumidity dataloggersco dataloggerspressure dataloggers data recordersmultifunction dataloggerspower dataloggers run time dataloggersvoltage datalogger environmental testers / physical property anemometer / air flowbarometers and altimeterschlorine testerdissolved oxygen meter / fluorideemf / elf meterheat index monitorshumidity metershygrometersmoisture metersph meterspsychrometer refractometers / brixscales / weightsound level metersstopwatches / timers / clockswater quality meters-conductivity / salinityweather measurement signal generators / counters am / fm signal generatorsaudio generatorsfrequency countersfunction generatornoise generatorspulse generatorrf signal generator ground testers ground clamp meters3 pole / 4 pole ground testers hvac equipment and instruments hvac tab - testing - adjusting - balancing airflow capture hood - balometerhvac manometers and micromanometers hvac manifolds and gauges draft gaugeshvac manifolds hvac vacuum pumpsrefrigerant leak detectorsrefrigerant recovery machines hvac equipment - misc a/c superheat subcool system analyzerscharging scaleheater blankets (hvac)hvac/r measurement kitsrefrigerant identifiersthermostat lcr meters / impedance measurement products capacitance testerslcr metersinductance analyzersimpedance analyzersresistance meters leakage detectors microwave leakage detectorultrasonic leak detectors megohmmeter / insulation resistance testersmicro-ohmmeter / milliohmmeter micro-ohmmeter / dlro / bond testingmilli-ohmmeter multimetersoscilloscopes digital oscilloscopesanalog oscilloscopesmixed signal oscilloscopes (mso)pc based oscilloscopesportable oscilloscopestop selling oscilloscopes power measurement power quality analyzerpower loggersenergy management power displaysrf / microwave power meterssolar analyzervoltage event recorderswatt meter power supplies ac power suppliesdc power supplies / lab power suppliesac/dc power supplieselectronic loadsuninterruptible power supply (ups) process / calibration frequency calibratorsmilliamp calibratorsmultifunction calibratorspressure calibration calibration pumpsdeadweight testerspressure calibratorsprocess pressure gauges pressure transmitterssignal calibrators loop calibratorsvoltage calibrators temperature calibration digital thermometer readoutsinfrared calibrators / blackbodiesrtd calibratorstemperature bathsthermocouple calibrators radiometric chroma meterslcd analyzerled analyzerlight meters / illuminance metersluminance meterspectroradiometeruv meter safety testing / surge testing hipot testerground bond testersleakage current testersimpulse / surge testersmedical device safety testers soldering equipment soldering equipmentbga rework stationdesoldering equipment/rework stationsdispensing equipmentfume extractionhot air gunslead forming equipmentnozzlespre-heatersoldering pots soldering standsstatic controltips spectrum analyzers spectrum analyzersfield strength meters tdr and cable length metersthermal imagers building and industrial thermal imagersdriver vision vehicle thermal imagersfire first responder thermal imagersfixed mount thermal imagershunting and outdoor thermal imagerslaw enforcement thermal imagersmarine thermal imagersthermal imager ir windows video test equipment rasterizersvideo signal generatorwaveform monitors 3d printing 3d printers3d printer filaments3d printer accessories clearancesee all 200 departments!brands# - a 3d systemsaccumacaccutrakacr systemsadaptiveadash americaadvanced fiberaemcagilentairy technologiesaltekamicroamprobe anaheimaoipapplied instrumentsargusarmadaauburnav toolbox b - e b&w casesbacharachbeehivebestscopebk precisionbwbyte brotherscal testcompliance westcompuvideocookedelmhorstdigitron digivacdranetzdwyere instrumentseagle eyeeclipse toolseetoolselencoemersonericsonetiextechez digital f - h fieldpieceflirflukefluke networksgeneral toolsghzoptikglobal specialtiesgmegossen metrawattgossengraphtecgti predictivehakko hameghammondhart scientifichiokihobo by onsethovercamht instruments i - l idealiet labsinnoventionsinstekiwatsuiwhjanatekkaltmankanomaxkeithleykenwoodkestrelknight kocchilascarleaderleaptronixlecroyleicalibertyltl acornluxo m - o mark-10marshallmartelmastercoolmaynuomeggermeiji technomeriammetexmicro tempmilwaukeemonarchmyron l nknorthwest instrumentoc whiteohausowl p - r p3 internationalpaladin toolspalmerpanavisepelicanphenixpicotestpieplatinum toolsplattpmkpomonaprocomsol promaxprotekproximaramsey electronicsraytekreedremconretrotecrhopointrigolrobinairrohde & schwarz s - t santronicsstorage battery systemsscienscopeseawardshimposiglentsimpsonskfsperrysteinelsummit technologyteledyne lecroyt3 innovations technetektronixtelevestestotiftime electronicstpitripletttsi alnorttitvbtechtvone u - z ueiunisourcevellemanversatile powervitrekwahlwahl solderingwatts upwellerwilcomxeltekxitronyokogawa featured brands » featured brands clearanceresources » learn about products in our video library!  click here top categories > oscilloscopes multimeters power supplies thermal imagers generators all home faq's email print this page share faq's customer service view faq's contact us check order status faq categories payment information / placing an order how can i send in a purchase order? how long does it take to get approved for net 30? did you receive my purchase order? i sent over a po, when will i get confirmation? i am a net 30 customer with terms. do i need to send a physical purchase order? i cannot change a po to reflect freight, what should i do? does your company accept terms? what is your tax id#? can i use more than one credit card? what payment methods do you accept? do you accept diners club? can i use a personal check to pay for my order? i have a daily limit on my corporate card, is there a way to process the payment over several days? i am not comfortable sending my credit card over the internet. why do you need it? how can i make a payment using paypal? can i buy it now and you bill me for it later? international orders i received a quote, how can i place the order? i received the proforma from the salesman and i want to make a wire transfer. how long until the wire is received and my order can be processed? i am an international customer, can i purchase from you? your company charged me a $25 bank fee, but i don’t see that reflected in my order? can you put that on the invoice or refund me the $25? my country places high taxes on imported goods. can you please change the invoice to reflect only $100, or state that it is a gift? i want to order fluke products but i live overseas. i work at a school in another country, can i get educational pricing? i am in another country and i need to import this item, can you quote me without vat? shipping when is my order going to ship? what is my tracking number? i placed an order to ship via usps. how long is that going to take to arrive at my location? how will my product be shipped with free shipping? i should be given free shipping per your website. why am i being charged? can i ship it overnight (2nd day, three day, etc)? can i ship using my fedex/ups or dhl account #? can i ship with my own freight account? stock / availability does your website show stock? why has my ship date been pushed back? your website said these parts were in stock- why are they delayed? when i called last week i was told my order would ship in 3-5 days but now it says it won’t ship for 2 weeks? i told my customer the date you gave me and now they are fining me due to your delays. can you expedite shipping at your expense? is everything in stock? general questions how can i check to see what we ordered previously? how do i go about canceling my order? what is your return policy? why are there two charges on my credit card? are all your products new on your website new? can i rent a product? how do i get a price quote? where is your company located? how do i check order status and get invoice copies online? questions and answers payment information / placing an order how can i send in a purchase order? you can send a purchase order via email to orders@tequipment.net, fax it to 732-222-7088 or mail it in. we also accept purchase orders online once a net 30 account has been established. back to top how long does it take to get approved for net 30? normally the process takes 7-10 business days, but it could be longer or quicker depending on how quickly your references get back to us. a good tip is to notify your references in advance, if possible, that someone from our accounting department will be contacting them. if you need the order processed quicker, you can pay for the first order with another method of payment, such as a credit card. if items are backordered, we cannot order the units for you until we receive notification that net 30 has been approved or another form of payment is used. back to top did you receive my purchase order? please allow 24 hours for your purchase order to be processed. you can then check our orderstatus module for the ship date and copy of your sales order. should you not see your order online, please contact customer service at orderstatus@tequipment.net or call us at 1-877-571-7901 to confirm your po has been received. back to top i sent over a po, when will i get confirmation? thank you for your purchase order! you will receive an e-mail confirmation once your sales order has been processed. once you receive an email containing your sales order number you can log into our website to check status. back to top i am a net 30 customer with terms. do i need to send a physical purchase order? yes. company policy states you must email or fax in a purchase order. this policy is in place to protect both our customers and ourselves from any discrepancies. having a po confirms what is being ordered, the price of the item(s) you are ordering and where you would like your items shipped. back to top i cannot change a po to reflect freight, what should i do? please have the purchasing agent whose signature is on the po send us an email stating “we accept the freight costs in the amount of $xx.xx. please add to our po#....” back to top does your company accept terms? yes, please complete and submit our online credit application and include all bank and trade references. if you need a copy of our credit application, please contact our customer service team and they will assist you. please return the completed application with your bank and trade references to us via fax, 732-222-7088 or email, creditapp@tequipment.net. please allow 7-10 business days for your application to be completed. please understand the approval process depends on how quickly your references return information to us. should we have questions, our accounting department will contact you. back to top what is your tax id#? 20-2111443 back to top can i use more than one credit card? yes however each credit card must be in your name and billing address. back to top what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, m/c, discover and amex. we also accept bank transfers and payments via paypal. you can submit a payment via paypal by sending the payment to paypal@tequipment.net please make sure you reference your quote or order number when submitting the payment so the funds may be applied correctly. back to top do you accept diners club? no, at this time we currently do not accept diners club credit cards. back to top can i use a personal check to pay for my order? please note we do not accept certified check or banks draft; us postal money orders only. back to top i have a daily limit on my corporate card, is there a way to process the payment over several days? yes, please call customer service to place the order and provide them with your daily limit. order processing will be able to run your card in accordance with your limit. your order however will remain on credit hold until the card is run for the amount owed. back to top i am not comfortable sending my credit card over the internet. why do you need it? we may need written proof of billing information and a copy of the front and back of your applicable credit card. we cannot process international credit card orders without receiving certain necessary information, which we will tell you when you contact us. we will also inform you of the method by which you can send this information to us. do not send payment information containing credit card numbers or financial account information via unencrypted email or fax. sending sensitive payment information through unencrypted email may not be secure, and we will not be responsible for any loss associated with that practice. on international orders, we will only ship to the address to which the credit card account is billed. please reference your order number on your fax or email. back to top how can i make a payment using paypal? you can submit a payment via paypal by sending the payment to paypal@tequipment.net please make sure you reference your quote or order number when submitting the payment so the funds may be applied correctly. back to top can i buy it now and you bill me for it later? our company offers net 30 terms. please complete and submit our online credit application along with your bank and trade references. if you need a copy of our credit application, please contact our customer service team and they will assist you. please return the completed application with your bank and trade references to us via fax, 732-222-7088 or email, creditapp@tequipment.net please allow 7-10 business days for your application to be completed. please understand the approval process depends on how quickly your references return information to us. should we have questions, our accounting department will contact you. back to top international orders i received a quote, how can i place the order? you may place your order by clicking the "place order" button located at the bottom right hand corner of your quote. this will send you directly to checkout and allow you to place your order online. back to top i received the proforma from the salesman and i want to make a wire transfer. how long until the wire is received and my order can be processed? international wire transfers can take up to 5 business days to be safely deposited into our account. once the monies are received, your order will be entered into our system. your order will be entered and processed according to our standard international orders protocol at this time. any other sort of deposits (ach, eft, direct deposits) for domestic customers normally take 1-2 days. your order will then be entered and confirmed. please try to reference proforma/quote number/order number when filling out the transfer/deposit paperwork with your bank as that will help expedite the process. back to top i am an international customer, can i purchase from you? yes, please see our terms and conditions for details. please note there is a $399 minimum on international orders. you may also be asked to provide additional information when your order is received. should you choose not to provide the additional documentation associated with international credit cards, you also have the option of paying for your order via bank transfer or by paypal. back to top your company charged me a $25 bank fee, but i don’t see that reflected in my order? can you put that on the invoice or refund me the $25? unfortunately, that bank fee is charged by the bank, not by us, and we have to pass that fee onto our customers. we cannot alter the invoice to match what you paid because often we do not receive the full amount and have to adjust our invoice/order to match what we received from the bank. back to top my country places high taxes on imported goods. can you please change the invoice to reflect only $100, or state that it is a gift? our sales orders and invoices are all system generated, and we cannot alter any invoices to reflect different pricing for customs clearance. this is illegal as per the us export guidelines and could result in severe fines imposed on both the shipper and the receiver. back to top i want to order fluke products but i live overseas. we are authorized to sell and ship fluke products only within the united states. we apologize for the inconvenience and will be happy to offer you comparable non-fluke items. back to top i work at a school in another country, can i get educational pricing? unfortunately at this time we can only offer edu pricing to schools in the us. back to top i am in another country and i need to import this item, can you quote me without vat? we don’t include vat in our pricing. you would be responsible for any taxes your country charges to import an item. back to top shipping when is my order going to ship? what is my tracking number? you can access your information by logging into my account section of our site. if you do not have an account set up you can register or use the single order lookup by email address by typing in the email address you used for your order and your order number. once your order has shipped, the email address on the account will receive an invoice including the tracking number of the items that have shipped. back to top i placed an order to ship via usps. how long is that going to take to arrive at my location? we only ship via the us postal service from our long branch, nj warehouse. items that need to ship from any other location cannot ship via usps. if you require your order to ship via usps, the items will need to be shipped to our warehouse first, then re-ship to your location. alternately, you can select a different carrier or if the order is placed via usps, we will request your approval to ship via a different carrier so you can receive your items quicker. also please note that while usps does provide tracking, their system is only updated at certain points in the route, and you may receive the items sooner or later than their system indicates. back to top how will my product be shipped with free shipping? with free shipping, your product will be shipped via ups or fedex ground. back to top i should be given free shipping per your website. why am i being charged? if your order contains items which do not qualify for the free shipping you will be charged the cost to ship those items. please see our policy for a list of products which qualify. back to top can i ship it overnight (2nd day, three day, etc)? yes, as long as the product is in stock. all express orders, overnight, second day, and three day deliveries placed by phone must be received by 2:00pm eastern standard time in order for us to attempt to ship it out same day. back to top can i ship using my fedex/ups or dhl account #? yes, please send us an email with your company name, address and account number stating you authorize tequipment.net to ship using your account. we will verify your account with the carrier. back to top can i ship with my own freight account? yes you can however you will have to provide a completed bol and have your freight company contact us at 1-877-571-7901 to schedule the pick-up. back to top stock / availability does your website show stock? at this time our website does not provide stock information for all products. you will however receive an email confirmation with your estimated ship dates once your order is processed. back to top why has my ship date been pushed back? at times we are waiting on shipments from the manufacturers who may encounter part or component issues in manufacturing the products. this may cause a delayed ship date as the unit must pass quality control before shipping out. while we do our best to get your products out to you quickly, these manufacturer delays are unfortunately out of our control. back to top your website said these parts were in stock- why are they delayed? we apologize for any miscommunication however, it is possible that the unit reflecting stock was allocated to another order. we send an email once your order is processed with estimated shipping dates. back to top when i called last week i was told my order would ship in 3-5 days but now it says it won’t ship for 2 weeks? we try to ship your order on the same day we receive it. we ship only on standard business days. if your shipment is time-sensitive, please call before ordering to confirm that we will be able to meet your requirements. we will make all reasonable efforts to initiate shipment and schedule delivery as close as possible to your requested delivery date(s). however, please keep in mind that our delivery dates are estimates only and shipments may be affected by factors outside our control that we cannot be responsible for delays or shipping errors caused by the shipment carriers. orders may not be canceled or rescheduled after the order has been submitted by tequipment.net to the shipment carrier. back to top i told my customer the date you gave me and now they are fining me due to your delays. can you expedite shipping at your expense? please contact our customer service team at orderstatus@tequipment.net or call us at 1-877-571-7901 and our representatives will assist you. back to top is everything in stock? we make every effort to keep ample stock on hand for frequently ordered items. in addition to the stock we have available in our main shipping facilities, we also have access to several smaller warehouses located throughout the united states. due to the vast amount of items offered on our site as well as custom built offerings, immediate stock availability is not guaranteed. if you need your item delivered urgently, please contact one of our customer service representatives to assist you. back to top general questions how can i check to see what we ordered previously? you can log into your account by going to my account section on our website. back to top how do i go about canceling my order? please contact our customer service team at orderstatus@tequipment.net or call us at 1-877-571-7901 and they will assist you with this matter. back to top what is your return policy? you can find our return policy here.  you will also find the an electronic rma form that can be completed and submitted online. if there are any issues that require immediate assistance, please contact rma@tequipment.net or call 732-222-7077 back to top why are there two charges on my credit card? when you place the order online an authorization is taken on the credit card. you will be invoiced and your credit card charged as your order ships. the original authorization taken at the time your order was placed is a hold to insure the funds are available. the authorization will drop off anywhere from 5-45 days after the card is authorized depending upon your financial institutions regulations. please contact them for their policy. back to top are all your products new on your website new? yes, all products on our website are new unless noted. at times we offer specials on factory refurb items. back to top can i rent a product? please call our office at 732-222-7077 and ask to speak to sales about our leasing program. back to top how do i get a price quote? please email us at salesteam@tequipment.net or call us at 1-877-571-7901 with the items you are interested in along with your shipping address for accurate freight costs. back to top where is your company located? our main office is located in long branch, nj 07740.  however, we do ship from our alternate warehouses as well. feel free to contact us about your specific order if you are trying to calculate transit time. back to top how do i check order status and get invoice copies online? click order status at the top of the tequipment.net homepage or here: order status next there are three access methods: login to your account with your email and password or use the email address on the order plus the sales order or purchase order number or use the fax number on the order plus the sales order or purchase order number order status example. shows where to click for invoice copy invoice example back to top can't find what you are looking for? click here to ask your own question. ask a question about payment information / placing an order ask a question about international orders ask a question about shipping ask a question about stock / availability ask a question about general questions tequipment 205 westwood ave long branch, nj 07740 m-f 8am - 7pm est 1.877.742.8378 1.732.222.7088 (fax) salesteam@tequipment.net our story about us blog events newsletter careers store my account quote requests how to order shipping policy return policy promotions customer service live chat contact us order status credit application rma form resources all resources video library faqs site map terms & conditions sign up for our newsletter follow us on facebook youtube twitter online security site map | terms & conditions | privacy policy | copyright © 2014 tequipment.net close (x)