来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141228123759/http://www.tequipment.net/thermal-imagers/
================================================================================

thermal imagers on sale at tequipment.net | tequipment.net skip to main content an interworld highway, llc company salesteam@tequipment.net call us 1.877.571.7901 my account login log out log out* test order status how to order quote cart cart all products top 20 departments:accessories antennasattenuatorsbatteries and chargersblower door and duct testingcables - misccartscasescase and cart accessoriescoaxial cables dry block bath insertsenclosure accessoriesgas detection accessoriesgeneral accessorieshvac accessories jacks /adapters /plugs /clips /terminators/coaxial adapter kitsalligator clipsbanana jacksbanana plugsbreakoutsclip insulatorcoaxial adaptershook clipskelvin clipspincer clipsrf adapterstelecom clipsterminatorslan / telecom connectors and plugsmisc connectors / adapters lab accessorieslcr test fixturesled and lcd displaysmanualsmicrophonesmicroscope accessoriesmotorsoptionsamplifiers / preamps / preamplifierspressure calibrator modules probes logic probesmultimeter probesoscilloscope probesrf probestemperature probes shuntsrack mounts and stands test standsbroadcast armrack mounts repair parts and fusessoldering accessoriessoftwareswitch and semiconductor modules/accesstest leads and instrument accessory kits alligator test leadsbanana type test leadsbnc type leadskelvin test leadshook test leadslead wireinstrument accessory kitslead racksmicroleadspincer test leadstelecom test leadstweezer test leadsmisc test leads thermal imager accessoriestraining courses/cds/booksvoltage transformerwarranty and calibration clamp meters clamp meterscurrent clamp adaptors / current clamps dataloggers data acquisition current dataloggersdataloggers for environmental variables temperature dataloggershumidity dataloggersco dataloggerspressure dataloggers data recordersmultifunction dataloggerspower dataloggers run time dataloggersvoltage datalogger environmental testers / physical property anemometer / air flowbarometers and altimeterschlorine testerdissolved oxygen meter / fluorideemf / elf meterheat index monitorshumidity metershygrometersmoisture metersph meterspsychrometer refractometers / brixscales / weightsound level metersstopwatches / timers / clockswater quality meters-conductivity / salinityweather measurement signal generators / counters am / fm signal generatorsaudio generatorsfrequency countersfunction generatornoise generatorspulse generatorrf signal generator ground testers ground clamp meters3 pole / 4 pole ground testers hvac equipment and instruments hvac tab - testing - adjusting - balancing airflow capture hood - balometerhvac manometers and micromanometers hvac manifolds and gauges draft gaugeshvac manifolds hvac vacuum pumpsrefrigerant leak detectorsrefrigerant recovery machines hvac equipment - misc a/c superheat subcool system analyzerscharging scaleheater blankets (hvac)hvac/r measurement kitsrefrigerant identifiersthermostat lcr meters / impedance measurement products capacitance testerslcr metersinductance analyzersimpedance analyzersresistance meters leakage detectors microwave leakage detectorultrasonic leak detectors megohmmeter / insulation resistance testersmicro-ohmmeter / milliohmmeter micro-ohmmeter / dlro / bond testingmilli-ohmmeter multimetersoscilloscopes digital oscilloscopesanalog oscilloscopesmixed signal oscilloscopes (mso)pc based oscilloscopesportable oscilloscopestop selling oscilloscopes power measurement power quality analyzerpower loggersenergy management power displaysrf / microwave power meterssolar analyzervoltage event recorderswatt meter power supplies ac power suppliesdc power supplies / lab power suppliesac/dc power supplieselectronic loadsuninterruptible power supply (ups) process / calibration frequency calibratorsmilliamp calibratorsmultifunction calibratorspressure calibration calibration pumpsdeadweight testerspressure calibratorsprocess pressure gauges pressure transmitterssignal calibrators loop calibratorsvoltage calibrators temperature calibration digital thermometer readoutsinfrared calibrators / blackbodiesrtd calibratorstemperature bathsthermocouple calibrators radiometric chroma meterslcd analyzerled analyzerlight meters / illuminance metersluminance meterspectroradiometeruv meter safety testing / surge testing hipot testerground bond testersleakage current testersimpulse / surge testersmedical device safety testers soldering equipment soldering equipmentbga rework stationdesoldering equipment/rework stationsdispensing equipmentfume extractionhot air gunslead forming equipmentnozzlespre-heatersoldering pots soldering standsstatic controltips spectrum analyzers spectrum analyzersfield strength meters tdr and cable length metersthermal imagers building and industrial thermal imagersdriver vision vehicle thermal imagersfire first responder thermal imagersfixed mount thermal imagershunting and outdoor thermal imagerslaw enforcement thermal imagersmarine thermal imagersthermal imager ir windows video test equipment rasterizersvideo signal generatorwaveform monitors 3d printing 3d printers3d printer filaments3d scanners3d printer accessories3d printing softwarevalue packseducational packs clearancesee all 200 departments!brands# - a 3d systemsaccumacaccutrakacr systemsadaptiveadash americaadvanced fiberaemcagilentairy technologiesaltekamicroamprobe anaheimaoipapplied instrumentsargusarmadaauburnav toolbox b - e b&w casesbacharachbeehivebestscopebk precisionbwbyte brotherscal testcompliance westcompuvideocookedelmhorstdigitron digivacdranetzdwyere instrumentseagle eyeeclipse toolseetoolselencoemersonericsonetiextechez digital f - h fieldpieceflirflukefluke networksgeneral toolsghzoptikglobal specialtiesgmegossen metrawattgossengraphtecgti predictivehakko hameghammondhart scientifichiokihobo by onsethovercamht instruments i - l idealiet labsinnoventionsinstekiwatsuiwhjanatekkaltmankanomaxkeithleykenwoodkestrelknight kocchilascarleaderleaptronixlecroyleicalibertyltl acornluxo m - o mark-10marshallmartelmastercoolmaynuomeggermeiji technomeriammetexmicro tempmilwaukeemonarchmyron l nknorthwest instrumentoc whiteohausowl p - r p3 internationalpaladin toolspalmerpanavisepelicanphenixpicotestpieplatinum toolsplattpmkpomonaprocomsol promaxprotekproximaramsey electronicsraytekreedremconretrotecrhopointrigolrobinairrohde & schwarz s - t santronicsstorage battery systemsscienscopeseawardshimposiglentsimpsonskfsperrysteinelsummit technologyteledyne lecroyt3 innovations technetektronixtelevestestotiftime electronicstpitripletttsi alnorttitvbtechtvone u - z ueiunisourcevellemanversatile powervitrekwahlwahl solderingwatts upwellerwilcomxeltekxitronyokogawa featured brands » featured brands clearanceresources » learn about products in our video library!  click here top categories > oscilloscopes multimeters power supplies thermal imagers generators all home thermal imagers email print this page share narrow your search results search within these results categories building and industrial thermal imagers (208)law enforcement thermal imagers (31)fire first responder thermal imagers (26)thermal imager ir windows (22)marine thermal imagers (11)hunting and outdoor thermal imagers (10)driver vision vehicle thermal imagers (5)fixed mount thermal imagers (4) brands agilent (1)argus (56)dwyer (2)eagle eye (1)extech (6)flir (153)fluke (66)general tools (12)ht instruments (3)ideal (3)milwaukee (2)skf (1)testo (14)wahl (4) features what's this? free shipping special (227)on gsa contract (62)best seller (9)on clearance (2) price range less than 999.00 (29)$1000- $2000 (13)$2000 - $4000 (56)$4000 - $6000 (65)$6000 - $10000 (74)$10000 - $15000 (25)$15000 and up (62) thermal imagers previous next building and industrial thermal imagers building and industrial (commercial) thermal imagers save time, energy, reduce downtime and find problems that exist before failures or disasters occur driver vision vehicle thermal imagers driver vision thermal imagers, or vehicle thermal imagers are dashboard mount thermal imagers for locating road hazards and suspects fire first responder thermal imagers thermal imagers for first responders and fire fighters are used to locate casualties and hazards in total darkness, smoke, fog and fire fixed mount thermal imagers fixed mount thermal imagers are multi-sensor cameras primarily intended for indoor and outdoor security applications hunting and outdoor thermal imagers specialized thermal imagers for hunting and outdoor uses law enforcement thermal imagers law enforcement thermal imagers thermal imagers for law enforcement are used to locate criminals, casualties and hazards in total darkness, smoke, fog and fire marine thermal imagers specialized thermal imagers for marine and boating applications thermal imager ir windows infrared windows for thermal imagers make electrical inspections safer by reducing exposure to electrical hazards in panels top selling law enforcement top thermal imagers video compare flir hs-324 command-demohs-324 command, 19mm lens, ntsc 30 hz ... detector size: 320 x 240 sensor image frequency: 30 hz field of view: 24x18 degrees sale: $6,299.00 0 reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir 431-0006-01-00bhs-xr command (640x480) no lens: ntsc... detector size: 640 x 480 sensor image frequency: 30 hz field of view: n/a sale: $7,139.00 0 reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir hs-324 patrolhs-324 patrol, 19mm lens, ntsc 30 hz v... detector size: 320 x 240 sensor image frequency: 30 hz field of view: 24x18 degrees sale: $5,249.00 0 reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir ls64ls64 (640x512) 35mm, ntsc 30 hz detector size: 640 x 480 sensor image frequency: 30 hz field of view: 18x14 degrees sale: $5,999.00 0 reviews add to cart add to quote video compare argus tt320bargus 320 thermal torch 50 deg fov 30h... detector size: 320 x 240 sensor image frequency: 30 hz field of view: 50x37.5 degrees sale: $5,460.00 free video boroscope web price only 0 reviews add to cart add to quote compare argus p7229argus f type 9hz with 24 deg fov detector size: 320 x 240 sensor ir digital zoom: no warranty: 24 months (2 yearswhat's this?) sale: $11,300.00 free video boroscope web price only 0 reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir tg165flir tg165  ir thermometer with therma... detector size: 80 x 60 sensor thermal sensitivity: 150 mk (netd) temperature range max: 716 f sale: $499.99310 in stock! free 2-day shipping click for details 5 of 5 (2) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir e4-bflir e4-b ir camera w/msx 80 x 60 reso... detector size: 80 x 60 sensor thermal sensitivity: 150 mk (netd) temperature range max: 302 f sale: $849.0011 in stock! 5 of 5 (1) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir e4flir e4 ir camera w/msx 80 x 60 resolu... detector size: 80 x 60 sensor thermal sensitivity: 150 mk (netd) temperature range max: 482 f sale: $995.0014 in stock! free next day air click for details 5 of 5 (31) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir e6-eduflir e6 ir camera w/msx (educational p... detector size: 160 x 120 sensor thermal sensitivity: 60 mk (netd) temperature range max: 482 f list price: $2,495.00sale: $1,247.50 0 reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir e5flir e5 ir camera w/msx 120 x 90 resol... detector size: 120 x 90 sensor thermal sensitivity: 100 mk (netd) temperature range max: 482 f sale: $1,495.001 in stock! free 2-day shipping click for details 5 of 5 (15) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare flir i7flir i7 ir camera 140 x 140 resolution... detector size: 140 x 140 sensor thermal sensitivity: 100 mk (netd) temperature range max: 482 f sale: $1,995.004 in stock! 5 of 5 (3) reviews add to cart add to quote featured brands thermal imagers description thermal imagers are used to measure surface temperature and temperature differential for commercial, industrial, general, and first responder use. understand the differences between thermal imagers in this comprehensive buyer's guide. thermal imagers for law enforcement, first responders, marine safety, and home land security are used to locate criminals, casualties and hazards in total darkness, smoke, fog, and fire. they are now considered to be an essential tool and accepted worldwide for safety and enforcement searches. the use of thermal cameras offers officers a tactical and search advantage. a vehicle mounted thermal imager allows the observation and location of suspects, without revealing the officers’ location in total darkness or through smoke, moderate fog, and behind foliage. thermal imagers also increases the likelihood of identification and capture of a suspect, improving ability to track and collect important evidence, increasing the probability of locating injured or hidden casualties in a fire as well as locating the source of high temperature and possible danger. first responders and law enforcement personnel depend on having the shortest reaction time in order to gain information and to be able to assist, save or apprehend. utilizing a vehicle mounted imager offers the officer of responder a better chance of noticing suspects, criminals, animals, pedestrians, fire, and obstacles along the roadside well in advance of being in close proximity. utilizing a fixed mounted imager, for example on a building, offers much greater security and possible identification of intruders or criminals. tequipment.net has solutions for all these applications and carries the leading brands. this buyer's guide covers them in these sequential sections. building and industrial thermal imagers ir windows for building and industrial applications driver vision thermal imagers fire and first responder thermal imagers fixed mount thermal imagers hunting and outdoor thermal imagers law enforcement thermal imagers marine thermal imagers note: the fov (field of view) discussion and images in the building and industrial section have application in all camera types and is worth reviewing. building and industrial thermal imagers there are many applications for thermal imagers. they are now considered to be an essential tool utilized in many industries for evaluating operating conditions, machinery safety, and personal safety. their uses include, but are not limited to, process control, predictive maintenance, and building diagnostics as well as personal safety. they are used by consultants, electrical contractors, mechanical contractors and personal safety professionals (and first responders) in wide and varied applications around the world. the following images are representative of observations using a thermal camera. figure a: liquid level                       figure b: fuses in a circuit thermal imagers do not use visible light that the human eye might see, but measure the infrared energy, or thermal energy, radiated from their surface. since surfaces do not behave in a standard manner by which energy is radiated, we use emissivity to adjust for surface and radiated energy. the result image that you see is a combination of many variables, but always includes the lens you choose, the pixel matrix and the sensitivity of the detector. many cameras have built in unique and important characteristics. thermal imaging provides information on your system and application that otherwise would not be known until a problem becomes evident. it is an important tool to use in evaluating conditions that are important in day to day operation. for complete product information and details on what product may provide the very best results based on your needs and application, please call and speak to our certified level i thermographer and other experts. typical professions using thermal imagers building inspectors: industrial, commercial, and residential electricians and electrical contractors general contractors industrial and residential building diagnostic consultants plant and building maintenance professionals and managers hvac electrical and mechanical contractors mold remediation professionals roofing specialists typical applications for thermal imagers utility. transformers, insulators, hipots, transmission towers electrical. unbalanced loads, overloads, wiring, circuit breakers, motor windings, rotating belts, couplings, control panels, component failure, fuses, switches, circuit boards mechanical. steam traps, couplings, bearings, valves, lubrication, gearboxes hvac. ducts, furnaces, gaskets, seals, roofing building envelope confirmations equipment maintenance building energy audits process maintenance moisture & water damage recognition and restoration refractory insulation tank and vessel levels preventative maintenance predictive maintenance energy loss – heating / cooling, power, power consumption and flow transportation features to consider for thermal imagers ir resolution or pixel size thermal sensitivity netd temperature range temperature accuracy fov - field of view refresh rate (hz) focus capability - manual / automatic digital display – standard or augmented visual display systems memory and data logging capability wi-fi or bluetooth capability lens capability and interchangeability software display capability alarm capability standard or additional color palettes adjustable emissivity capability voice annotation output capability flashlight or laser capability battery life and replacement enclosure ip and cat location ratings drop test capability ir resolution (pixel array) detector resolution is based on the pixel array that each camera contains. using larger pixel arrays, 640x480, (as well as the lens “field of view” selected and any special electronics being added to the optical circuit), cameras can measure smaller targets at a longer distance that would be sharper and in greater detail. all cameras display temperature gradient. as the pixel array increase in size, the average temperature spot measured becomes smaller. this will increase the information gathered by the camera. when discussing pixel size, the specific application must be taken into consideration. please be aware that the detector resolution is different than the display resolution. it is the detector resolution that matters the most. higher resolution thermal imaging not only provides more accurate quantitative results, but it is also very important when presenting those results to customers. please see fov, “field of view” paragraph below. given a fixed pixel array, the fov will determine the detail of temperature being displayed. compare two resolutions of the same image figure 1: 60×60 pixel array, 3600 pixels     figure 2: 640×480 pixel array, 307,200 pixels compare two images at the same resolution, 640x480 pixel array, 307,200 pixels figure 1: electrical panel                                   figure 2: building thermal sensitivity the standard measurement used in thermal imaging for sensitivity is called “noise equivalent temperature difference” or netd. netd is accepted as a standard industry acronym. this measurement is basically the measure of the least temperature differential range (smallest temperature range) that the camera can detect and display. when considering cameras to use, a lower netd may offer increased visibility of temperature differentials, which in turn details smaller temperature changes in viewed objects and under test. sensitivity is commonly shown as deg c and mk (millikelvins) and when shown in the product specifications, usually indicates the camera sensitivity at a calibrated temperature, i.e. the sensitivity may read: 0.10deg c at 30°c target temperature (or ambient temperature). it should be noted that with lower sensitivity, there usually is an increase in accuracy of readings as well as increases in the details on captured images. whether there are increases in detail, product color variations, minor modifications on wall intersections or product detail specifics, a lower sensitivity is certainly an important factor you may want to consider. below are two panel board-circuit breaker images. these are not the identical images, but they are used to demonstrate the variety of results when using two different sensitivities. figure 1- is an image from a camera with 4800 pixels and a sensitivity of 0.15°c (150 mk). the general temperature differential is shown, but the detail is not as complete. compare sensitivities of two different images of electrical panels figure 1: 4800 pixels, 0.15 deg c (150 mk)  figure 2: 307, 200 pixels, 0.04 (40 mk) in figure 1, the general temperature differential is shown, but the detail is not as complete. please note that although the pixel difference details an increase in the sharpness and clarity, the sensitivity allows us to see all the specific temperature details including wiring. the choice of cameras and sensitivity is also only one of other specifications to consider. temperature range, pixel capability, application, pricing and many others may also be appropriate. temperature range the temperature range required is application specific and applies to where the thermal image camera will be used. the primary temperature range may vary since cameras can be used for a variety of applications. industrial facilities may require a higher temperature span for the equipment and operations that will be inspected and evaluated more so than that of building diagnostics. the primary troubled area of concern usually dictates temperature, but future testing, evaluations, and optional site use may also offer other temperature ranges. if using one imager for all applications, consider the minimum and maximum temperature ranges required. as a user for present and future applications, you will dictate the preferred temperature range of the camera. fov - field of view the fov or “field of view” is the area of the image that is measured and viewed on the imager screen. the lens has the greatest influence on the total view, but a larger pixel array (matrix) may provide greater detail of desired temperature gradient. compare the following illustrations. refresh (frame) rate in traditional industrial, commercial, and building diagnostics applications, refresh rate or frame rate is the accepted frames per second update for the image being transmitted to the display. rates are commonly listed as 9hz, 30hz, or 60hz. higher frame rates are usually found on cameras with better resolution as well as cameras used for first responder applications involving motion. if the application anticipates using video output, a higher refresh rate is preferred. the choice is based on application and camera specifications. display capability – standard or augmented visual display systems there are a variety of systems that are inherent in many cameras available that have the ability to augment a captured thermal display and present that display in greater and finer detail. each manufacturer offers a specialized technology that enhances picture quality. flir offers msx technology, which automatically extracts the critical details from the visible image and embosses them on to the thermal image. below is an image representative of msx display capability. the upper portion displays the enhanced display. note the detail in the upper portion. fluke offers their ir-optiflex focus system which assists the inspection process significantly faster using this revolutionary, ultra-rugged focus system. ir-optiflex offers optimum focus by combining focus-free ease-of-use from four feet (1.2 m) and beyond with the flexibility of manual focus for distances of less than four feet. the following link describes the industrial and building diagnostics capability of the fluke system. digital display with thermal display many cameras contain a digital display (much like a digital camera) as well as a thermal display. this allows increased information on site and problem areas. these cameras usually allow the operator to snap a digital picture as well as a thermal one. overlaying the images is useful in identifying the location of problems. below are “picture in picture” and “auto blend” examples of capturing both digital and thermal images at the same time. usually these features are used for visual identification of the site being evaluated as well as a thermal footprint. possible problem with a plug                             heat distribution in a breaker panel autoblend example wi-fi or bluetooth capability some thermal cameras have wi-fi or bluetooth capability to disseminate the collected thermal footprint information to other instruments, such as a pc, a smart phone or to a tablet device. these features save time compared to saving, recording, and downloading information using memory cards and digital connection cables. this feature also allows the user to instantly share images and information with co-workers and management. emissivity emissivity is the ratio of energy radiated (invisible heat) by a material to the energy radiated by a black body at the same temperature. emissivity numbers range from 0.0 to 1.0. a surface with a value of 0.10, (typical for shiny copper), radiates a much smaller amount of energy than that of the human skin, which has an emissivity of 0.98. a “black body” would have an emissivity of 1.0. if precise temperature values are desired, choose a camera with an adjustable emissivity. adjustable emissivity will offer the user an opportunity for accurate results. there are many tables available that define the emissivity for most materials that can be measured. many products have internal emissivity tables, and many camera images contain a variety of materials with different emissivity. if differential temperatures are desired (i.e. relative differences between regions being examined), emissivity, although always important, is not as critical. the camera image below shows a photo of wiring connections with the relative temperature differentials. this allows the inspector or professional to understand the heat produced in various locations of the panel. ir windows for building & industrial applications infrared windows or ir windows allow thermal imagers to be used for safer electrical inspections by reducing exposure to electrical hazards. as stated in nfpa 70e, the electrical safety standard in the workplace, all electrical locations are categorized into cat i, ii, iii, and iv. these cat ratings classify the risk and hazard possibility for danger in all electrical locations. in order to be in compliance with this standard, appropriate clothing and equipment (ppe-personal protection equipment) is required in order to enter the selected area and proceed with any testing or evaluations. with the use of installed thermal ir windows, you will be able to perform safer and more efficient low and high voltage electrical inspections without exposing personnel to any increased risk. opening electrical cabinets to perform ir and visual inspections of live components is dangerous work, which exposes the operator to the risk of a hazardous arc flash. installing an ir window on an entry door allows thermal imagers to be used to gather important temperature measurements without exposing your personnel to any increased risk. these arc-resistant, indoor/outdoor certified, infrared windows allow thermal, ultraviolet, visual, and fusion technologies to be used without exposing personnel to live equipment and possible serious and dangerous conditions. features of windows minimizes time and cost of complying with nfpa 70e requirements for electrical inspections decreases risk of injury due to arc flash incidents perform visual inspections perform thermal inspections integrity and environmental ratings of cabinets and doors are intact following window installation variety of sizes to match thermal imagers easy to install applications arc resistant for indoor/outdoor use waterproof meets ip65 available in different diameters why is available area important? understanding the difference between “optic diameter” and “available area” gives the thermographer a measure of how much infrared energy is passing through the window. the more energy, the better the reading. using a crystal ir window means that the entire area is available for infrared transmission for optimum repeatability and results. while a mesh grid may have a larger “optic diameter” the grid itself blocks the ir signal, meaning that the amount of radiation available to the camera is significantly reduced and the signal may be irregular. purpose for electrical thermal imager inspections as described above, nfpa 70e details information as required to efficiently and safely perform electrical inspections. these inspections must be made on a regular basis since electrical connections and conductors may be loose, corroded, overheated, under rated, carry increased load, or just in a critical condition where excessive heat becomes a dangerous problem. the temperature rise or differential may be extremely important in maintaining an efficient system and its components. by utilizing a thermal imaging camera, many possible problems may be observed and corrected before any dangerous situation exists. if the location of these electrical components, transformers, switchgear, circuit breakers, relays, timers and all components is in an area that requires ppe that is not readily or quickly available, an ir window allows the technician to perform the inspection and provide the results. learn more about cat ratings click the image or the link below to learn more about cat ratings. cat ratings also, please see nfpa 70e  for complete details regarding equipment and ppe protective clothing. driver vision thermal imagers driver vision thermal imagers are vehicle and dashboard mounted imagers that assist first responders and law enforcement personnel in locating road hazards and suspects in total darkness. these imagers provide images that would not ordinarily be seen in the dark and allows for quicker reaction time and greater opportunity to apprehend an otherwise “hidden in the dark” suspect. this technology is identical to the technology used by military to view heated objects at night. below are two examples of vision using the headlights of a vehicle and the vision as seen using a mounted thermal imager. view with headlights only view with thermal imaging the advantage is obvious the following photos demonstrate the capability of thermal imager night time vision and the advantage that exists when using a vehicle with a mounted imager. features of mounted thermal imagers see objects, suspects, obstacles, animals, and any heat source in total darkness enhances drivers vision in darkness can be utilized as surveillance without moving see through smoke enables vision at night during pursuit supplied with wide angle lens standard high pixel count array benefits of mounted thermal imagers temperature can be seen in the dark, so can suspects or hazards can be seen in dark. see four times beyond the range of headlights; get more time to react to road hazards. monitor the activity of suspects without their knowledge, in total darkness, from a distance. these thermal imagers see through smoke, allowing officers to respond safely in brush fire or tunnel fire situations. see hazards from a longer distance enabling lives to be saved and property to be protected. refresh (frame) rate refresh rate or frame rate is the accepted frames per second update for the image being transmitted to the display. rates used in law enforcement and vehicle mounted imagers are commonly listed as 7.5hz, 8hz, 25hz, or 30hz. higher frame rates are usually found on cameras with better resolution as well as cameras used for "first responder” applications involving motion. if the application anticipates using video output, a higher refresh rate is preferred. the choice is based on application and camera specifications. refresh rates above 9 hz are export restricted. ir resolution (pixel array) / detector size although for driver vision thermal imaging cameras the detector resolution selection is limited to one choice, it is important to understand more about detector resolution. detector resolution is based on the pixel array that each camera contains. using larger pixel arrays, (as well as the lens “field of view” selected and any special electronics being added to the optical circuit), cameras can measure smaller targets at a longer distance that would be sharper and in greater detail. all cameras display temperature gradient. as the pixel array increase in size, the average temperature spot measured becomes smaller. this will increase the information gathered by the camera. when discussing pixel size, the specific application must be taken into consideration. please be aware that the detector resolution is different than the display resolution. it is the detector resolution that matters the most. higher resolution thermal imaging not only provides more accurate quantitative results, but it is also very important when presenting those results to customers. please see fov, “field of view” paragraph below. given a fixed pixel array, the fov will determine the detail of temperature being displayed. fov - field of view like the detector size above, the fov or "field of view" selection is limited to one choice. but it was optimally chosen for viewing road hazards at a distance. the fov is the area of the image that is measured and viewed on the imager screen. the lens has the greatest influence on the total view, but a larger pixel array (matrix) may provide greater detail of desired temperature gradient. compare the illustrations from the building and industrial thermal imager fov section above. fire and first responder thermal imagers thermal imagers for first responders and fire fighters are used to locate casualties and hazards in total darkness, smoke, fog and fire. thermal imagers are used to measure surface temperature and temperature differential of surrounding areas for commercial, industrial, general and first responder use. they are now considered to be an essential tool utilized in many first responder applications including, but not limited to, law enforcement, fire fighting, marine safety and home land security. they are now used and accepted world wide for safety and enforcement searches. they are considered to be extremely powerful weapons that can be used by firefighters and emergency personnel in the fight against increased property damage as well as rescue of human life. the use of thermal cameras offers fire fighters a tactical, search and positioning advantage. a handheld thermal imager allows the observation and location of impending fire damage as well as locating and saving human life. this increases the probability of locating injured or hidden casualties in a fire as well as locating the source of high temperature and possible danger to structure and property. the two figures below are representative of what is seen with night vision (left) and what is captured with a thermal imager (right). left image represents a typical night vision view of a park surrounded by trees and foliage. it is not apparent that there is any human life in the general surroundings. using a thermal imager designed for first responders in the right image demonstrates that someone is behind the foliage. if the park vegetation was beginning to ignite, the location of the person in the woods offers an undeniable advantage to the rescue responder team. compare the same view night vision camera                                    thermal image primary applications for first responder and fire thermal imaging cameras see through smoke, dust, and light fog see through camouflage and foliage in any lighting conditions see farther in zero visibility significantly improve safety and mobility find hidden or injured in fires monitor temperatures for preventative maintenance and condition monitoring of equipment fire prevention surveys monitoring the effectiveness of cooling searching for a person in deep water examining containers storing hazardous or flammable materials road traffic accidents predict potential of hidden fire flashover locating the seat and spread of a fire searching for casualties overhaul systems pre qualification of residential or industrial hazards see through dense smoke and in darkness detect and display the relevant temperatures of objects and walls moving swiftly in “search and rescue” of casualties enhance mission effectiveness maximize operational capability improve officer and firefighter safety the human eye uses reflected light to visualize and produce an image. daylight cameras, night-vision devices, and the human eye all work on the same basic principle. when light energy reflects off of an object, our eyes receive that signal and produce the appropriate image. in darkness, or in fog, or in smoke, we are limited to the external light provided. if there isn’t enough light or the artificial light is not sufficient, we no longer see clearly or see at all. when using night vision devices, the available light is magnified to produce an image. these devices have range limitations especially in extremely low-light conditions. it becomes difficult to view or recognize an object or produce any contrast for the image we would like to find. the thermal contrast between an object and its surroundings is what safety first responders are seeking. thermal imaging cameras measure the reflected thermal energy and are not susceptible or responsive to daylight or artificial light. first responder cameras indicate temperature variations usually by a display of sharp black and white contrast screen. by sensing this thermal energy and displaying it as black and white video, thermal imagers allow you to see things from farther away and with greater contrast than conventional visible-light cameras and night-vision technologies. as long as there is a temperature variation, within the resolution and sensitivity of the camera, the image will be displayed. the use of flashlights and high beam spotlights never finds a hidden human in the midst of smoke. the photo below, figure 3 is indicative of locating someone who is in trouble at the scene of a fire where the area is smoke filled. in this case, the rescue team finds the thermal imager to, literally, be a life saver. victims found thru smoke by thermal imagers features to consider when choosing a thermal imaging camera for fire and first responder use ir resolution or detector pixel size ambient operating temperature direct temperature measurement fov - field of view start up time display size & replaceable lens single hand operation ease of use refresh (frame) rate (hz) memory recording capability standard black / white display or special color alarm batterylife and replacement enclosure ratings / capability drop test capability connection and output capability ir resolution (pixel array) detector resolution is based on the pixel array that each camera contains. using larger pixel arrays, 640x480, (as well as the lens “field of view” selected and any special electronics being added to the optical circuit), cameras can measure smaller targets at a longer distance that would be sharper and in greater detail. as the pixel array increase in size and the focal length is increased, changes in thermal visibility will be extended over a longer distance. please see fov, “field of view” paragraph below. given a fixed pixel array, the fov will determine the detail of temperature being displayed. fov - field of view the fov or “field of view” is the area of the image that is measured and viewed on the imager screen. the lens has the greatest influence on the total view, but a larger pixel array (matrix) may provide greater detail of desired temperature gradient. by choosing the appropriate lens with a specific pixel array, you are also determining the length of visual capability for the imager. compare the illustrations from the building and industrial thermal imager fov section above. using the appropriate thermal imager designed to be used in the high temperature environment of firefighting allows for viewing of extremely high and low temperatures in one screen with clear definition. the units can also find casualties in the midst of high temperature conditions. note the capture of temperature information in the two photos below and right victim photo above. first responder thermal images with temperature information there is no doubt that using thermal imaging for rescue and firefighting provides an increased opportunity for safety and success for all first responders. this tool allows any operator to have the ability to increase life and death circumstance to their benefit as well as added protection at their fingertips. thermal imaging cameras will assist in approaching fires more strategically, able to detect additional combustibles and find hotspots quicker. using a thermal imager will absolutely allow responders to rescue victims sooner. fixed mount thermal imagers fixed mount thermal imagers are multi-sensor thermal imaging cameras primarily intended for indoor and outdoor security applications. they are used to detect intruders and other threats to a facility's security. imagers can detect the existence of heat in a totally dark environment and inclement weather. the cameras provide both simultaneous visible-light and thermal video outputs to insure constant security and surveillance in your facility or on your property. some of the unique features include lens selection to obtain a selection of “field of view” distances, as well a choice of ir resolution (pixel array) and mounting choice. a dome-up camera model can be mounted on top of the mounting surface. a dome-down camera model can be mounted under an overhanging mounting arm, or underneath an overhanging mounting surface such as eaves or an awning. these cameras also allow precise pan/tilt control and fully programmable scan patterns, radar slew-to-cue, and slew-to-alarm functionality. applications critical infrastructure law enforcement nuclear power petrochemical seaports borders commercial buildings warehouses distribution centers office building parking garages residential features see objects, suspects, obstacles, animals and any heat source in total darkness enhances security vision in total darkness installed in either “dome-up or dome-down” for ease of mounting for all surveillance see heated objects through smoke enables vision at night during pursuit temperature can be seen in dark…so can suspects and dangerous situations be noted and reacted upon. monitor the activity of suspects without their knowledge and in total darkness see through smoke, allowing officers to respond safely and quickly see hazards and perpetrators from an offsite position enabling lives to be saved and property to be protected. thermal imaging fixed mount camera (left) compliments ccd camera (right) this lone security guard with his dog walks the property line at night, while we see whether there may be danger lurking in the shadows. ir resolution (pixel array) / detector size although for fixed mount thermal cameras the detector resolution selection is limited to one choice, it is important to understand more about detector resolution. detector resolution is based on the pixel array that each camera contains. using larger pixel arrays, (as well as the lens “field of view” selected and any special electronics being added to the optical circuit), cameras can measure smaller targets at a longer distance that would be sharper and in greater detail. all cameras display temperature gradient. as the pixel array increase in size, the average temperature spot measured becomes smaller. this will increase the information gathered by the camera. when discussing pixel size, the specific application must be taken into consideration. please be aware that the detector resolution is different than the display resolution. it is the detector resolution that matters the most. higher resolution thermal imaging not only provides more accurate quantitative results, but it is also very important when presenting those results to customers. please see fov, “field of view” paragraph below. given a fixed pixel array, the fov will determine the detail of temperature being displayed. fov - field of view like the detector size above, the fov or "field of view" selection is limited to one choice. but it was optimally chosen for viewing at a distance. the fov is the area of the image that is measured and viewed on the imager screen. the lens has the greatest influence on the total view, but a larger pixel array (matrix) may provide greater detail of desired temperature gradient. compare the illustrations from the building and industrial thermal imager fov section above. hunting and outdoor thermal imagers hunting and outdoor thermal imaging cameras are easy to pack, easy to use and deliver a high-quality thermal image. flir multiple lens and thermal detector options allow you to customize the right camera for you. tracking game in a heavily forested area? ts24 lets you see in the dark and through light foliage and camouflage up to 350 yards out. monitoring a herd? perhaps the ts32r pro is your best option, so you can observe from more than a half-mile away. the scout, powered by the same advanced technology used by military and law enforcement, is a powerful personal thermal imaging camera affordable enough to give every outdoorsman the unsurpassed practical advantages of full-resolution thermal imaging night vision. guide and see at night track and stay safe search as a volunteer explore the wild identify uninvited guests locate the herd navigate with confidence guard your safety small, rugged, and ergonomic, scout provides direct push-button access to all of its controls, and weighs less than a pound and a half. built around flir's bleeding-edge thermal night vision technology, scout uses a thermal camera that creates video images from heat, not light, and displays this video on its built-in lcd eyepiece so you can experience the world as it happens, day or night. six models – available in different resolutions and with a variety of image and video capture and storage options multiple lens options – choose from a model with a 19 mm lens and optional 2× optical extender or the longer range model equipped with a 65 mm lens shuttered eyepiece – keeps light from coming out of the viewfinder and avoids alarming animals or other target subjects rugged all-weather design – built to withstand the demands of day-in, day-out rugged outdoor use ready to go when you are – battery operation with field-swappable aa common batteries plus power in/charging, rca video out via standard hot shoe attachment three selectable palettes – white hot, black hot, and the powerful instalert™ detection palettes provide excellent image detail in different environments law enforcement thermal imagers thermal imagers for law enforcement and fire fighting are used to locate criminals, casualties and hazards in total darkness, smoke, fog, and fire. the use of thermal cameras offers officers a tactical and search advantage. the two figures below are representative of what is seen with night vision (left image) and what is captured with a thermal imager (right image). right image represents a typical night vision view of a park surrounded by trees and foliage. it is not apparent that there are any suspects in sight. using a thermal imager designed for first responders, left image demonstrates that someone is attempting to hide behind the foliage. if the “law enforcement team” had been using a thermal camera, the suspect would be apprehended. the use of thermal imaging cameras offers an undeniable tactical advantage. the two figures below are representative of what is seen with night vision (figure 1) and what is captured with a thermal imager (figure 2). figure 1 represents a typical night vision view of a park surrounded by trees and foliage. it is not apparent that there are any suspects in sight. using a thermal imager designed for first responders, figure 2 demonstrates that someone is attempting to hide behind the foliage. if the “law enforcement team” had been using a thermal camera, the suspect would be apprehended. the use of thermal imaging cameras offers an undeniable tactical advantage. compare the same view night vision camera                                    thermal image primary applications for law enforcement thermal imaging cameras see suspects in total darkness see through smoke, dust, and light fog see through camouflage and foliage in any lighting conditions see farther in zero visibility significantly improve safety and mobility find hidden or injured in fires monitor temperatures for preventative maintenance and condition monitoring of equipment fire prevention surveys monitoring the effectiveness of cooling searching for a person in deep water examining containers storing hazardous or flammable materials locate vehicles that have been in motion road traffic accidents predict potential of flashover locating the seat and spread of a fire searching for casualties analyzing the effectiveness of attack overhaul systems pre qualification of residential or industrial hazards see through dense smoke and in darkness detect and display the relevant temperatures of objects within the scene moving swiftly in “search and rescue” of casualties enhance mission effectiveness maximize operational capability improve officer safety the human eye uses reflected light to visualize and produce an image. daylight cameras, night-vision devices, and the human eye all work on the same basic principle. when light energy reflects off of an object, our eyes receive that signal and produce the appropriate image. in darkness, or in fog, or in smoke, we are limited to the external light provided. if there isn’t enough light or the artificial light is not sufficient, we no longer see clearly or see at all. when using night vision devices, the available light is magnified to produce an image. these devices have range limitations especially in extremely low-light conditions. it becomes difficult to view or recognize an object or produce any contrast for the image we would like to find. the thermal contrast between an object and its surroundings is what safety first responders are seeking. thermal imaging cameras measure the reflected thermal energy and are not susceptible or responsive to daylight or artificial light. first responder cameras indicate temperature variations usually by a display of sharp black and white contrast screen. by sensing this thermal energy and displaying it as black and white video, thermal imagers allow you to see things from farther away and with greater contrast than conventional visible-light cameras and night-vision technologies. as long as there is a temperature variation, within the resolution and sensitivity of the camera, the image will be displayed. the use of flashlights and high beam patrol lights, when the officers might want to maintain their hidden location, is never necessary. this image, (on the left), is typical of a hidden criminal in total darkness. the use of the thermal imager allows quite an advantage for law enforcement personnel to view and capture rather than be caught off guard. in the right image, note the use of cutters on a security fence that is taken in total darkness. criminals exposed by thermal imagers features to consider when choosing a thermal imaging camera for law enforcement ir resolution or detector pixel size eyepiece- shuttered / non-shuttered single or multiple lenses monocular / bi-ocular focus capability /focal length thermal sensitivity netd fov - field of view zoom capability start up time refresh (frame) rate (hz) memory capability wi-fi / bluetooth capability/ radio frequency transmission lens capability and interchangeability visual alarm capability standard black / white display or special color alarm voice annotation video output capability batterylife and replacement enclosure ratings / capability drop test capability connection capability ir resolution (pixel array) detector resolution is based on the pixel array that each camera contains. using larger pixel arrays, 640x480, (as well as the lens “field of view” selected and any special electronics being added to the optical circuit), cameras can measure smaller targets at a longer distance that would be sharper and in greater detail. as the pixel array increase in size and the focal length is increased, changes in thermal visibility will be extended over a longer distance. please see fov, “field of view” paragraph below. given a fixed pixel array, the fov will determine the detail of temperature being displayed. compare the ir resolution images in the building and industrial thermal imager section above. fov - field of view the fov or “field of view” is the area of the image that is measured and viewed on the imager screen. the lens has the greatest influence on the total view, but a larger pixel array (matrix) may provide greater detail of desired temperature gradient. by choosing the appropriate lens with a specific pixel array, you are also determining the length of visual capability for the imager. compare the illustrations from the building and industrial thermal imager fov section above. note the clarity and distance seen in figure  below. a thermal imager was used to capture possible problems with an unsuspecting driver using a longer lens fov with a larger pixel array. longer lens fov download a comparison of various lenses and the range in yards to spot a man-size target. click image or here: lens fov there is no doubt that using thermal imaging for rescue and law enforcement provides an increased opportunity for safety and success for all first responders. this tool allows any operator to have the ability to increase life and death circumstance to their benefit as well as added protection at their fingertips. for additional information, contact your tequipment certified thermal imaging expert and also checkout these videos marine thermal imagers in marine applications of safety and security, the images you may obtain in total darkness, smoke, or fog will allow you to make consistent decisions for boat safety as well as maintain understanding of personnel safety in critical situations. when operating close to shore at night or in adverse environments, a thermal imager allows the crew and patrol boat officers an awareness of their surroundings so they can navigate confidently and safely. in darkness, smoke, or fog confidently knowing safe distances from pilings, docks, floating debris, or boats riding at anchor will allow officers and security personnel to do their job efficiently. the two figures below are typical of visualizing the same structure, boat, with and without thermal imaging. the boat and two passengers are clearly visible with the thermal imager versus only the lights and reflection without it. that is quite an advantage for safety personnel as well as for the boat occupants. your vision/night vision                   marine thermal imager here are additional example comparisons between naked eye versus thermal imager in maritime applications: your vision                                basic vision                         advanced vision same target note the clarity and distance seen in advanced vision above. a thermal imager was used to capture possible problems using a longer lens fov with a larger pixel array. this feature may be used for all applications for thermal imagers maritime applications navigating safely at night identifying channel markers, outcrops of land, bridge pilings, exposed rocks, other vessels, floating objects, and even iceberg detection understanding the "blip" on the radar screen ship security - pirate or approaching boats personnel water-rescue: "man overboard" anti-piracy, horizon view port security shipboard security approaching people on dock see suspects in total darkness, smoke, dust, and light fog see through darkness, smoke, dust, and light fog see through camouflage and foliage in any lighting conditions see farther in zero visibility significantly improve safety and mobility oil spills find hidden or injured in fires monitor temperatures for preventative maintenance and condition monitoring of equipment searching for a person in deep water examining containers storing hazardous or flammable materials locating the seat and spread of a fire searching for casualties analyzing the effectiveness of attack overhaul systems pre qualification of marine hazards see through dense smoke and in darkness detect and display the relevant temperatures of objects within the scene moving swiftly in “search and rescue” of casualties enhance mission effectiveness maximize operational capability improve officer safety the human eye uses reflected light to visualize and produce an image. daylight cameras, night-vision devices, and the human eye all work on the same basic principle. when light energy reflects off an object, our eyes receive that signal and produce the appropriate image. in darkness, fog, or smoke, we are limited to the external light provided. if there is not enough light or the artificial light is not sufficient, we no longer see clearly or see at all. when using night vision devices, the available light is magnified to produce an image. these devices have range limitations especially in extremely low-light conditions. it becomes difficult to view or recognize an object or produce any contrast for the image we would like to find. the thermal contrast between an object and its surroundings is what safety first responders are seeking. thermal imaging cameras measure the reflected thermal energy and are not susceptible or responsive to daylight or artificial light. first responder cameras indicate temperature variations usually by a display of sharp black and white contrast screen. by sensing this thermal energy and displaying it as black and white video, thermal imagers allow you to see things from farther away and with greater contrast than conventional visible-light cameras and night-vision technologies. as long as there is a temperature variation, within the resolution and sensitivity of the camera, the image will be displayed. the use of flashlights and high beam patrol lights, when the officers might want to maintain their hidden location, is never necessary. maritime thermal imaging camera selection considerations maritime thermal imaging cameras are monocular style detector size. detector resolution is based on the pixel array that each camera contains. using larger pixel arrays, (as well as the lens “field of view” selected), cameras can measure smaller targets at a longer distance that would be sharper and in greater detail. all cameras display temperature gradient. as the pixel array increase in size, the average temperature spot measured becomes smaller. this will increase the information gathered by the camera. when discussing pixel size, the specific application must be taken into consideration. please be aware that the detector resolution is different than the display resolution. it is the detector resolution that matters the most. higher resolution thermal imaging not only provides more accurate quantitative results, but is very important when presenting those results to customers. please see fov, "field of view" paragraph below. given a fixed pixel array, the fov will determine the detail of temperature being displayed. optional lenses. see "field of view" discussion below. a wide field of view lens is perfect for mooring, avoiding vessels and other obstacles, and for searching for people in the water a narrow field of view lens is perfect for zooming in on distant obstacles refresh rate or frame rate is the accepted frames per second update for the image being transmitted to the display. rates are commonly listed as 9hz, 30hz, or 60hz. higher frame rates are usually found on cameras with better resolution as well as cameras used for first responder applications involving motion. if the application anticipates using video output, a higher refresh rate is preferred. the choice is based on application and camera specifications. fov - field of view the fov or “field of view” is the area of the image that is measured and viewed on the imager screen. the lens has the greatest influence on the total view, but a larger pixel array (matrix) may provide greater detail of desired temperature gradient. by choosing the appropriate lens with a specific pixel array, you are also determining the length of visual capability for the imager. compare the illustrations from the building and industrial thermal imager fov section above. <-----help us make this the best it can be! our picks flir tg165 5 of 5 as low as: $499.99 compare flir e4-b 5 of 5 as low as: $849.00 compare flir e4 5 of 5 as low as: $995.00 gsa price available compare flir e6-edu 0 reviews as low as: $1,247.50 compare flir e5 5 of 5 as low as: $1,495.00 gsa price available compare tequipment 205 westwood ave long branch, nj 07740 m-f 8am - 7pm est 1.877.742.8378 1.732.222.7088 (fax) salesteam@tequipment.net our story about us blog events newsletter careers store my account quote requests how to order shipping policy return policy promotions customer service live chat contact us order status credit application rma form resources all resources video library faqs site map terms & conditions sign up for our newsletter follow us on facebook youtube twitter online security site map | terms & conditions | privacy policy | copyright © 2014 tequipment.net close (x)