来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151228144936/http://www.tequipment.net/oscilloscopes/
================================================================================

oscilloscopes dsos msos and pc oscllloscopes on sale | tequipment.net skip to main content an interworld highway, llc company salesteam@tequipment.net call us 1.877.571.7901 my account login log out log out* test order status how to order quote cart cart all products top 20 departments:accessories antennasattenuatorsbatteries and chargersblower door and duct testingcables - misccartscasescase and cart accessoriescoaxial cables dry block bath insertsenclosure accessoriesgas detection accessoriesgeneral accessorieshvac accessoriesjacks /adapters /plugs /clips /terminators/coaxial adapter kitsalligator clipsbanana jacksbanana plugsbreakoutsclip insulatorcoaxial adaptershook clipskelvin clipspincer clipsrf adapterstelecom clipsterminatorslan / telecom connectors and plugsmisc connectors / adapters lab accessorieslcr test fixturesled and lcd displaysmanualsmicrophonesmicroscope accessories condensersfilters/filter accessoriesfocusing blocksreplacement heads motorsoptionspressure calibrator modulesprobes logic probesmultimeter probesoscilloscope probesrf probestemperature probes shuntsrack mounts and stands test standsbroadcast armrack mounts repair parts and fusessoldering accessoriessoftwareswitch and semiconductor modules/access test leads and instrument accessory kits alligator test leadsbanana type test leadsbnc type leadskelvin test leadshook test leadslead wireinstrument accessory kitslead racksmicroleadspincer test leadstelecom test leadstweezer test leadsmisc test leads thermal imager accessoriestraining courses/cds/booksvoltage transformerwarranty and calibration amplifiers / preamps / preamplifiers digital signal amplifiershigh frequency amplifiershigh voltage amplifierspci pxi signal amplifiersmisc amplifiers / preamps / preamplifiers clamp meters clamp meterscurrent clamp adaptors / current clamps dataloggers data acquisition current dataloggersdataloggers for environmental variables temperature dataloggershumidity dataloggersco dataloggerspressure dataloggers data recorderspower dataloggersrun time dataloggers voltage datalogger environmental testers / physical property anemometer / air flowbarometers and altimeterschlorine testerdissolved oxygen meter / fluorideemf / elf meterheat index monitorshumidity metershygrometersmoisture metersph meterspsychrometer refractometers / brixscales / weightsound level metersstopwatches / timers / clockswater quality meters-conductivity / salinityweather measurement signal generators / counters am / fm signal generatorsaudio generatorsfrequency countersfunction generatornoise generatorspulse generatorrf signal generator ground testers ground clamp meters3 pole / 4 pole ground testers hvac equipment and instruments hvac - testing - adjusting - balancing airflow capture hood - balometerhvac manometers and micromanometers hvac manifolds and gauges draft gaugeshvac manifolds hvac vacuum pumpsrefrigerant leak detectorsrefrigerant recovery machines hvac equipment - misc a/c superheat subcool system analyzerscharging scaleheater blankets (hvac)hvac/r measurement kitsrefrigerant identifiersthermostat lcr meters / impedance measurement products capacitance testerslcr metersinductance analyzersimpedance analyzersresistance meters leakage detectors microwave leakage detectorultrasonic leak detectors megohmmeter / insulation resistance testers megohmmeter / insulation resistance testers micro-ohmmeter / milliohmmeter micro-ohmmeter / dlro / bond testingmilli-ohmmeter multimetersoscilloscopes digital oscilloscopesanalog oscilloscopesmixed signal oscilloscopes (mso)pc based oscilloscopesportable oscilloscopestop selling oscilloscopes pc based msos power measurement power quality analyzerpower loggersenergy management power displaysrf / microwave power metersvoltage event recorderswatt meter power supplies ac power suppliesdc power supplies / lab power suppliesac/dc power supplieselectronic loadsuninterruptible power supply (ups) process / calibration frequency calibratorsmilliamp calibratorsmultifunction calibratorspressure calibration calibration pumpsdeadweight testerspressure calibratorsprocess pressure gauges pressure transmitters signal calibrators loop calibratorsvoltage calibrators temperature calibration infrared calibrators / blackbodiesrtd calibratorstemperature bathsthermocouple calibrators radiometric chroma meterslcd analyzerled analyzerlight meters / illuminance metersluminance meterspectroradiometeruv meter safety testing / surge testing hipot testerground bond testersleakage current testersimpulse / surge testersmedical device safety testers soldering equipment soldering equipmentbga rework stationdesoldering equipment/rework stationsdispensing equipmentfume extractionhot air gunslead forming equipmentnozzlespre-heatersoldering pots soldering standsstatic controltips spectrum analyzers spectrum analyzersfield strength meters tdr and cable length metersthermal imagers building and industrial thermal imagersdriver vision vehicle thermal imagersfire first responder thermal imagersfixed mount thermal imagershunting and outdoor thermal imagerslaw enforcement thermal imagersmarine thermal imagersthermal imager ir windowsscientific thermal imagers video test equipment rasterizersvideo signal generatorwaveform monitors 3d printing 3d printers3d printer filaments3d scanners3d printer accessories3d printing softwarevalue packseducational packs clearancesee all 200 departments!brands# - a 3d maker jet3d systems3doodleraaroniaaccumacaccutrakacr systemsadam equipmentadaptiveadash americaadvanced fiberaemcagilent airwolf 3dairy technologiesaltekamicroamprobeanaheimaoipapplied instrumentsargusarmadaarmasightash visionauburn av toolboxamerican weigh scales b - e b&w casesbacharachbeehivebestscopebigrepbk precisionbwbyte brotherscal testcompliance westcompuvideocookedelmhorst digitrondigivacdimension polymersdranetzdwyere instrumentseagle eyeeclipse toolseetoolselencoemersoneremericson etiextechez digital f - h fieldpieceflashforgeflirflukefluke networksfocal uprightfull spectrum laserfuel3dge druckgeneral toolsghzoptikglobal specialtiesgme gossen metrawattgossengraphtecgti predictiveguardprohakkohameghammondhart scientifichiokihobo by onsethovercamht instruments i - l idealideal networksiet labsinnovativeinnoventionsinstekintelligent weighing technologyiwatsuiwhinternational medcomjanatekkaltmankanomax keithleyken-a-visionkenwoodkestrelknightkocchilabnationlascarleaderleaptronixlecroyleicaliberty ltl acornlulzbotluxo m - o m3dmakerbotmark-10marshallmartelmastercoolmatter and formmaynuomazur instrumentsmeggermeiji technomeriammetex micro tempmicsigmilwaukeemonarchmoticmyron lnknorthwest instrumentoc whiteohausowl p - r panametricsp3 internationalpaladin toolspalmerpanavisepelicanphenixpicopieplatinum toolsplatoplattpmk pomonaprintspaceprocomsolpromaxprostatprotekproximapulsar thermalramsey electronicsraytekreedremconretrotec rhopointrigolrobinairroboxrohde & schwarz s - t santronicsstorage battery systemsscienscopescientechseawardseek thermalshimposiglentsimpsonskfsoekssperrystatico steinelsummit technologysurgexteledyne lecroyt3 innovationstabor electronicstechnetektronixtelevestestotiertimetiftime electronics tpitramextripletttsi alnorttitvbtechtvone u - z ueueiunisourceunited infraredvaisalavellemanversatile powerveto pro pacvibralignvitrekwahlwahl solderingwatts up wellerwilcomxcelitexeltekxitronxyz printingyokogawazortrax featured brands » featured brands deals current promotions clearance deals resources » top categories > oscilloscopes multimeters power supplies thermal imagers all home oscilloscopes email print this page share narrow your search results categories digital oscilloscopes (279)mixed signal oscilloscopes (mso) (120)pc based oscilloscopes (70)portable oscilloscopes (69)analog oscilloscopes (31)pc based msos (10) price range less than or equal to $739 (98)$739 - $1280 (97)$1280 - $1999 (101)$1999 - $3951 (95)$3951 - $9900 (96)$9900 and up (97) search within these results features what's this? free shipping special (145)on gsa contract (30)best seller (7)on clearance (2) brands aemc (12)agilent (100)bk precision (23)elenco (6)extech (3)ez digital (8)fluke (20)instek (51)iwatsu (4)labnation (1)teledyne lecroy (53)metex (1)micsig (22)owon (4)pico (64)rigol (55)rohde & schwarz (19)storage battery systems (1)siglent (48)tektronix (70)tpi (2)unisource (3)velleman (9) bandwidth what's this? 1 mhz - 50 mhz (74)60 mhz - 100 mhz (192)150 mhz - 200 mhz (100)250 mhz - 500 mhz (99)600 mhz - 1 ghz (25) sampling rate what's this? up to 250 ms/s (34)250 ms/s - 1 gs/s (172)1 gs/s - 2 gs/s (287)2 gs/s - 2.5 gs/s (163)2.5 gs/s - 4 gs/s (83)4 gs/s and up (81) channels 1 (5)2 (284)4 (198)8 (1) rise time what's this? 350 ps - 1 ns (68)1 ns - 1.75 ns (101)1.75 ns - 2.5 ns (76)2.5 ns - 3.5 ns (114)3.5 ns - 9 ns (202)9 ns - 100 ns (39) screen size up to 5.7 in (70)5.7 in - 6 in (93)6 in - 6.5 in (73)6.5 in - 8 in (151)8 in - 9 in (111)9 in and up (87) memory what's this? less than or equal to 10 kp [kilopoints] (53)10 kp [kilopoints] - 1 mp [megapoints] (122)1 mp [megapoints] - 5 mp [megapoints] (79)5 mp [megapoints] - 8 mp [megapoints] (26)8 mp [megapoints] and up (131) interfaces i/o analog input (126) analog output (41) bluetooth (16) gpib (78)hdmi (12) ir (6) lan / ethernet (208) lxi (70) other (4)remote sense (8) rs-232 (80) rs-485 (9)usb (339) usb host (232)vga or svga out (65) web host / web server (28) wifi (13) # logic channels 16 ea (53)8 ea (8)18 ea (3)2 ea (1)4 ea (1) isolated inputs what's this? no (18)yes (28) country of origin united states (57)china (10)china (137)france (8)germany (15)japan (3)korea (10)malaysia (20)netherlands (18)romania (2)taiwan (18)united kingdom (49) oscilloscopes previous next digital oscilloscopes digital storage oscilloscopes (dso's) take an input signal, typically voltage over time, and convert it from an analog wave to a series of digital signals analog oscilloscopes an analog oscilloscope will draw waveforms on its display by deflecting an electron beam which sweeps across its screen horizontally mixed signal oscilloscopes (mso) mixed signal oscilloscopes (mso) can capture analog and digital signals at once. an mso usually combines 2 or 4 analog ch. and 8/16/32 digital pc based oscilloscopes pc based oscilloscopes are the modern alternative to the traditional bench top oscilloscope portable oscilloscopes portable oscilloscopes, otherwise known as handheld oscilloscopes, and typically used for on site maintenance pc based msos top selling top oscilloscopes top rated oscilloscopes video compare rigol ds1052e50 mhz digital oscilloscope with 2 cha... bandwidth: 50 mhz channels: 2 sampling rate: 1 gs/s sale: $329.0051 in stock! 5 of 5 (20) reviews add to cart add to quote compare pico 2205apc oscilloscope 2 channels with fg/awg... channels: 2 bandwidth: 25 mhz sampling rate: 200 ms/s sale: $249.004 in stock! free 2-day shipping click for details 0 reviews add to cart add to quote compare rigol mso1104z-s100 mhz mixed signal oscilloscope with... channels: 4 bandwidth: 100 mhz sampling rate: 1000 msa/s (1 gs/swhat's this?) sale: $1,229.003 in stock! 5 of 5 (12) reviews add to cart add to quote compare pico 2204apc oscilloscope 2 channels with fg/awg... channels: 2 bandwidth: 10 mhz sampling rate: 100 ms/s sale: $159.00 free 2-day shipping click for details 0 reviews add to cart add to quote video compare rigol ds1074z70 mhz digital oscilloscope with 4 cha... bandwidth: 70 mhz channels: 4 sampling rate: 1 gs/s list price: $549.00sale: $492.65 5 of 5 (51) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare rigol ds1102e100 mhz dso oscilloscope 2 ch 1 ghz/s bandwidth: 100 mhz channels: 2 sampling rate: 1 gs/s sale: $399.0051 in stock! free video boroscope web price only 5 of 5 (81) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare rigol ds6062600 mhz digital oscilloscope with 2 ch... bandwidth: 600 mhz channels: 2 sampling rate: 5 gs/s sale: $5,880.00 free deluxe dso case 5 of 5 (2) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare rigol ds1104z100 mhz digital oscilloscope with 4 ch... bandwidth: 100 mhz channels: 4 sampling rate: 1 gs/s sale: $830.001 in stock! 5 of 5 (8) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare siglent sds1052dl50mhz; 2 channels; 500msa/s; 32k memor... bandwidth: 50 mhz channels: 2 sampling rate: 500 msa/s (0.5 gs/swhat's this?) list price: $279.00sale: $237.1528 in stock! 5 of 5 (6) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare rigol ds1104z-s100 mhz digital oscilloscope with 4 ch... bandwidth: 100 mhz channels: 4 sampling rate: 1 gs/s sale: $1,080.00 5 of 5 (4) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare siglent sds1102x100mhz two channels, phosphor oscillos... bandwidth: 100 mhz channels: 2 sampling rate: 1 gs/s list price: $499.00sale: $424.1539 in stock! free voltage detector santronics ac-ez 5 of 5 (2) reviews add to cart add to quote video compare fluke 190-204/am/sscopemeter 4 channel 200 mhz color ame... bandwidth: 200 mhz channels: 4 sampling rate: 2.5 gs/s (2500 ms/swhat's this?) member offers list price: $5,099.99sale: $4,589.992 in stock! free dinner and a movie gift card 5 of 5 (2) reviews add to cart add to quote featured brands oscilloscopes description an oscilloscope is an instrument that is used as a graph displaying device of an electrical signal. the graph will show how signals change over time. the vertical (y) axis represents voltage and the horizontal (x) axis represents time. the horizontal sweeps at a constant rate. the (z) axis, although not that common, can display brightness or intensity of the display. with a proper transducer, an oscilloscope can measure just about anything. a transducer is a device that creates an electrical signal in response to physical stimuli such as sound, pressure, light, heat, etc. when graphing a signal, what do you want to find out? the time and voltage value of a signal the frequency of an oscillating signal how much of a signal is direct current (dc) or alternating current (ac) how much of the signal is noise and if the noise is changing over time to see the “moving parts” of a circuit represented by the signal to tell if a malfunctioning component is distracting the signal oscilloscopes come in many different versions analog digital mixed signal portable pc based versions if the recording of a waveform is required, a digital scope will be applicable. if you need to see the waveform in real time, or to see the original intensity an analog scope would better suit that requirement.  the higher the input signal frequency is, the higher  the bandwidth that will be required. if you do not have the appropriate amount of bandwidth, you risk the possibility of not getting accurate results. if there is doubt about the amount of bandwidth that is required, then you should go the next step up. the bandwidth can usually be calculated by this formula: bandwidth = (0.35 / rise time of the signal) the higher the sampling rate, the more accurate and precise the captured waveform is. as the sampling rate increases, it allows for more samples a captured waveform has, for any given period of time. in almost every electric application, including lab use, research and development, and product development there is a need for an oscilloscope to provide waveform analysis. here is the best guide we can recommend on getting to know everything about oscilloscopes.  this is the xyzs of oscilloscopes by tektronix.  it has 64 pages packed with information.  click the picture below to download. digital oscilloscopes (dso) an oscilloscope is a test and measurement instrument used primarily to measure voltage over time. a digital storage oscilloscope (also known as a dso) takes the input signal and converts it from an analog wave to a series of digital signals. once it is digitized, the digital storage oscilloscope can then store the information in memory and display it on the screen. the faster the signal is processed, the better the display will be. the digital oscilloscope uses graphical grid called a graticule to display a signal. the y-axis (vertical) is usually the voltage (though it could also be current, pressure, or another type of signal that is then converted into voltage). the x-axis (horizontal) is usually time (though it could also be frequency). some digital storage oscilloscopes also use signal brightness as their z-axis. to make it easier to read the graticule, it is typically broken into 8 squares (or divisions) going vertically and 10 squares (or divisions) going horizontally. this can change from manufacturer to manufacturer, but it is fairly standard. the reason why it is done this way is that as long as you know what each division is, it makes it easier to read the values on screen. luckily, digital storage oscilloscopes can also display the exact value at a given point on the screen. you have to move your marker, or cursor, to the spot in question and you should be able to see the specific value. a scope with multiple cursors will allow you to measure the difference between to spots, which can be very handy. some common measurements digital storage oscilloscopes are used for include looking at the shape of a signal (also known as a waveform) checking the amplitude (strength) of a signal checking the frequency (timing) of a signal checking the amount of time between events looking for problems (noise) with a signal what are the key specifications in selecting a digital storage oscilloscope? there are typically four parameters that should be considered when choosing your instrument: bandwidth sample rate rise time recording length how much scope bandwidth do i need? the amount of times a signal repeats itself in one second (hertz or hz) is its frequency. oscilloscopes can view signals occurring anywhere from 1hz (or less) up to 1ghz (1,000,000,000 (that's one billion) times per second) or more. select an digital storage oscilloscope that can see more than the fastest signal you want to measure. in theory, you want your signal to be no faster than 71% of your maximum. the rule of thumb is that the bandwidth be five times (5x) greater than the maximum signal. so, if your signals to be observed are a maximum of 100mhz (100,000,000 times per second) then choose a model with a 500 mhz bandwidth. how much sampling do i need? as mentioned, a digital storage oscilloscope converts an analog signal into a digital one. this is done through a process known as sampling. the faster the sample rate, the more information about the original signal is captured and converted. this a common specification you see on data sheets for these types of scopes. it is measured in samples per second (s/s). for high-speed samples, you will often see it measured in ms/s (mega samples per second) or gs/s (giga samples per second). there is something called nyquist's theorem, which states that in order to properly slice up an analog signal (so you have enough information to recreate it back again) you need to have a sample rate at least twice the fastest signal you are looking at. that is of course, a minimum amount. in practice, most scopes are built to sample at least 5 times the highest speed it can capture. so, for example, a 200mhz signal would be best sampled at a rate of at least 1gs/s. how fast does a scope need to be? the speed at which a signal goes from 10% of its level (in amplitude) to 90% of its top value is called the rise time. in order to see the maximum amount of each signal edge (vertical) both the scope and the probe must have a fast enough rise time. this is especially true for when the signal changes. once again, the practical scenario calls for the rise time on the instrument to be five times faster than the signal. if your fastest signal has a rise time of 5 usec (micro second), then you want a scope/probe combo to have a rise time of 1 usec. how deep should the memory be? the last major specification to be considered is memory depth or record length. the major benefit of the digital storage oscilloscope is the storage part. this gives you the ability to recall, compare, and perform math functions on a captured signal. the record length is measured in samples or points. the total amount of time you can record for is determined by the number of points available and the sample rate (each sample being a point). you would simply divide the number points by the sample rate to get your acquistion time. if you have a total memory depth of 1 mpoints and a sample rate of 250 ms/second, then you can record a signal that is 4 msec (millisecond) long. what other factors should be considered when purchasing a digital storage oscilloscope? beyond the basic four specifications, it is common to consider: number of channels (typically two or four). if you need to record multiple high-speed signals beyond four, you might want to look at a dedicated recorder. size of the display is often a consideration. larger, clearer screens make it easier to see multiple signals at once. luckily today's digital storage oscilloscope also has different color lines for each signal. how you capture a signal is also important. this is where triggers come into play. it is often important to see only signals with specific characteristics among the many captured. with most digital storage oscilloscopes, a variety of different trigger types are available to find particular events that happen during signal analysis. if you are looking at packets of serial data, you may also find it useful to decode the signal to make sure that the correct instructions are being sent. protocols such as i2c, spi, can, lin, and rs232 are commonly used to communicate between devices. it is important to make sure that the right commands are communicated when a specific event happens. when graphing a signal, what do you want to find out? the time and voltage value of a signal the frequency of an oscillating signal how much of a signal is direct current (dc) or alternating current (ac) how much of the signal is noise and if the noise is changing over time to see the “moving parts” of a circuit represented by the signal to tell if a malfunctioning component is distracting the signal oscilloscopes come in many different versions (visit the respective sections of the tequipment website) digital analog mixed signal portable pc based versions if the recording of a waveform is required, a digital scope will be applicable. if you need to see the waveform in real time, or to see the original intensity an analog scope would better suit that requirement.  the higher the input signal frequency is, the higher the bandwidth that will be required. if you do not have the appropriate amount of bandwidth, you risk the possibility of not getting accurate results. if there is doubt about the amount of bandwidth that is required, then you should go the next step up. the bandwidth can usually be calculated by this formula: bandwidth = (0.35 / rise time of the signal) the higher the sampling rate, the more accurate and precise the captured waveform is. as the sampling rate increases, it allows for more samples a captured waveform has, for any given period of time. in almost every electric application, including lab use, research and development, and product development there is a need for an oscilloscope to provide waveform analysis. analog oscilloscopes an analog oscilloscope will draw waveforms on its display by deflecting an electron beam that sweeps across its screen horizontally. the beam is vertically deflected in proportion to the applied voltage, which allows the shape to reproduce the shape of the target trace. analog equipment works with continuous variable voltages. analog oscilloscopes can display signals as they happen. the immediate representation of a waveform on the crt (panel) display results in a faster update rate. the crt’s have a higher resolution and faster waveform update rate. the analog oscilloscope displays the signal in real-time with less risk of modifying any part of the original signal. the original intensity of the waveform can be observed with the crt. depending upon application, the intensity of the waveform can be critical. analog oscilloscopes are sometimes preferred by some users. they can both interpolate and aliasing the points between the waveforms. although the analog oscilloscopes do not allow for digital storage and analysis, pre or post triggering information, and high frequency limitations, they can still be used. the basic difference between the digital and analog oscilloscopes is the display signals. the digital scope can display signals that may happen only once and analog scopes can display signals as they happen, or in real-time. to use an analog oscilloscope, there are three basic settings to adjust an incoming signal time base: set the amount of time per division represented on the screen. triggering: use a trigger level to stabilize a repeating signal, or trigger one event. attenuation: adjust the amplitude of the signal before it is applied. what is trace storage? trace storage allows for direct-view storage crt’s. it will display a trace pattern that would normally disappear in seconds to stay on the screen for several minutes. mixed signal oscilloscopes (mso) mixed signal oscilloscopes (mso) can capture both analog and digital signals at once. a mixed signal scope usually combines 2 or 4 analog channels with either 8 or 16 digital ones. this is useful when looking at logic signals after a specific input has occurred when developing a system that combines physical input and computer controls. there are both digital and analog channels that provide the ability to accurately time-correlate both signals. the measurements are compiled by using a single time base on a single display. any combination of these measurements can be used to trigger the scope. the key advantage of the mso is that only one unit is required for conducting tests that you would normally need two units for. an oscilloscope is a test and measurement instrument used primarily to measure voltage over time. the input signal is converted from an analog wave to a series of digital signals. once it is digitized, oscilloscope can then store the information in memory and display it on the screen. the faster the signal is processed, the better the display will be. refer to the above general and digital oscilloscopes discussions that cover the common features of an mso with a dso. applications for mixed signal oscilloscopes aerospace defence industrial electronics communications research and development the mso treats the oscilloscope and logic channels in different ways logic channels: these channels are converted to digital format, where no analog information is shown oscilloscope channels: these channels use an analog to digital converter to allow the analog input to show in digital format mso  scope vs. logic analyzer factors to consider state analysis mso- yes. separate channels for clocks logic analyzer- no. no provision for clock input triggering mso- single events on both the analog and digital channels logic analyzer- advanced sequential capabilities channel count mso- 16 / 32 logic analyzer- 64 – 204 + timing analysis mso- yes logic analyzer- yes what other factors should be considered when purchasing a mixed signal oscilloscope? beyond the basic four specifications, it is common to consider: number of analog channels (typically two or four). if you need to record multiple high-speed signals beyond four, you might want to look at a dedicated recorder. number of digital channels, usually 8 or 16 size of the display is often a consideration. larger, clearer screens make it easier to see multiple signals at once. luckily today's digital storage oscilloscope also has different color lines for each signal. how you capture a signal is also important. this is where triggers come into play. it is often important to see only signals with specific characteristics among the many captured. with most digital storage oscilloscopes, a variety of different trigger types are available to find particular events that happen during signal analysis. if you are looking at packets of serial data, you may also find it useful to decode the signal to make sure that the correct instructions are being sent. protocols such as i2c, spi, can, lin, and rs232 are commonly used to communicate between devices. it is important to make sure that the right commands are communicated when a specific event happens. pc based oscilloscopes pc based oscilloscopes are the modern alternative to the traditional bench top oscilloscope. all data and configurations measured on these oscilloscopes can be saved into a pc for further data analysis. one of the key factors involved is the usb connection. the usb (universal serial bus) is intended for communications between interfaces, such as the oscilloscope and the pc in this instance. pc based oscilloscopes come in either internal or external versions. the external version(s) is a small unit that connects to a pc, usually by a usb. they can be used by a laptop or a desktop computer. the internal version(s) usually come with a plug in card that is pci format. this does not allow for portability and being that the card is placed in the actual pc, there is a lot of noise which could interfere with the results that are being measured. advantages of pc based oscilloscopes: easy to use portable cost effective large display uses already "off-the-shelf" equipment- usb and pc portable oscilloscopes portable oscilloscopes are otherwise known as handheld oscilloscopes. they are typically used for on site contractor maintenance and either in the industrial or electronic field. if you need to move your oscilloscope around to many locations or from bench to bench in your lab, then the portable oscilloscope would be ideal for you. advantages of a portable oscilloscope lightweight easy to use turn on and off quickly <-----help us make this the best it can be! our picks rigol ds1052e 5 of 5 as low as: $329.00 compare pico 2205a 0 reviews as low as: $249.00 compare rigol mso1104z-s 5 of 5 as low as: $1,229.00 compare pico 2204a 0 reviews as low as: $159.00 compare rigol ds1074z 5 of 5 as low as: $492.65 compare 205 westwood ave long branch, nj 07740 m-f 8am - 9pm est 1.877.742.8378 1.732.222.7088 (fax) salesteam@tequipment.net our story about us blog events newsletter careers store my account quote requests how to order shipping policy return policy promotions customer service contact us order status credit application rma form resources all resources video library faqs site map terms & conditions sign up for our newsletter follow us on facebook youtube twitter online security site map | terms & conditions | privacy policy | copyright © 2015 tequipment.net close (x)