来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151228144936/http://www.tequipment.net/service/how-to-order/
================================================================================

how to order | tequipment.net skip to main content an interworld highway, llc company salesteam@tequipment.net call us 1.877.571.7901 my account login log out log out* test order status how to order quote cart cart all products top 20 departments:accessories antennasattenuatorsbatteries and chargersblower door and duct testingcables - misccartscasescase and cart accessoriescoaxial cables dry block bath insertsenclosure accessoriesgas detection accessoriesgeneral accessorieshvac accessoriesjacks /adapters /plugs /clips /terminators/coaxial adapter kitsalligator clipsbanana jacksbanana plugsbreakoutsclip insulatorcoaxial adaptershook clipskelvin clipspincer clipsrf adapterstelecom clipsterminatorslan / telecom connectors and plugsmisc connectors / adapters lab accessorieslcr test fixturesled and lcd displaysmanualsmicrophonesmicroscope accessories condensersfilters/filter accessoriesfocusing blocksreplacement heads motorsoptionspressure calibrator modulesprobes logic probesmultimeter probesoscilloscope probesrf probestemperature probes shuntsrack mounts and stands test standsbroadcast armrack mounts repair parts and fusessoldering accessoriessoftwareswitch and semiconductor modules/access test leads and instrument accessory kits alligator test leadsbanana type test leadsbnc type leadskelvin test leadshook test leadslead wireinstrument accessory kitslead racksmicroleadspincer test leadstelecom test leadstweezer test leadsmisc test leads thermal imager accessoriestraining courses/cds/booksvoltage transformerwarranty and calibration amplifiers / preamps / preamplifiers digital signal amplifiershigh frequency amplifiershigh voltage amplifierspci pxi signal amplifiersmisc amplifiers / preamps / preamplifiers clamp meters clamp meterscurrent clamp adaptors / current clamps dataloggers data acquisition current dataloggersdataloggers for environmental variables temperature dataloggershumidity dataloggersco dataloggerspressure dataloggers data recorderspower dataloggersrun time dataloggers voltage datalogger environmental testers / physical property anemometer / air flowbarometers and altimeterschlorine testerdissolved oxygen meter / fluorideemf / elf meterheat index monitorshumidity metershygrometersmoisture metersph meterspsychrometer refractometers / brixscales / weightsound level metersstopwatches / timers / clockswater quality meters-conductivity / salinityweather measurement signal generators / counters am / fm signal generatorsaudio generatorsfrequency countersfunction generatornoise generatorspulse generatorrf signal generator ground testers ground clamp meters3 pole / 4 pole ground testers hvac equipment and instruments hvac - testing - adjusting - balancing airflow capture hood - balometerhvac manometers and micromanometers hvac manifolds and gauges draft gaugeshvac manifolds hvac vacuum pumpsrefrigerant leak detectorsrefrigerant recovery machines hvac equipment - misc a/c superheat subcool system analyzerscharging scaleheater blankets (hvac)hvac/r measurement kitsrefrigerant identifiersthermostat lcr meters / impedance measurement products capacitance testerslcr metersinductance analyzersimpedance analyzersresistance meters leakage detectors microwave leakage detectorultrasonic leak detectors megohmmeter / insulation resistance testers megohmmeter / insulation resistance testers micro-ohmmeter / milliohmmeter micro-ohmmeter / dlro / bond testingmilli-ohmmeter multimetersoscilloscopes digital oscilloscopesanalog oscilloscopesmixed signal oscilloscopes (mso)pc based oscilloscopesportable oscilloscopestop selling oscilloscopes pc based msos power measurement power quality analyzerpower loggersenergy management power displaysrf / microwave power metersvoltage event recorderswatt meter power supplies ac power suppliesdc power supplies / lab power suppliesac/dc power supplieselectronic loadsuninterruptible power supply (ups) process / calibration frequency calibratorsmilliamp calibratorsmultifunction calibratorspressure calibration calibration pumpsdeadweight testerspressure calibratorsprocess pressure gauges pressure transmitters signal calibrators loop calibratorsvoltage calibrators temperature calibration infrared calibrators / blackbodiesrtd calibratorstemperature bathsthermocouple calibrators radiometric chroma meterslcd analyzerled analyzerlight meters / illuminance metersluminance meterspectroradiometeruv meter safety testing / surge testing hipot testerground bond testersleakage current testersimpulse / surge testersmedical device safety testers soldering equipment soldering equipmentbga rework stationdesoldering equipment/rework stationsdispensing equipmentfume extractionhot air gunslead forming equipmentnozzlespre-heatersoldering pots soldering standsstatic controltips spectrum analyzers spectrum analyzersfield strength meters tdr and cable length metersthermal imagers building and industrial thermal imagersdriver vision vehicle thermal imagersfire first responder thermal imagersfixed mount thermal imagershunting and outdoor thermal imagerslaw enforcement thermal imagersmarine thermal imagersthermal imager ir windowsscientific thermal imagers video test equipment rasterizersvideo signal generatorwaveform monitors 3d printing 3d printers3d printer filaments3d scanners3d printer accessories3d printing softwarevalue packseducational packs clearancesee all 200 departments!brands# - a 3d maker jet3d systems3doodleraaroniaaccumacaccutrakacr systemsadam equipmentadaptiveadash americaadvanced fiberaemcagilent airwolf 3dairy technologiesaltekamicroamprobeanaheimaoipapplied instrumentsargusarmadaarmasightash visionauburn av toolboxamerican weigh scales b - e b&w casesbacharachbeehivebestscopebigrepbk precisionbwbyte brotherscal testcompliance westcompuvideocookedelmhorst digitrondigivacdimension polymersdranetzdwyere instrumentseagle eyeeclipse toolseetoolselencoemersoneremericson etiextechez digital f - h fieldpieceflashforgeflirflukefluke networksfocal uprightfull spectrum laserfuel3dge druckgeneral toolsghzoptikglobal specialtiesgme gossen metrawattgossengraphtecgti predictiveguardprohakkohameghammondhart scientifichiokihobo by onsethovercamht instruments i - l idealideal networksiet labsinnovativeinnoventionsinstekintelligent weighing technologyiwatsuiwhinternational medcomjanatekkaltmankanomax keithleyken-a-visionkenwoodkestrelknightkocchilabnationlascarleaderleaptronixlecroyleicaliberty ltl acornlulzbotluxo m - o m3dmakerbotmark-10marshallmartelmastercoolmatter and formmaynuomazur instrumentsmeggermeiji technomeriammetex micro tempmicsigmilwaukeemonarchmoticmyron lnknorthwest instrumentoc whiteohausowl p - r panametricsp3 internationalpaladin toolspalmerpanavisepelicanphenixpicopieplatinum toolsplatoplattpmk pomonaprintspaceprocomsolpromaxprostatprotekproximapulsar thermalramsey electronicsraytekreedremconretrotec rhopointrigolrobinairroboxrohde & schwarz s - t santronicsstorage battery systemsscienscopescientechseawardseek thermalshimposiglentsimpsonskfsoekssperrystatico steinelsummit technologysurgexteledyne lecroyt3 innovationstabor electronicstechnetektronixtelevestestotiertimetiftime electronics tpitramextripletttsi alnorttitvbtechtvone u - z ueueiunisourceunited infraredvaisalavellemanversatile powerveto pro pacvibralignvitrekwahlwahl solderingwatts up wellerwilcomxcelitexeltekxitronxyz printingyokogawazortrax featured brands » featured brands deals current promotions clearance deals resources » top categories > oscilloscopes multimeters power supplies thermal imagers all home how to order email print this page share how to order orders shipping returns international policy documents credit application contract information additional information orders contact us. at tequipment.net, customer satisfaction is our number one priority. we are committed to providing our customers with top-notch support before, during and after your sale. you can contact us in many ways: online, by phone, via fax, or in person at the tequipment.net office. no matter which method you choose, you will find our customer service support staff to be concerned, knowledgeable and helpful. remember, we are not satisfied until you are. carefully read the information below regarding the proper handling of your new equipment. following these guidelines will make your experience with customer service easier and more pleasant and will help expedite any transactions. if you are unsure of the product you are ordering, please consult with someone from our sales team before purchasing. unfortunately, we cannot refund shipping charges for inadvertent purchases. tequipment.net 205 westwood ave long branch, nj 07740 phone: 1-877-742-8378 fax: 1-732-222-7088 email: salesteam@tequipment.net online chat: available 9:00am - 5:00pm est quote request: secure quote request form ordering by phone. all express orders, overnight, second day, and three day deliveries placed by phone must be received by 2:00pm eastern standard time in order for us to attempt to ship it out that day. ordering online or by fax. all express orders, overnight, second day, and three day deliveries placed online or by fax must be submitted by 1:00pm eastern standard time in order for us to attempt to ship it out that day. tracking your order. email orders@tequipment.net for a response regarding shipping status and tracking numbers of orders placed. tracking numbers are usually e-mailed when the package ships. you can also view this tracking number by logging into the my account section on our website. for inquiries - please note: you must indicate the order number in the subject of your email. receipt of merchandise. upon receipt of your new merchandise, please inspect it carefully as to the contents and its condition. all claims for damaged or missing items must be reported to us within two (2) business days of receipt of merchandise. in the event your package or product arrives damaged in shipment, it is your responsibility to contact the carrier to ensure full refund/replacement. all packaging must be retained until the problem has been resolved and we strongly recommend that you document the damage where possible. carefully unpack and inspect all merchandise. please do not damage the manufacturer's packaging or fill out the manufacturer's warranty cards until you are absolutely sure you want to keep your merchandise. we cannot accept merchandise for return with completed warranty cards, damaged or missing collateral material and where the packaging has been destroyed or written on. do not throw away any of the packaging materials such as boxes, instructions, inserts, bags, etc. until you are completely sure you want to keep the equipment. read all instruction manuals before testing your equipment. please make sure to keep your invoice with your important records. out of stock / backorder. occasionally, certain items may be out of stock. if an item you selected is temporarily out of stock at the time of your order, it will be noted on your packing slip. unless otherwise requested, in-stock items will ship immediately and backordered items will be shipped as soon as they are available. please be assured that you will not be charged for any item until it is shipped. if for any reason you wish to cancel a backordered item, please contact us and we will be happy to assist you. specially ordered items may not be canceled. shipping shipping policies. we try to ship your order on the same day we receive it. we ship only on standard business days. if your shipment is time-sensitive, please call before ordering to confirm that we will be able to meet your requirements. we will make all reasonable efforts to initiate shipment and schedule delivery as close as possible to your requested delivery date(s). however, please keep in mind that our delivery dates are estimates only and shipments may be affected by factors outside our control that we cannot be responsible for delays or shipping errors caused by the shipment carriers. orders may not be canceled or rescheduled after the order has been submitted by tequipment.net to the shipment carrier. carrier. we primarily ship ups and fedex. other carrier services may be available upon request. however, we reserve the right to ship with the carrier of our choice when necessary. shipping charges vary per item but we try our best to charge exact shipping prices. please contact us for a quote. overnight, 2nd day, and priority shipping are available on most items. contact us if you have any questions. terms. all shipments by tequipment.net are f.o.b. point of shipment from tequipment.net's facility. you are responsible to pay all shipment charges, which are in addition to the purchase price of the products. we may make deliveries in installments, as necessary. returns return / exchange policy all returns and exchanges must be processed in accordance with the instructions below and must include a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. please complete and submit our online rma form. a representative will review the request and will provide further instruction on how to proceed. please allow 48-72 business hours to review and investigate the rma request. if an item is returned without an rma number or contrary to the instructions provided, we reserve the right to either refuse the return or to charge a restocking fee of no less than fifteen percent (15%) of the original item price, at our discretion. if your item is defective, over-sized, or non-cancellable/non-returnable, please see the appropriate section below. you may return or exchange an item, with an approved rma, within thirty (30) days of receipt. no restocking fees will be assessed if the rma is requested within the first seven days of ownership. please inspect all items upon arrival and notify us of any discrepancies within 48 hours. once an rma is issued, you have thirty (30) days to initiate the shipment of returning the item as described below. if the item is not returned within that time period, a new rma number must be requested and re-approved. we reserve the right to refuse re-approval. the item must be shipped by a traceable shipping method and the tracking information must be provided for record purposes. expect delays in the return process if no tracking is provided. we refund the full cost of the merchandise and all original shipping charges if your return is a result of our error or defective product. if the return is not a result of our error or defective product and you obtain an rma and return the item unopened/like new within the designated period, we will refund the full cost of the merchandise. all shipping costs are non-refundable. we inspect all returned items within 48 hours of arrival at our processing facility. items must be returned in the original packaging and in the same condition as sold, and must include all product literature/instructions and blank warranty cards. please do not write or place any stickers or labels on the original manufacturer’s packaging. if you return an item that has been opened or shows signs of wear or damage, a restocking fee will be assessed. if credit is issued towards future purchases, the credit must be used with one (1) year of the date that credit was issued, or that credit is forfeited. return / exchange instructions. your rma number and original order number must be written on the outside of your return package. please do not write on the manufacturer’s packaging. this may result in a restocking fee. it is the customer’s responsibility to prepay all return shipping costs. we suggest you insure your item for its full value as tequipment.net is not responsible for lost or damaged merchandise. if we receive the product damaged or it is lost in transit, you are responsible for filing any claims directly with your shipping company. requests for rma are processed during work days between 9-5pm est. please allow at least 48-72 business hours from receipt for a reply as to how we will proceed. please complete the rma form in order for your request to be processed. you may also email rma@tequipment.net. defective products/damaged products upon reviewing your rma request, tequipment.net may require manufacturer technical support to be contacted. proof of contact may be requested, i.e. name of support tech, case number, ticket number, etc. upon confirmation that the product is defective, we will provide you with a rma number and specific return instructions, as some defective products may require return directly to the manufacturer or a specific statement of the defect. if your product arrives damaged in shipment, you should note that with the shipper immediately and contact us within 1-2 business days of receipt of goods. delays may result in denied claims. “receipt of goods” is defined as arrival at order’s destination address. wherever possible, you should document the damage (images will be extremely helpful). over-sized item return policy. over-sized and heavy products are defined as items either exceeding two feet by three feet or weighing in excess of fifty (50) pounds and will be subject to a twenty five to fifty percent (25% to 50%) restocking fee based upon the actual size and weight. you must contact us in advance of returning the item and we will advise you of the restocking fee. additionally, you will be responsible to pay the original shipping fee, and return shipping fee if we receive an over-sized item return for any of the following reasons: 1) you refuse a delivery without inspection; 2) you miss a delivery appointment or; 3) you return a non-defective or undamaged product. by purchasing an over-sized product, you authorize tequipment.net and/or its carriers to assess additional fees to your credit card as necessary, and to deduct original and return shipping costs from your refund or otherwise charge them to your credit card after we receive the return product back at our warehouse. non-cancelable / non-returnable products. the following items are non-cancelable/non-returnable: 1) special order items, defined as products outside the realm of our normal existing stock and/or items that include factory installed options; 2) accessories, defined as but is not limited to: books, carrying cases, batteries, fuses, replacement bulbs, software, dvd’s and/or other consumable items. over-sized items may also be non-cancelable/non-returnable. please consult your product specialist for details. international returns. the following items are non-cancelable/non-returnable: 1) special order items, defined as products outside the realm of our normal existing stock and/or items that include factory installed options; 2) accessories, defined as but is not limited to: books, carrying cases, batteries, fuses, replacement bulbs, software, dvd’s and/or other consumable items. over-sized items may also be non-cancelable/non-returnable. please consult your product specialist for details. international international orders. we are happy to ship to our customers who are located internationally. international orders are subject to additional handling charges, higher shipping rates, and applicable customs, duties and taxes, all of which are the responsibility of the customer. they may require 3-5 business days or more of additional processing time prior to shipment. packing slips for international shipments cannot be marked as a "gift" or with altered prices. some brands may not be shipped to certain destinations due to manufacturer restrictions. warranties. please be aware that many manufacturers’ warranties do not provide coverage outside the us, and some products may not be exported under any circumstances due to manufacturers' restrictions or united states federal regulations. tequipment.net makes no representations regarding warranty coverage, compatibility, or serviceability for products that are used outside the us. you are responsible for the back and forth shipping and brokerage charges for returns, exchanges and warranty issues - this includes any unit that arrives doa. pricing. all prices on our site are in us dollars. if you are a non-us customer, your credit card company will normally convert your order total from us dollars to your local currency. we do not have control over the exchange rate, but you can get an idea of what it might be by checking this site http://www.xe.com/. we are not responsible for any change in the exchange rate that happens from the point you place your order and the time your credit card is charged. minimum orders. minimum export order is u.s. $299.00, f.o.b. shipping point. canada, u.s. possessions, embassies and u.s. government installations are exempt from the minimum order requirement. payment terms. export orders are accepted on the basis of payment in advance of shipment by wire transfer, or credit card. for international non-usa/non-canadian credit card orders, please contact us by phone at +1-732-222-7077 or by email at salesteam@tequipment.net. do not send payment information containing credit card numbers or financial account information via unencrypted email or fax. sending sensitive payment information through unencrypted email may not be secure, and we will not be responsible for any loss associated with that practice. please reference your order number on your fax or email. *please note we do not accept certified check or banks draft; us postal money orders only. postal money orders should be mailed directly to: tequipment.net 205 westwood ave long branch, nj 07740 usa wire transfers and information. please notify us by email or fax when the transfer is made so we can track your payment and process it in a timely manner. please reference your order number on your fax or email. export terms of sale. standard export quotation pricing is f.o.b. shipping point, at which point legal title and responsibility for goods is transferred to the buyer. c&f, c.i.f. and f.a.s. quotation will be offered upon request. charges for insurance and shipping will be added to the invoice unless other arrangements were made. a handling charge will apply for special consular certification, export documentation or special packaging for sea freight. buyer is responsible for tariffs or import duties. we will not accept back or refund packages on the grounds that you were not aware of these fees. any taxes or shipping fees that go unpaid will automatically be charged to your account. interworld highway llc and its affiliate companies are not responsible for the following. delays due to customs, documentation needed for pick up, additional storage fees for holding a package, power of attorney or other form letters for release of package. export compliance. by proceeding with a transaction to purchase any items from tequipment.net, the buyer certifies that it will comply with all requirements imposed by all applicable united states and international laws, regulations and administrative policies. end user forms when needed must be completed entirely and will be sent back to be completed if not. we have the right to cancel an order based on the end user an its location. explanation. united states law prohibits the sale, transfer, or export of items to embargoed countries and entities on the department of state's list of debarred parties, the department of commerce's denied persons list, and the department of the treasury's specially designated nationals and blocked persons list. it is the buyer's responsibility to be aware of the lists of embargoed countries, debarred parties, denied persons, and specially designated nationals and blocked persons. these lists can be found at the u.s. government websites listed below. interworld highway llc and its affiliate companies are not responsible for: delays due to customs, documentation needed for pick up, additional storage fees for holding a package, power of attorney or other form letters for release of package. international shipments using usps. please be advised should you chose to use usps, you do so at your own risk. you will need to abide by the guidelines and regulations put forth by usps in filing a claim. please be advised these claims may take several months before a resolution is reached. we cannot issue any type of refund until the usps settles the claim. once the claim is settled a credit will be issued minus any deductible imposed by the post office. note usps will not ensure packages shipped to many countries. policy documents tequipment.net terms & conditions of use tequipment.net privacy policy tequipment.net return & exchange policy credit application credit application form rma online form rma online form contract information tequipment.net is pleased to be a new york state contract holder. duns & brad: 129870007 | cage code: 3glb3 | gsa: gs03f0189v additional information u.s. department of commerce bureau of industry and security phone: (202) 482-4811 website: http://www.bis.doc.gov u.s. department of state bureau of political-military affairs directorate of defense trade control phone: (202) 663-2980 website: http://www.pmdtc.org u.s. department of the treasury office of foreign assets controls phone: (202) 622-2480 website: http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac top of page 205 westwood ave long branch, nj 07740 m-f 8am - 9pm est 1.877.742.8378 1.732.222.7088 (fax) salesteam@tequipment.net our story about us blog events newsletter careers store my account quote requests how to order shipping policy return policy promotions customer service contact us order status credit application rma form resources all resources video library faqs site map terms & conditions sign up for our newsletter follow us on facebook youtube twitter online security site map | terms & conditions | privacy policy | copyright © 2015 tequipment.net close (x)