来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231115412/https://www.tequipment.net/service/faq/
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | tequipment menu name member price inactive member price active brands top departments clamp meters signal generators / counters ground testers hvac equipment and instruments life sciences equipment megohmmeter / insulation resistance testers micro-ohmmeter / milliohmmeter multimeters oscilloscopes power measurement power supplies process / calibration reliability / preventative maint / rotational safety testing / surge testing soldering equipment spectrum analyzers thermal imagers work from home essential gear all departments on sale / clearance my account view all orders request a quote tracking and shipping sign in / create accountlog out select your country how can we help you? questions? toll free: (877) 571-7901 local: (732) 728-2590 salesteam@tequipment.net my account log in to your account sign in to see your member price, rewards, orders, tracking and more. sign in not a member yet? it's free! join why join? gain access to exclusive pricing, rewards and more! member pricing & rewards active my account orders quote history my saved carts logout name (877) 571-7901sales@tequipment.net my account how can we help today? member pricing & rewards are active. orders quote history my saved carts log out () shop by category brands promotionsclearance select your country member price inactivecreate a free account to unlock your savings member price active top categoriesclamp meterssignal generators / countersground testershvac equipment and instruments life sciences equipmentmegohmmeter / insulation resistance testersmicro-ohmmeter / milliohmmetermultimetersoscilloscopespower measurementpower suppliesprocess / calibrationreliability / preventative maint / rotationalsafety testing / surge testingsoldering equipmentspectrum analyzersthermal imagersshop all categories fluke ii900 sonic industrial imager lets maintenance teams visually locate air, gas and vacuum leaks quickly and accurately.shop now flir e95 ir camera - the best performance, resolution, & sensitivity in its classshop now fluke networks flir rigol megger hioki hakko extech instek weller aemc bacharach dranetz emerson greenlee jbc mark-10 druck vitrek fieldpiece view all brands × homefrequently asked questions frequently asked questions can't find what you're looking for? call 1-(877) 571-7901 or send us an email orderstatus@tequipment.net payment information / placing an order how can i send in a purchase order? you can send a purchase order via email to orders@tequipment.net, fax it to 732-222-7088 or mail it in. we also accept purchase orders online once a net 30 account has been established. how long does it take to get approved for net 30? most approvals take less than one hour. in some rare cases term approval can take longer depending on credit information or if additional credit references are needed. if you need the order processed quicker, you can pay for the first order with another method of payment, such as a credit card. if items are backordered, we cannot order the units for you until we receive notification that net 30 has been approved or another form of payment is used. did you receive my purchase order? please allow 24 hours for your purchase order to be processed. you can then check our orderstatus module for the ship date and copy of your sales order. should you not see your order online, please contact customer service at orderstatus@tequipment.net or call us at 1-877-571-7901 to confirm your po has been received. i sent over a po, when will i get confirmation? thank you for your purchase order! you will receive an e-mail confirmation once your sales order has been processed. once you receive an email containing your sales order number you can log into our website to check status. i am a net 30 customer with terms. do i need to send a physical purchase order? yes. company policy states you must email or fax in a purchase order. this policy is in place to protect both our customers and ourselves from any discrepancies. having a po confirms what is being ordered, the price of the item(s) you are ordering and where you would like your items shipped. i cannot change a po to reflect freight, what should i do? please have the purchasing agent whose signature is on the po send us an email stating “we accept the freight costs in the amount of $xx.xx. please add to our po#....” does your company accept terms? yes, just email your purchase order to orders@tequipment.net. our order processing team will automatically begin the net terms approval process. most approvals take less than one hour. no credit application needed. if you wish to apply for net terms before sending us a purchase order please complete our online credit application if you need a copy of our credit application, please contact our customer service team and they will assist you. please return the completed application with your bank and trade references to us via fax, 732-222-7088 or email, creditapp@tequipment.net. please allow 7-10 business days for your application to be completed. please understand the approval process depends on how quickly your references return information to us. should we have questions, our accounting department will contact you. what is your tax id#? 20-2111443 can i use more than one credit card? yes however each credit card must be in your name and billing address. what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, m/c, discover and amex. we also accept bank transfers and payments via paypal. you can submit a payment via paypal by sending the payment to paypal@tequipment.net please make sure you reference your quote or order number when submitting the payment so the funds may be applied correctly. do you accept diners club? no, at this time we currently do not accept diners club credit cards. can i use a personal check to pay for my order? please note we do not accept certified check or banks draft; us postal money orders only. i have a daily limit on my corporate card, is there a way to process the payment over several days? yes, please call customer service to place the order and provide them with your daily limit. order processing will be able to run your card in accordance with your limit. your order however will remain on credit hold until the card is run for the amount owed. how can i make a payment using paypal? you can submit a payment via paypal by sending the payment to paypal@tequipment.net please make sure you reference your quote or order number when submitting the payment so the funds may be applied correctly. can i buy it now and you bill me for it later? our company offers net terms. just email your purchase order to orders@tequipment.net. our order processing team will automatically begin the net terms approval process. most approvals take less than one hour. no credit application needed. if you need a copy of our credit application, please contact our customer service team and they will assist you. please return the completed application with your bank and trade references to us via fax, 732-222-7088 or email, creditapp@tequipment.net please allow 7-10 business days for your application to be completed. please understand the approval process depends on how quickly your references return information to us. should we have questions, our accounting department will contact you. international orders (borderfree) i placed an online order shipping internationally. where can i find more information? please refer to https://www.borderfree.com/faq/ for more information. is there an order minimum for online purchases shipping internationally? there is no minimum for web orders shipping internationally. international orders (quotes) i received a quote, how can i place the order? you may place your order by clicking the "place order" button located at the bottom right hand corner of your quote. this will send you directly to checkout and allow you to place your order online. i received the proforma from the salesman and i want to make a wire transfer. how long until the wire is received and my order can be processed? international wire transfers can take up to 5 business days to be safely deposited into our account. once the monies are received, your order will be entered into our system. your order will be entered and processed according to our standard international orders protocol at this time. any other sort of deposits (ach, eft, direct deposits) for domestic customers normally take 1-2 days. your order will then be entered and confirmed. please try to reference proforma/quote number/order number when filling out the transfer/deposit paperwork with your bank as that will help expedite the process. i am an international customer, can i purchase from you? yes, please see our terms and conditions for details. you may also be asked to provide additional information when your order is received. should you choose not to provide the additional documentation associated with international credit cards, you also have the option of paying for your order via bank transfer or by paypal. your company charged me a $25 bank fee, but i don’t see that reflected in my order? can you put that on the invoice or refund me the $25? unfortunately, that bank fee is charged by the bank, not by us, and we have to pass that fee onto our customers. we cannot alter the invoice to match what you paid because often we do not receive the full amount and have to adjust our invoice/order to match what we received from the bank. my country places high taxes on imported goods. can you please change the invoice to reflect only $100, or state that it is a gift? our sales orders and invoices are all system generated, and we cannot alter any invoices to reflect different pricing for customs clearance. this is illegal as per the us export guidelines and could result in severe fines imposed on both the shipper and the receiver. i want to order fluke/fluke networks products but i live overseas. we are authorized to sell and ship fluke/fluke networks products only within the united states. we apologize for the inconvenience and will be happy to offer you comparable non-fluke items. i work at a school in another country, can i get educational pricing? unfortunately at this time we can only offer edu pricing to schools in the us. i am in another country and i need to import this item, can you quote me without vat? we don’t include vat in our pricing. you would be responsible for any taxes your country charges to import an item. shipping when is my order going to ship? what is my tracking number? you can access your information by logging into my account section of our site. if you do not have an account set up you can register or use the single order lookup by email address by typing in the email address you used for your order and your order number. once your order has shipped, the email address on the account will receive an invoice including the tracking number of the items that have shipped. i placed an order to ship via usps. how long is that going to take to arrive at my location? we can only ship via the us postal service from our west coast warehouse when inventory is available. if you must utilize usps, please call to confirm stock availability. items that need to ship from any other location cannot ship via usps. alternately, you can select a different carrier or if the order is placed via usps, we will request your approval to ship via a different carrier so you can receive your items quicker. also please note that while usps does provide tracking, their system is only updated at certain points in the route, and you may receive the items sooner or later than their system indicates. how will my product be shipped with free shipping? with free shipping, your product will be shipped via ups or fedex ground. i should be given free shipping per your website. why am i being charged? if your order contains items that do not qualify for the free shipping you will be charged the cost to ship those items. also note, free ground shipping is valid only within the contiguous united states and excludes alaska and hawaii please contact us if you would like to find out more about which items qualify for free shipping. can i ship it overnight (2nd day, three day, etc)? yes, as long as the product is in stock. all express orders, overnight, second day, and three day deliveries placed by phone must be received by 2:00pm eastern standard time in order for us to attempt to ship it out same day. can i ship using my fedex/ups or dhl account #? yes, please send us an email with your company name, address and account number stating you authorize tequipment to ship using your account. we will verify your account with the carrier. can i ship with my own freight account? yes, however, you will have to provide a completed bol and have your freight company contact us to schedule the pick-up. stock / availability does your website show stock? at this time our website does not provide stock information for all products. you will however receive an email confirmation with your estimated ship dates once your order is processed. why has my ship date been pushed back? at times we are waiting on shipments from the manufacturers who may encounter part or component issues in manufacturing the products. this may cause a delayed ship date as the unit must pass quality control before shipping out. while we do our best to get your products out to you quickly, these manufacturer delays are unfortunately out of our control. your website said these parts were in stock- why are they delayed? we apologize for any miscommunication however, it is possible that the unit reflecting stock was allocated to another order. we send an email once your order is processed with estimated shipping dates. when i called last week i was told my order would ship in 3-5 days but now it says it won’t ship for 2 weeks? we try to ship your order on the same day we receive it. we ship only on standard business days. if your shipment is time-sensitive, please call before ordering to confirm that we will be able to meet your requirements. we will make all reasonable efforts to initiate shipment and schedule delivery as close as possible to your requested delivery date(s). however, please keep in mind that our delivery dates are estimates only and shipments may be affected by factors outside our control that we cannot be responsible for delays or shipping errors caused by the shipment carriers. orders may not be canceled or rescheduled after the order has been submitted by tequipment to the shipment carrier. i told my customer the date you gave me and now they are fining me due to your delays. can you expedite shipping at your expense? please contact us and our representatives will assist you. is everything in stock? we make every effort to keep ample stock on hand for frequently ordered items. in addition to the stock we have available in our main shipping facilities, we also have access to several smaller warehouses located throughout the united states. due to the vast amount of items offered on our site as well as custom built offerings, immediate stock availability is not guaranteed. if you need your item delivered urgently, please contact one of our customer service representatives to assist you. general questions how can i check to see what we ordered previously? you can log into your account by going to my account section on our website. how do i go about canceling my order? please contact our customer service team at orderstatus@tequipment.net or call us at 1-877-571-7901 and they will assist you with this matter. what is your return policy? you can find our return policy here.  you will also find the an electronic rma form that can be completed and submitted online. if there are any issues that require immediate assistance, please contact rma@tequipment.net or call 732-222-7077 why are there two charges on my card? credit and debit card differences credit cards: when you place the order online an authorization is taken on the credit card. you will be invoiced and your credit card charged as your order ships. the original authorization taken at the time your order was placed is a hold to insure the funds are available. the authorization will drop off anywhere from 5-45 days after the card is authorized depending upon your financial institutions regulations. please contact them for their policy. debit cards: when a pre-authorization is placed on a debit card, some financial institutions may draft this from your account upfront. are all your products new on your website new? yes, all products on our website are new unless noted. at times we offer specials on factory refurb items. can i rent a product? please call our office at 732-222-7077 and ask to speak to sales about our leasing program. how do i get a price quote? please email us at salesteam@tequipment.net or call us at 1-877-571-7901 with the items you are interested in along with your shipping address for accurate freight costs. where is your company located? our main office is located in long branch, nj 07740.  however, we do ship from our alternate warehouses as well. feel free to contact us about your specific order if you are trying to calculate transit time. how do i check order status and get invoice copies online? click order status at the top of the tequipment homepage or here: order status next there are three access methods: login to your account with your email and password or use the email address on the order plus the sales order or purchase order number or use the fax number on the order plus the sales order or purchase order number order status example. shows where to click for invoice copy invoice example we'd love to hear from you (877) 571-7901 local: (732) 728-2590 send us an email live chat real people, here to help you. get connected join the community and find out what we're up to, experience live product releases, webinars and more! my account my account shipping & returns international orders faqs payment options promotions & offers clearance promotions product demos become a partner government / educational pricing resources about us credit application rma form terms and conditions privacy policy company interworld highway, llc open mon-fri 7am to 7pm est 205 westwood avenue. long branch, nj 07740 contact us buy from people, not just the internet™ copyright © 2019 tequipment we now ship to your country with borderfree. × chat with us x