来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231112855/http://www.bulkapothecary.com/raw-ingredients/bulk-natural-oils/grapeseed-oil/
================================================================================

buy wholesale grapeseed / grape seed oil at the best bulk prices online loading... please wait... call us toll free 1.888.968.7220 your account sign out contact about us gift cards clearance sign in create an account contact about us gift cards clearance shopping cart view cart checkout search soap soap booksmelt and pour soap basessoap moldssoap colorsdried botanicalsseedspackaging and labelsother additivesequipment and tools candles candle color blockslabels and packagingcandle jarscandle moldscandle waxcandle wicks craft beer accessoriesadditivesbooks on home brewingbottlingcandi syrups and sugarscleaner and sanitizerdry maltsequipment kitsingredient kitsleaf hopsmalt syrup extractspellet hopsspices, herbs and fruitssugars and adjunctsyeast essential oil supplements raw ingredients bulk natural oilsbulk seedsclayscolorsdried botanicals and flowersother ingredients and chemicalspreservativeswaxes and butters fragrance/flavor flavorfragrances bases containers glass bottlesplastic bottlesclosuresglass apothecary jarslip balm containersplastic jars lip balm massage misc decorative bagsunique itemsbath & body inspired lotionsdiffusers and reedstools and equipmentbooks categories soap making candle making beer making essential oils raw ingredients fragrance & flavor supplements unscented bases containers lip balm massage misc clearance center shop by brand now bulk apothecary milky way molds hop union brewers best briess muntons storey publishing ld carlson crafters choice view all homeraw ingredients grapeseed oil click to enlarge sku: bna-9 brand: bulk apothecary condition: weight: rating: 13 product reviews availability: shipping: calculated at checkout minimum purchase: unit(s) maximum purchase: unit(s) : gift wrapping: original price: choose your options * size: 1 lb - $3.97 8 lb - $25.98 40 lb - $93.98 price: $3.97 buy in bulk and save quantity: product description pure food grade grape seed oil we are a massive end user and distributor of bulk grape seed / grapeseed oil. because of our volumes we are able to offer the best wholesale grapeseed oil prices of any other supplier online. grape seed oil a natural by-product of winemaking, it is obtained through pressing the seeds of grapes. the benefits and uses grape seed oil as a natural health supplement grape seeds are packed with vitamin e, flavonoids, linoleic acid and oligomeric proanthocyanidin complexes (furthermore referred to as opcs). these opcs have been shown, in several studies, to reduce the symptoms of chronic venous insufficiency; that is the pooling of blood in the legs causing visible veins, pain, swelling and fatigue. naturally cholesterol free, there is a possibility that grape seed oil can help promote “good” (hdl) cholesterol and lower the “bad” (ldl). although studies on the benefits of grapes tend to focus on the “french paradox” and whether france’s lower heart disease rate is due to the alcohol in red wine, or the flavonoids. for health vitality produced by cold-pressing grape seeds, it contains vitamins, minerals, proteins, lipids, carbohydrates and antioxidants. the opcs are however the most impressive benefit. thought to be much more powerful than vitamins e or c, these opcs are more concentrated in the seeds of red and black grapes. thanks to its ability to help preserve the natural flavors found in other foods, cook at high temperatures without smoking, burning or splattering, grape seed oil has been a staple for chefs. try replacing your traditional cooking oil used for frying, baking, or sautéing with this versatile product. for hair and skin care looking for a hair moisturizer that doesn’t leave your style weighed down and feeling greasy? grape seed oil is a light, penetrating conditioner that will moisturize without leaving an oily residue. excellent for naturally thick and coarse, as well as fine and dense, this product can be useful to almost anyone. blow-drying damages hair follicles, grape seed oil’s natural resistivity to heat not only benefits in cooking, but will protect your hair from the harshness of your blow-dryer. suffer from shiny, oily looking skin? grape seed oil, when applied properly, can help regulate your skin’s natural oil production. mix with tea tree oil and dab on problem acne spots with a cotton swab. put a few drops on a cotton ball for a safe and effective eye makeup remover that conditions lashes as well as you eyelashes. try as massage oil that is compatible with all skin types and makes a great carrier for essential oils to add an aroma therapeutic effect. soap making for soap making, nothing else compares and it should be incorporated in every batch made. almost completely odorless, very light and easily absorbed into the skin, grape seed oil also has mild astringent properties that tighten skin and help those who suffer with acne or other skin problems. containing palmitic, palmitoleic, searic, oleic, linoleic, alpha linolenic, icosanoic, icosenoic and docosanoic fatty acids, choosing it for your soaps is an obvious choice. it will add to the softness of your bar and enrich its lather. these amazing properties also mean a lesser shelf life, so make sure you use sparingly or enhance the shelf life of the bar by adding oil with a longer shelf life. lowest prices while grape seed oil can be found in many retailers and drug/health food stores, their prices have been inflated to cover the costs of distribution (bottling, storing, shipping, labor, etc.). we offer the lowest prices directly to the consumer. not only will you save money on a pure and natural product that can be used in many ways, you feel good knowing you are making less of an impact on the environment by cutting out the middle-man. the history of grape seed oil the grape was first cultivated sometime between 8,000 and 8,500 years ago in the neolithic era. despite what you may think, it wasn’t originally native to sicily, southern italy, spain and france. instead the greeks and phoenicians, from the area that is now modern day georgia, armenia, and azerbaijan, brought it from these areas as it spread also throughout the middle east. it was the roman empire that then spread the grapevine throughout europe. after the fall of the romans, wine making became entrenched in monasteries and other social customs. while around for millennia, the oils were not extracted until the 20th century due to the lower percentage of it's oil as compared to other seeds or nuts used for their oils. bulk apothecary is a bulk supplier of wholesale grape oil, grape seed oil and grapeseed oil. all three terms are interchangeable in the industry. this oil is used universally in the food and cosmetic industries. one of the noticeable characteristics of grape seed oil is its unique green appearance, mild odor and taste. the benefit of grape seed oil is it's high smoke point and high concentration of oleic and linoleic essential fatty acids. bulk apothecary is a wholesale supplier of bulk grape seed oil otherwise known as bulk grape oil and bulk grape seed oil. the high smoke point in particular makes grape seed oil great for frying and other culinary applications. furthermore, its mild flavor makes bulk grape seed oil great it's ability to not interfere with the foods flavors. the high level of essential fatty acids makes our wholesale grape seed oil great for all types of personal care products and cosmetics. it is a natural moisturizer, and is found in countless products including but not limited to lip balms, soaps and lotions. it's amazing ability to absorb, also makes it a great all-natural massage oil. reviews there are 13 review(s) for this product showing reviews 1-10 of 13 | next » excellent quality product by john rph (ret) – 2nd jul 2013 as one of the first ever compounding pharmacists, i would equivocate the quality of apothecary's grapeseed oil to any professional product currently made. best grapeseed oil on the market by cheryl egert – 29th jun 2013 i have bought this product elsewhere and the results have not been pleasant - odor or clarity.. i started buying it here and will never go anywhere else. i use it for infusions and the clarity stays true, there is no odor and the quality mixes well with essential oils. i am very pleased with this product. well done! love it by lorrie – 27th jun 2013 my son has a hard time sleeping so i give him back massages on occasion to get to sleep. that grapeseed oil worked great! he was out like a light. good oil low price! by your name – 19th jun 2013 this is good product, i was surprised at the size of the bottle, its a big bottle and the price is very low for the amount of oil that is in this bottle. this oil will last me a long time, all i need is a little bit to use in soaps and other things, i will order my oils from here for now on. in a few words, please title your review by sa – 19th jun 2013 very happy with this product. i bought the 8lb container. i haven't worked with grapeseed oil before but i needed to change up the oils i was using and this one works beautifully. very light weight, very light scent. i'll be back for more. infused salad oil by gabrielle – 9th jun 2013 i am using this oil in conjuction with extra virgin olive oil to create my own lemon and mandarin infused salad oils. this oil is excellent as it softens the taste of the olive oil and adds stability to the salad oil once infused with the fruit oils. sugar scrub by annmarie – 29th may 2013 perfect texture for making sugar scrub. love it! grapeseed oil in soap by sara reeves – 28th may 2013 i recently bought this to make homemade soap. it work perfectly. i will definitely be buying this again. good product at a good price by bodyworks massage – 24th may 2013 this is a light oil that is great for multipurpose massage work. it absorbs quickly, so the client doesn't leave looking like an oil spill, and it launders from linens well too. i use this at home for my after bath moisturizer as well... i highly recommend. grapeseed oil by southern baths sweets – 8th mar 2013 i use this oil for my scrubs and salves. love! and i don't feel ripped off with shipping prices. thanks apothecary! showing reviews 1-10 of 13 | next » write a review close x your rating rate this item... 5 stars (best) 4 stars 3 stars (average) 2 stars 1 star (worst) review headline review by your review related products argan oil $6.87 choose options soybean oil $2.94 choose options babassu oil $3.56 choose options oil of olay fragrance oil $0.00 choose options 100% pure grapeseed massage oil $3.97 choose options sign up for our newsletter! your first name: your email address: shop soap making candle making essential oils clearance center about us policies contact us blog sitemap best selling citric acid glycerin beeswax cocoa butter sodium hydroxide (lye) propylene glycol sweet almond oil grape seed oil shea butter resources craft & hobby association for soap and candle handcrafted soapmakers guild for soap making fda cosmetics national candle association personal care products council usa small business administration news & ideas copyright © 2013 bulk apothecary. all prices are in usd. sitemap tel: 888-968-7220