来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171027165740/https://www.buildasign.com/Privacy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy - buildasign corporate pricing calculate prices login my account my cart free shipping on all orders!* buildasign.com help call us toll free 1-800-330-9622 signs custom signs yard signs street signs parking signs real estate signs sandwich boards political signs decals jumbo cards property signs safety signs traffic signs security signs neon signs magnetics car magnets bumper magnets fridge magnets photo magnets magnet business cards calendar magnets banners custom vinyl banners mesh banners retractable banners feather banners backdrop banners step & repeat banners banner hangers banner stands stickers & decals bumper stickers bumper magnets window decals window clings vinyl lettering license plates custom license plates personalized plates car magnets bumper stickers stakes & frames wire stake ground stakes metal frames sandwich boards a-frames accessories retail accessories custom flags feather flags standard flags shirts basic budget tees classic tees fashion tees v-neck tees ladies tees youth tees hoodies tanks hanes beefy tee american apparel gildan ultra cotton gildan longsleeve gildan hoodie gildan sweatshirt performance dryblend view all more websites website design services business cards posters flyers oversized checks promotional products trade show displays premium pop-up displays easy pop displays table throws banner displays event tents truss tabletop displays hanging accessories build a sign llc privacy statement build a sign llc is committed to protecting your privacy while providing quality services that give you an enjoyable and safe online experience. this privacy statement (this "statement") applies to the build a sign llc website at http://www.buildasign.com and governs the data collection and usage by build a sign llc in connection with this website. by using the build a sign llc website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. collection of information about you build a sign llc collects personally identifiable information on its website when you register, save a design, or order, such as your e-mail address, physical address, name, and phone number, and credit card information. build a sign llc also may collect non-personally identifiable information, such as general geographic information, about you. build a sign llc also may collect information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by build a sign llc. this information can include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring web site addresses, templates made, path through the site, operating system information, and other similar information. this information is used by build a sign llc for the operation of its services, to maintain quality of service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the build a sign llc web site. build a sign llc encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to visit from links that may be posted on the build a sign llc website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. build a sign llc is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the build a sign llc website. use of information about you: build a sign llc collects and uses information about you, including personally identifiable information, and your use of the build a sign llc website to operate the build a sign llc website[ and affiliated websites] and deliver the services you have requested. build a sign llc also uses personally identifiable information from time to time to inform you of other products or services available from build a sign llc and its affiliates. build a sign llc may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. note that at any time you may opt out of being contacted by build a sign llc for any research or product updates, through clear links at the bottom of every email. build a sign llc does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. build a sign llc may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. in those cases, personally identifiable information about you (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. in addition, build a sign llc may share data, including personally identifiable information, with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. build a sign llc generally requires these third parties to maintain the confidentiality of your information and to not use your personally identifiable information except to provide services to build a sign llc. build a sign llc will not use or disclose sensitive personally identifiable information about you, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. build a sign llc keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within and from the build a sign llc website in order to determine what build a sign llc services are the most popular. this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising from build a sign llc to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. build a sign llc does not collect personally identifiable information from you to track you over time and across third party websites. as a result, build a sign llc does not specifically respond to web browser do not track ("dnt") signals. build a sign llc uses google analytics to collect and process certain analytics data; google provides some additional privacy options described at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. build a sign llc will disclose personally identifiable information about you without notice to you only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on build a sign llc or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of build a sign llc; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of build a sign llc, or the public. use of cookies the build a sign llc website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a website server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. the purpose of a cookie is to tell the website server that you have returned to a specific page. for example, if you register with the build a sign llc website or services, a cookie helps build a sign llc recall your specific information on subsequent visits. this simplifies the process of recording your personally identifiable information, such as your billing addresses, shipping addresses, and other similar information. when you return to the same build a sign llc web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the build a sign llc features that you customized. you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the build a sign llc services or web sites you visit. security build a sign llc aims to provide reasonable security from unauthorized access, use or disclosure for the personally identifiable information we store. build a sign llc aims to secure the personally identifiable information you provide using computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, reasonably protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. when certain sensitive personally identifiable information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, such as payment information in connection with transactions through the build a sign llc website, we use encryption, such as the secure socket layer (ssl) protocol, in an effort to protect that information. build a sign llc will not record, store, or save your credit card number without providing notice to you and receiving your express consent. changes to this statement build a sign llc will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect company and customer feedback. build a sign llc encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how build a sign llc is protecting your information. if build a sign llc modifies this statement, we will make it available through this website, and indicate the date of the latest revision. in the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, build a sign llc will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. for example, build a sign llc may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the website for the first time after such material changes are made. your continued use of the build a sign llc website after the revised statement has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of this statement. contact information build a sign llc welcomes your comments regarding this statement. if you believe that build a sign llc has not adhered to this statement, please use the inquiry form to contact us. we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. help contact us f.a.q. sitemap pricing redeem promo products signs vinyl banners car magnetics bumper stickers decals/stickers business cards accessories design services account my account company overview press room careers reviews buildasign.co.uk our brands easy canvas prints programs affiliate giving program scholarship stay connected facebook twitter google+ glassdoor we gladly accept: visa mastercard american express discover paypal need help? call 1-800-330-9622 our friendly customer love team is standing by to answer any questions you may have. learn more » newsletter signup receive updates and exclusive offers! submit buildasign troops since 2008, buildasign.com has given away more than 275,000 welcome home banners. visit troops » privacy policy terms of service shipping policy terms of sale copyright © 2017 buildasign.com® all rights reserved srv: 735789-rsweb16