来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201224023159/https://www.buildasign.com/Privacy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy - buildasign corporate pricing calculate prices login my account my cart free shipping on all orders!* help chat now call us toll free 1-800-330-9622 covid products covid yard signs covid banners covid sandwich boards covid parking signs covid decals covid flags birthday yard signs birthday banners curbside pickup banners graduation yard signs graduation banners social distance decals signs custom signs yard signs street signs parking signs real estate signs sandwich boards a-frame signs aluminum signs metal signs political signs decals jumbo cards property signs safety signs traffic signs security signs posters restaurant signs church signs covid-19 signs graduation signs magnets car magnets bumper magnets banners custom vinyl banners mesh banners retractable banners fabric banners x-banner stands feather banners backdrop banners step & repeat banners banner hangers banner stands restaurant signs church signs covid-19 banners graduation signs stickers & decals bumper stickers bumper magnets window decals window clings vinyl lettering license plates custom license plates personalized plates car magnets bumper stickers flags feather flags standard flags shirts basic budget tees classic tees fashion tees v-neck tees ladies tees youth tees hoodies tanks hanes beefy tee american apparel gildan ultra cotton gildan longsleeve gildan hoodie gildan sweatshirt performance dryblend view all sign holders wire stake ground stakes metal frames sandwich boards a-frames accessories retail accessories more table throws event tents trade show displays premium pop-up displays easy pop-up displays banner displays truss displays tabletop displays hanging displays trade show accessories giant checks promo applied: early black friday access! 20% off everything and free shipping! build a sign llc privacy statement last revised: 6/30/2020 build a sign llc ("bas") is committed to protecting your privacy while providing quality services that give you an enjoyable and safe online experience. this privacy statement (this "statement") applies to the bas website at http://www.buildasign.com and governs the data collection and usage by bas in connection with this website. by using the bas website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. collection of information about you bas collects personally identifiable information (“pii”), such as your e-mail address, physical address, name, and phone number, and credit card information, on its website when you register, save a design, or place an order. bas also may collect non-personally identifiable information, such as general geographic information, about you. bas may also passively collect information about your computer hardware and software. this information may include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses, bas templates made, activity on the site, operating system information, and other similar information. this information is used by bas for the operation of its services, to maintain quality of service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the bas website. bas encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to visit from links that may be posted on the bas website so you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. bas is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the bas website. use of information about you bas collects and uses information about you, including pii, and your use of the bas website to operate the bas website and affiliated websites and to deliver the services you have requested. bas also uses pii from time to time to inform you of other products or services available from bas and its affiliates. bas may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services. note that you may opt out of being contacted by bas for any research or product updates at any time through links at the bottom of every email from bas. bas may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of third-party business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. bas also uses third-party companies to help serve targeted product recommendations. these companies may use data about you collected from this site in order to provide recommendations for products and services that might be of interest to you. to learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://networkadvertising.org. you may also opt out by calling us at 1-800-330-9622. in addition, bas may share data, including pii, with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. bas requires these third parties to maintain the confidentiality of your information and to not use your pii except to provide services to bas. bas keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within and from the bas website in order to determine what bas services are the most popular. this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising from bas to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. bas will not use or disclose sensitive personally identifiable information about you, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your express consent. bas does not collect pii from you to track you over time and across third party websites. as a result, bas does not specifically respond to web browser do not track signals. bas uses google analytics to collect and process certain analytics data; google provides some additional privacy options described at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. bas will disclose personally identifiable information about you without notice to you only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on bas or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of bas; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of bas, bas users, or the public. use of cookies the bas website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. the purpose of a cookie is to tell the website server that you have returned to a specific page. for example, if you register with the bas website or services, a cookie helps bas recall your specific information on subsequent visits. this simplifies the process of recording your personally identifiable information, such as your billing addresses, shipping addresses, and other similar information. when you return to the same bas web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the bas features that you have customized. you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the bas services or websites you visit. california consumer privacy protection act (“ccpa”) bas does not sell “personal information”; however, bas collects the following personal information from california residents solely for “business purposes,” as that term is defined in the ccpa: name physical address email address phone number ip address behavioral data the specific business purposes for which the above data is collected and shared are as follows: order fulfillment marketing of bas products any service providers used in the course of fulfilling the above business purposes are contractually obligated to use personal information received from bas solely for the purpose of providing the service providers’ service to bas. you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. you may exercise your rights under the ccpa by calling us at 1-800-330-9622 or by email us at service@buildasign.com. security bas provides reasonable security from unauthorized access, use or disclosure for the pii we store. bas aims to secure the pii you provide using computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, reasonably protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. when certain sensitive pii (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, such as payment information in connection with transactions through the bas website, we use encryption, such as the secure socket layer (ssl) protocol, in an effort to protect that information. bas will not record, store, or save your credit card number without providing notice to you and receiving your express consent. unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the bas website. any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the bas website. changes to this statement bas may occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our practices or applicable law. bas encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how bas is protecting your information. if bas modifies this statement, we will make it available through this website, and indicate the date of the latest revision. in the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, bas will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. for example, bas may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the website for the first time after such material changes are made. your continued use of the bas website after the revised statement has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of this statement. contact information bas welcomes your questions and comments regarding this statement. if you believe that bas has not adhered to this statement, please use the inquiry form to contact us. help contact us f.a.q. pricing products signs vinyl banners car magnetics bumper stickers decals/stickers accessories design services account my account company overview careers reviews our brands easy canvas prints stay connected facebook twitter linkedin youtube we gladly accept: visa mastercard american express discover paypal need help? call 1-800-330-9622 our friendly customer love team is standing by to answer any questions you may have. learn more » newsletter signup receive updates and exclusive offers! submit buildasign troops since 2008, buildasign.com has given away more than 275,000 welcome home banners. visit troops » *free standard shipping promotions are valid for all products except metal frames, brochure boxes, plywood, alumacore, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, and some large accessories. this offer is only available within the contiguous united states and may not work with all other promotional campaigns. shipping discount will apply at checkout. **"ships next day" or "ships in 24 hours/tomorrow" refers to business days and applies to orders placed before 4pm cst. orders after 4pm cst are treated as if placed the next business day. these shipping options only apply within the contiguous united states and includes all products except metal frames, t-shirts and apparel, some paper products, stock safety and traffic signs, fabric banners, flags, vinyl lettering, clings, bumper stickers, decals, plywood, alumacore, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, orders over 500 quantity signs, and some large accessories. privacy policy terms of service accessibility shipping policy terms of sale copyright © 2020 buildasign.com® all rights reserved srv: rswebecom2