来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211219202004/https://www.buildasign.com/contactus
================================================================================

help center promo applied: 20% off everything with free shipping! corporate pricing prices help 1-800-330-9622 chat account sign in create account cart signs custom signs yard signs street signs parking signs real estate signs sandwich boards graduation signs a-frame signs aluminum signs metal signs political signs decals jumbo cards property signs safety signs traffic signs security signs posters restaurant signs church signs covid-19 signs | magnets car magnets bumper magnets | banners custom vinyl banners mesh banners retractable banners fabric banners x-banner stands feather banners backdrop banners step & repeat banners banner hangers banner stands covid-19 banners graduation banners | stickers & decals bumper stickers bumper magnets window decals window clings vinyl lettering | license plates custom license plates personalized plates car magnets bumper stickers | flags feather flags standard flags | shirts classic tees basic budget tees fashion tees v-neck tees ladies tees youth tees hoodies tanks hanes beefy tee american apparel gildan ultra cotton gildan longsleeve gildan hoodie gildan sweatshirt performance dryblend view all | sign holders wire stake ground stakes metal frames sandwich boards a-frames accessories retail accessories | more table throws event tents trade show displays premium pop-up displays easy pop-up displays banner displays truss displays tabletop displays hanging displays trade show accessories giant checks account main menu account sign in create account call us chat signs main menu signs custom signs yard signs street signs parking signs real estate signs sandwich boards graduation signs a-frame signs aluminum signs metal signs political signs decals jumbo cards property signs safety signs traffic signs security signs posters restaurant signs church signs covid-19 signs magnets main menu magnets car magnets bumper magnets banners main menu banners custom vinyl banners mesh banners retractable banners fabric banners x-banner stands feather banners backdrop banners step & repeat banners banner hangers banner stands restaurant signs church signs covid-19 banners graduation banners stickers & decals main menu stickers & decals bumper stickers bumper magnets window decals window clings vinyl lettering license plates main menu license plates custom license plates personalized license plates car magnets bumper stickers flags main menu flags feather flags standard flags shirts main menu shirts main menu shirts basic budget tees classic tees fashion tees v-neck tees ladies tees youth tees hoodies tanks hanes beefy tee american apparel gildan ultra cotton gildan longsleeve gildan hoodie gildan sweatshirt performance dryblend view all sign holders main menu sign holders wire stake ground stakes metal frames sandwich boards a-frames accessories retail accessories more main menu more table throws event tents trade show displays premium pop-up displays easy pop-up displays banner displays truss displays tabletop displays hanging displays trade show accessories giant checks promo applied: 20% off everything with free shipping! help center home buildasign.com › help center buildasign.com › help center › faq buildasign.com › help center › materials help center home frequently asked questions about our materials contact us contact information: toll free: 1-800-330-9622 local: 512-374-9850 fax: 1-866-807-5867 hours:monday-friday7:00am - 7:00pm(central time)saturday9:00am - 6:00pm(central time) on the following holidays, we may be closed or have shortened hours of support: new year's eve, new years day, memorial day, 4th of july, labor day, thanksgiving, christmas eve, and christmas day. mailing address: 11525a stonehollow dr. suite 100 austin, tx 78758 contact us for help many questions can be answered through our faq's link. we try to respond to all emails within 1 business day. please contact us by phone if you have a more urgent request, or need to update your order. we're here to help at 1-800-330-9622. our most common questions may i choose the type of material my design is printed on? yes, you can choose any material you like from the wide variety we sell. some of our most popular materials are: banner, aluminum, corrugated plastic, art board, magnetic and bumper sticker. note: corrugated plastic is a lightweight plastic produced like corrugated cardboard, except corrugated plastic is white and durable outdoors. our corrugated plastic is 1/8" thick, and it is a great option for an inexpensive, quality yard sign or outdoor advertisement. how will my oversized corrugated plastic signs ship? we do make modifications to some products in order to reduce cost to our customers. for instance, our 4'x4', 4'x6', and 4'x8' corrugated plastic signs cannot be shipped at ground shipping rates; they must ship freight which is a far more expensive for smaller orders than ground. to enable orders with quantity 9 or less large corrugated plastic signs to ship at ground shipping rates, we must slit the back of the boards in one or two places so that they fold to a shippable size. once delivered, the signs can be easily unfolded to their original width. note: orders with quantity 10 or more will ship flat and use freight shipping at cost to the customer. what is my turnaround time? we can get you your signs as soon as 1-2 business days, but we let you choose how quickly you want your signs when you’re checking out. your choices for delivery times will usually range from 2 to 15 days, but will vary based on the size of your order and what you ordered. for example, if you were ordering corrugated plastic, auluminum, banners or bumper stickers, you will see the following options on the last page of your checkout with the cost of each based on what you are ordering and date of delivery requested (please note all choices are in business days). next day air - 1-2 days delivery rush 4-6 days priority 7-9 days standard 10-12 days saver 15 days what is the cost of signs? you can check pricing using the online pricing calculator. price breaks are only available for signs that are exactly the same. for more frequently asked questions, click here. frequently asked questions products do you offer any sizes and shapes other than those listed on the website? all of the sign sizes and shapes that we offer are listed on the website. we are always adding new items to our product line so please let us know what you would like to see in the future by sending us an inquiry via the support page on the website. what size is the font on the sign? the size of the text will depend on your font and size choices. the printed sign will be exactly proportional to your design proof. for example, if your sign is 6" high and your lettering occupies about 2/3 of the height, then your lettering is about 4" tall. may i choose the type of material my design is printed on? currently, we offer signs in the following materials: banner, aluminum, corrugated plastic, art board, magnetic and bumper sticker. note: corrugated plastic is a lightweight plastic produced like corrugated cardboard, except corrugated plastic is white and durable outdoors. our corrugated plastic is 1/8" thick, and they are a great option for an inexpensive, quality yard sign or outdoor advertisement what colors do you have available? the colors that we currently offer are: white, gray, black, navy, blue, teal, green, yellow, brick, khaki, red, sky blue, orange and purple. note: additional colors may be available for your own uploaded images. will the printed product look exactly like the design proof displayed on my monitor? due to different monitor calibrations, some printed colors may not always match the colors displayed on your computer monitor. if i have a double-sided sign, how do i modify the sign so that the arrows are pointing in the same direction? we do it for you. double-sided signs with arrows will automatically adjust so that the arrows point people in the same direction when viewed from either side. how durable are the signs? our ink is uv resistant for up to 3 years. our vinyl material is outdoor durable for 3-5 years. for severe climate conditions, we suggest using aluminum. does my sign order include any posts, frames or stakes for hanging or displaying purposes? posts, frames and stakes may be added to the shopping cart separately and can be found in the 'accessories / add-ons' section. all posts, frames and stakes are shipped separately. do the signs come with holes so i can hang them or attach them? if not, will you drill holes for me? all of our license plate material comes pre-holed and some of our corrugated plastic, aluminum and all of our banners. we do not custom drill any holes but you can see all of the choices for pre-holed material by visiting our home page, www.buildasign.com , find the "help" column in the lower left hand corner of the page, select "pricing". this will give you access to all the material, sizes and pricing including the material that is specifically identified as with holes. what is your product guarantee? our 90 day guarantee warrants that products do not contain manufacturing defects, and, if the product fails or breaks due to a manufacturing defect during the 90 day time period, we will either replace the product or issue you a refund / credit equal to the value of the failed product. buildasign.com reserves the right to investigate the claim and determine whether or not the failed product is covered by our guarantee. customizing your sign what kind of image should i use for a photograph? try using a photograph of the best quality you have available. if using an image from your camera, take the picture at the highest setting the camera provides. if scanning a picture, set your scanning software to scan at 300dpi. your file must be less than 20mb in size and one of the following file types: eps, jpg, tif, bmp, gif, png. we are happy to assist you in uploading larger files or different file types. please call our customer service department at 1-800-330-9622. what kind of image should i use for a logo or clipart? to use a logo, or some type image created by a graphics professional from solid lines and colors (specifically called 'vector art'), using an eps file is the best choice. by using an eps file in your design, you can retain the sharp lines in your original image, even if the file size you use is very small. if you do not have access to an eps file, then gif or png file formats will provide you with the next best print quality. again, try to find the highest quality image with a file size less than 12 megabytes (12 mb). where can i get a high quality image for my sign? check with your internal graphic design department to see if one has already been created. or, you can purchase your custom original logo and sign designs for a very competitive price through our sign design service program. these designs are created specifically for you by our own graphic design artists. take a look at our services here and/or call our fantastic customer support team at 1-800-330-9622 or email them at service@buildasign.com to find out more about how we can help you design anything you need for your signs! how can i tell if my image is good? one way to see the quality of your image is to open it in a image viewer (if you don't have one of these, you can use the buildasign.com™ design tool). zoom in on the image, or enlarge it a great deal, and see if the image is very grainy. this is a good indication of a poor quality image. in general, it is good practice to find the highest quality image you can. does buildasign.com™ offer imaging or graphic design services? yes! our sign design services cover almost all of your sign printing needs. from sign and logo design to touchups and image cropping, we can help you get your signs and banners looking great. contact our customer service department for more information. how do you decide the 'recommended size' for my image, and the 'viewable distance'? these calculations are based on the resolution (dots per inch, or dpi) of the image you provide. uploading a higher resolution image means a larger image will look better at a closer distance. more technically, our system first examines the dpi of the image you upload. then, based on that dpi, some mathematical formulas and our own experience, it inserts the image into your sign at the maximum size that will likely give you a clean, high-quality image when viewed at a distance of several feet. the system must assume that the image you provide 'looks good' to start with, as the only factor used when calculating the recommended physical size is the actual resolution (dpi) of the image you provide. image quality what if my image was created using design software, such as for a logo? a vector based eps file is the best option. if the image was created by a graphic designer, they may be able to provide you with that. if a vector file is not available, other files, such as jpegs, can work well, but need to have been originally created at a high resolution. if you don't have access to a high resolution file, our graphic designers can recreate your image as a vector file and provide you with that for future printing. contact us for a quote. what if my image is a photograph? most digital cameras can produce a file that will work well for printing. if the image has been downloaded from a website, cropped or altered, that will often decrease the quality. if you can send the original camera file, it is likely to be of sufficient resolution, and we'd be happy to crop it for you if requested. what if i'm attempting to find images on the internet? many images online are low resolution and are not intended for printing. however, one way to filter for higher quality images is by going to the image section within the google search engine. you would search for the item, and then click on "show options" and then on the left hand side choose "large" or "medium." we do offer a wide variety of clip art in our design tool as well. if you're unable to locate an appropriate image, we do offer assistance with sourcing stock images. contact us for a quote. placing an order how do i know that you received my order, and how do i obtain a receipt? once you have submitted your order, an order confirmation containing your final order total, link to shipment status, billing, design proof, contact and shipment information will be emailed to you. what if i didn't receive my order confirmation? if you haven't received your order confirmation email, please check your junk email folder or spam filter. may i make a correction to my order after it has been submitted? since most orders are transmitted to our production staff immediately upon submission, it is generally impossible to make corrections or changes to the design submitted for printing. if you have just placed your order, and want to check if changing it is possible, please contact customer service immediately via 1-800-330-9622. what is your cancellation policy? you can find our cancellation policy in our terms of sale. shipment/delivery what is your turnaround time? you can receive your order as soon as tomorrow, but any orders placed after 3 pm (cst) will count as an order for the next day. when you're checking out you can pick when to receive your order, but the delivery options will vary based on the quantity of your order and what you order. is there any way to put a rush on my order? when you are placing your order you can decide to receive it in as soon as tomorrow. how will my oversized corrugated plastic signs ship? we do make modifications to some products in order to reduce cost to our customers. for instance, our 4'x4', 4'x6', and 4'x8' corrugated plastic signs cannot be shipped at ground shipping rates; they must ship freight which is a far more expensive for smaller orders than ground. to enable orders with quantity 9 or less large corrugated plastic signs to ship at ground shipping rates, we must slit the back of the boards in one or two places so that they fold to a shippable size. once delivered, the signs can be easily unfolded to their original width. note: orders with quantity 10 or more will ship flat and use freight shipping at cost to the customer. how do i track my order? you may check the status of your order by clicking on the link in your order confirmation email. my product contains a defect or is damaged, what can be done? if the product is damaged and / or contains manufacturing defects when you receive your order, please contact customer support via 1-800-330-9622, or send an inquiry via our support page billing and account information may i use a credit card with someone else's name? for security purposes, the billing address entered on the site must match the address on file for the credit or debit card used. what types of payment do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard and amex. what is your refund policy? for our refund policy, please see our terms of sale. do you offer any discounts? first-time customers will receive 10% off their first order for completing a survey. (note: if you log-in and log back out, the system will not automatically discount your purchase. please contact customer support via 1-800-330-9622 for additional information.)we do offer additional volume pricing for very large orders. please contact a customer service representative to inquire about special discount rates. how do you determine pricing for sign orders? buildasign.com is always working hard to keep our prices below market rates. we value you as a customer, so please let us know if you find a lower rate elsewhere. prices are not taken from a pricing sheet, but are calculated as you design your sign. as soon as you have designed your sign and selected your material and quantity, your price is calculated, including quantity price breaks. the price for your sign depends on several factors. below you will find a description of each of factor and how to use them to make the signs you need at prices you can afford. size - our signs come in many different sizes to accomodate your needs. the general rule is, the larger the sign, the more it costs. number of colors - this is a factor in the price of the sign only for high-quantity orders. if you are planning on purchasing less than 15 signs of a particular design, this will not be a factor. quantity - the more you buy, the less they cost. we are constantly improving our pricing to allow the maximum discounts to customers who purchase multiple signs. we believe strongly that quantity discounts are very important when trying to get your message out to as many people as possible. material - we offer signs in a variety of materials to help you make a sign that fits your need. we currently offer signs in aluminum, corrugated plastic, art board, magnetic, banner and bumper sticker. following is a brief description of each of our materials. aluminum - aluminum signs are the most durable and longest lasting type of yard and window sign. they are more expensive than their non-metal counterparts, but they make up for it in durability, quality and appearance. they are a perfect fit for a metal frame of the proper size. corrugated plastic- these inexpensive signs are great for outdoor advertising. whether you are selling a house, expressing your political views, or running a business, these signs make it cheap and easy to get your name out. these signs aren't as durable as aluminum, but they are the least-expensive quality yard sign available. they are compatible with wire stakes and metal frames of the proper size. art board - art board is a perfect indoor sign. it looks very professional, and is also inexpensive, making it ideal for advertising specials, openings, and other time sensitive advertisements. magnetic - magnetics are a fantastic way to advertise your business while you are on the road. let everyone in traffic see what a great business you have as they are traveling about town. and what else is great about magnetics? just throw them in your car or truck when you are done using them or don't want people to see them anymore! magnetics are available in multiple sizes to fit any sized automobile. banner - banners are great for distance advertising. other sign types are limited by size and make it hard to catch the attention of those far away, but not banners. the most popular banner size is 3ft x 8ft which is ideal for stores, parties, conventions and other locations where your sign needs to be read from a distance. banners tend to be more expensive due to their size and material, but are a must if you need to grab customers or individuals from far away. bumper sticker - what better way is there to tell people what you think, express your wit and to just "say what you want" than with a bumper sticker. ever wanted to brag about your kids accomplishments, or to tell the bragger you don't want to hear it? bumper stickers are very customizable and extremely cheap. about our materials which product is right for you? aluminum art board alumacore bumper stickers clear decals corrugated plastic decals jumbo cards license plates magnetics mesh banners nylon flags polyethylene polystyrene plywood reflective aluminum sandwich boards static clings vinyl banners aluminum our .040 aluminum signs are the most durable and longest lasting type of yard and window sign. their weatherproof and rigid qualities allow versatility in all settings, and are guaranteed to last for a minimum of 5 years. our .040 aluminum is comparable to the thickness of a dime and has rounded corners for safety and a professional appearance. aluminum will not rust. art board out art board is a matte finish 3mm pvc foam board that makes a perfect professional indoor sign. these signs are very durable indoors and have the look and feel of quality, making them great for any kind of indoor advertising or branding. art board is not recommended for outdoor signage. corrugated plastic our 4mm corrugated plastic signs are an economic alternative to aluminum signs. under most circumstances they will last 12-18 months. this inexpensive option is great for any type of outdoor advertising, since it is durable and will not yellow from sunlight. they are compatible with wire stakes and metal frames of the proper size. vinyl banner our 13 oz vinyl banners have a matte finish and are great for distance advertising. the most popular vinyl banner size is 3ft x 8ft which is ideal for stores, parties, conventions and other locations. we offer a variety of hanging options for your banner including grommets and cleartabs. magnetics our .045 magnetic signs are twice as thick as the industry standard, greatly reducing the risk that they will accidentally come off your vehicle. this is great for mobile advertising on vehicles or temporary advertising on all metal surfaces. decals our digital decals are printed on 3-mil outdoor durable vinyl. in areas of these decals where there's no design, the background will be an opaque white. the decals cannot be removed and reapplied once they have been adhered to a surface. bumper stickers our bumper stickers are printed on durable 3-mil vinyl and ready to apply to anything you like. license plates using our online design tool you can create personalized license plates for any occasion. we offer a wide variety of personalized license plates made of durable aluminum. select one of our professional templates or create your own! sandwich boards sandwich boards are comprised of a pvc "a-frame" that have custom graphics either applied or attached to the front and back. for the graphics, we digitally print pieces of 36" x 24" corrugated plastic, and include velcro for attaching the corrugated plastic to the frame. the frame can also be filled with sand to prevent the signage from being blown about in windy conditions. polystyrene our .040 polystyrene has a matte finish. it is a lightweight economic plastic material used primarily for indoor point of sale advertisement. this rigid and durable material is ideal for the customer seeking a cost effective solution for retail displays. create your sign and pair it with one of our great retail display kits to outfit your business with high quality professional interior signage. plywood this high quality durable outdoor signage will grab the attention of any passerby. available in many sizes, they are perfect for any outdoor advertisement. we use with high quality exterior enamel paint, and you can customize the entire sign or pick from one of our professional design templates. plywood signs are intended for one sided printing only. for two sided printing, see our alumacore signs. alumacore alumacore is composed of two pieces of .020 aluminum surrounding a piece of corrugated plastic. it is ideal for business signs, advertisements, and long term construction sites.this material is both light weight and strong. it will dent like any aluminum sign, but the dents will not be as severe, since the sandwiched corrugated plastic acts as a cushion. reflective aluminum our .080 reflective aluminum is engineering grade and is highly visible at night. it is a great choice for signs that need to be noticed day and night such as a street address or parking signs. reflective aluminum will not rust. clear decals our 2.8 mil clear vinyl decals are commonly used indoors. they are clear and they adhere to your window with a medium adhesive that holds strong, but can be easily removed without leaving a mark. jumbo cards made of .030 polystyrene, these jumbo cards have all the advantages of a greeting card but are huge. mesh banners our 9 oz mesh banners offer the same visibility benefits as vinyl banners, but are lighter and more convenient when constant traveling, set up, and take down is required. they also are much less likely to rip in extremely windy conditions than are vinyl banners. nylon flags our 200 denier nylon flags are great for either indoor or outdoor display. you have the option to customize your own flag or choose one from our designs! polyethylene our .090 polyethylene is an economic solid plastic material. it is extremely durable, and performs well in all weather conditions. due to some of it's natural properties, some "bowing" will occur, but polyethylene will last 3 years in most conditions. it is extremely popular for real estate sign panels. static clings we sell both clear and opaque static clings which adhere to smooth surfaces using static (no adhesives). their use of static makes them removable and repositionable on other surfaces. are often used for car and retail windows. these are commonly used on windows. help contact us f.a.q. pricing products signs vinyl banners car magnetics bumper stickers decals/stickers accessories design services account my account company overview careers reviews our brands easy canvas prints stay connected facebook twitter linkedin youtube we gladly accept: visa mastercard american express discover paypal need help? call 1-800-330-9622 our friendly customer love team is standing by to answer any questions you may have. learn more » newsletter signup receive updates and exclusive offers! submit buildasign troops since 2008, buildasign.com has given away more than 275,000 welcome home banners. visit troops » *free standard shipping promotions are valid for all products except metal frames, brochure boxes, plywood, alumacore, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, and some large accessories. this offer is only available within the contiguous united states and may not work with all other promotional campaigns. shipping discount will apply at checkout. **"ships next day" or "ships in 24 hours/tomorrow" refers to business days and applies to orders placed before 4pm cst. orders after 4pm cst are treated as if placed the next business day. these shipping options only apply within the contiguous united states and includes all products except metal frames, t-shirts and apparel, some paper products, stock safety and traffic signs, fabric banners, flags, vinyl lettering, clings, bumper stickers, decals, plywood, alumacore, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, orders over 500 quantity signs, and some large accessories. privacy policy terms of service accessibility shipping policy terms of sale copyright © 2021 buildasign.com® all rights reserved srv: rswebecom7