来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211219202004/https://www.buildasign.com/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service <main menu account log in register <main menu account log out my account <main menu account call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. call us chat pricing signs custom signs yard signs real estate signs parking signs sandwich boards graduation signs a-frame signs aluminum signs metal signs street signs political signs decals jumbo cards property signs traffic signs safety signs security signs posters restaurant signs church signs covid-19 signs banners custom vinyl banners retractables fabric banners x-banner stands feather banners backdrop banners banner hangers banner stands covid-19 banners step & repeat graduation banners mesh banners flags feather flags standard flags magnets car magnets bumper magnets license plates custom license plates personalized license plates car magnets bumper stickers stickers & decals bumper magnets window clings bumper stickers window decals shirts classic tees basic budget tees fashion tees v-neck tees ladies tees youth tees hoodies tanks gildan ultra cotton gildan longsleeve gildan hoodie gildan sweatshirt performance dryblend view all sign holders wire stake ground stakes metal frames sandwich boards a-frames retail accessories accessories more table throws event tents premium pop-ups easy pop up displays banner displays truss displays tabletop displays accessories hanging displays giant checks black friday sale: 20% off everything with free shipping! corporate pricing prices help 1-800-330-9622 call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. chat account sign in create account cart (0) corporate pricing × pricing calculator × material .030 magnetic .045 magnetic alumacore aluminum (.040) aluminum (.063) aluminum composite bumper sticker clear decal corrugated plastic decal fabric banner feather flag flag foam core greyback retractable banner jumbo card mesh outdoor banner 9oz oversized fabric banner polystyrene posters premium banner pvc reflective aluminum (.040) reflective aluminum (.080) retractable banner sandwich board (cor. plastic) static cling - transparent vinyl banner x-banner size 18" x 24" 3" x 10" bumper 6" x 18" 6" x 24" 9" x 12" 12" x 12" 12" x 18" 12" x 24" 18" x 12" 24" x 12" 24" x 18" 24" x 24" # of colors 1 2 3 4 and more price per item each your total price total click to order now! **please note above prices do not reflect any shipping or possible tax costs. for shipping costs, design items and add them to your cart.note that "quantity" refers to the number of signs that are exact copies, with no changes. <main menu account log in register <main menu account log out my account <main menu account call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. call us chat pricing signs custom signs yard signs real estate signs parking signs sandwich boards graduation signs a-frame signs aluminum signs metal signs street signs political signs decals jumbo cards property signs traffic signs safety signs security signs posters restaurant signs church signs covid-19 signs banners custom vinyl banners retractables fabric banners x-banner stands feather banners backdrop banners banner hangers banner stands covid-19 banners step & repeat graduation banners mesh banners flags feather flags standard flags magnets car magnets bumper magnets license plates custom license plates personalized license plates car magnets bumper stickers stickers & decals bumper magnets window clings bumper stickers window decals shirts classic tees basic budget tees fashion tees v-neck tees ladies tees youth tees hoodies tanks gildan ultra cotton gildan longsleeve gildan hoodie gildan sweatshirt performance dryblend view all sign holders wire stake ground stakes metal frames sandwich boards a-frames retail accessories accessories more table throws event tents premium pop-ups easy pop up displays banner displays truss displays tabletop displays accessories hanging displays giant checks terms of service buildasign.com terms of service last revised 06-16-2016 effective date: november 18, 2005 welcome to the build a sign llc web site, which is located at buildasign.com (the "web site"). the following terms of service ("tos") contain the terms that govern your use of the web site and buildasign.com service (as defined below). these tos describe your rights and responsibilities and what you can expect from the build a sign llc service. use of the build a sign llc web site constitutes acceptance of these tos. buildasign.com is a trademark of build a sign llc. build a sign llc reserves the right to add, delete and/or modify any of the terms contained in this tos, at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a new agreement on the build a sign llc web site. if any modification is unacceptable to you, your only recourse is to not use the web site and the buildasign.com service. your continued use of the build a sign llc web site following posting of a new tos on the build a sign llc web site will constitute binding acceptance of the changes. 1. the buildasign.com service. build a sign llc provides a number of internet-based services through the web site (all such services, collectively, the "buildasign.com service"). one such service enables users to create customized merchandise, signs, magnetics, bumper stickers, and banners (collectively, "products"). build a sign llc users may create and purchase individual products for their own use. 2. use of the web site and buildasign.com service. 2.1 eligibility. build a sign will only knowingly provide the buildasign.com service to parties that can lawfully enter into and form contracts under applicable law. if you are under the age of 18, but at least 13 years of age, you may use the buildasign.com service only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these tos. the buildasign.com service is not intended for children under the age of 13. 2.2 compliance with tos and applicable law. you must comply with all of the terms and conditions of these tos, the applicable agreements and policies referred to below, and all applicable laws, regulations and rules when you use the buildasign.com service and the web site. 2.3 your license to use the web site and the buildasign.com service.2.4 third-party services. build a sign llc may use third parties to provide certain services accessible through the web site. build a sign llc does not control those third parties or their services, and you agree that build a sign llc will not be liable to you in any way for your use of such services. these third parties may have their own terms of use and other policies. you must comply with such terms and policies as well as these tos when you use these services. if any such terms or policies conflict with build a sign llc's tos, agreements or policies, you must comply with build a sign llc's tos, agreements or policies, as applicable. (a) build a sign llc solely and exclusively owns all intellectual property and other rights, title and interest in and to the buildasign.com service and web site, except as expressly provided for in these tos. for example and without limitation, build a sign llc owns the trademark buildasign.com(tm), the copyrights in and to the web site, and certain technology used in providing the buildasign.com service. you will not acquire any right, title or interest therein under these tos or otherwise. (b) build a sign llc grants you a limited revocable license to access and use the web site and the buildasign.com service for its intended purposes, subject to your compliance with these tos. this license does not include the right to collect or use information contained on the web site for purposes prohibited by build a sign llc; to compete with build a sign llc; create derivative works based on the content of the web site; or download or copy the web site (other than page caching). if you use the web site in a manner that exceeds the scope of this license or breach this tos, build a sign llc may revoke the license granted to you, and pursue any other legal course of action permitted under applicable state or federal law. (c) this section 2.3 does not pertain to your intellectual property rights. for information regarding your intellectual property rights, please see section 4.1. 3. general rules. 3.1 prohibited use. you may only use the buildasign.com service as expressly permitted by build a sign llc. you may not cause harm to the web site or the buildasign.com service. specifically, but not by way of limitation, you may not: (i) interfere with the buildasign.com service by using viruses or any other programs or technology designed to disrupt or damage any software or hardware; (ii) modify, create derivative works from, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any technology used to provide the buildasign.com service; (iii) use a robot, spider or other device or process to monitor the activity on or copy pages from the web site, except in the operation or use of an internet "search engine", hit counters or similar technology; (iv) collect electronic mail addresses or other information from third parties by using the buildasign.com service; (v) impersonate another person or entity; (vi) use any meta tags, search terms, key terms, or the like that contain build a sign llc's name or trademarks; (vii) engage in any activity that interferes with another user's ability to use or enjoy the buildasign.com service; or (viii) assist or encourage any third party in engaging in any activity prohibited by these tos. 3.2 prohibited use promise. by using the build a sign llc web site, you are promising that you are not using the buildasign.com service or the web site for any of the prohibited uses. 4. use of your content. you do not lose ownership of the content that you design on, or upload to, the web site. by uploading designs to the web site or creating designs with build a sign llc's design tools, however, you grant the following licenses to build a sign llc: the nonexclusive, worldwide, transferable, sublicensable right to copy, crop, reproduce, publicly display, sell, and distribute the design in or on products and in advertising, marketing, samples, and promotional materials for the purpose of promoting the web site and products; and the right to make modifications to your design as build a sign llc, in its sole discretion, finds necessary to achieve the above listed purposes.you may remove the content you designed at any time, and you retain any copyright and other intellectual property rights in that content. if you choose to remove content that you designed or uploaded and notify build a sign llc of your intention to terminate the licenses described in the above paragraph, those licenses will terminate, except that build a sign llc may fulfill all orders that are in any way derived from that content placed prior to notice of termination and may continue to use said content in marketing and promotional materials. 5. reservation of rights. 5.1 monitoring. build a sign llc reserves the right, but does not assume the obligation, to monitor transactions and communications that occur through the web site. if build a sign llc determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that you or another build a sign llc user have breached or will breach a term of these tos or that such transaction or communication is inappropriate, build a sign llc may cancel such transaction or take any other action to restrict access to or the availability of any material that we may consider objectionable, without any liability to you or any third party. 5.2 modification of the service. build a sign llc may modify the buildasign.com service at any time with or without notice to you, and will incur no liability for doing so. 6. submissions. when you submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, message board postings, material submitted via web forms, contest entries, communications or any other information ("submissions"), you grant build a sign llc permission to use such submissions for marketing and other promotional purposes, including the right to sublicense. you agree that build a sign llc will have no obligation to keep any submissions confidential. you will not bring a claim against build a sign llc based on "moral rights" or the likes arising from build a sign llc's use of a submission. this section does not apply to your content that will appear as part of your product that you use in connection with buildasign.com service. 7. representations and warranties. 7.1 mutual representations and warranties. you represent and warrant to build a sign llc and build a sign llc represents and warrants to you: (i) that you or it has the full power and authority to enter into and perform under these tos, (ii) the execution and performance of your or its obligations under these tos do not constitute a breach of or conflict with any other agreement or arrangement by which you or it is bound, and (iii) these tos are a legal, valid and binding obligation of the party entering into these tos, enforceable in accordance with their terms and conditions. 7.2 by you. you represent and warrant to build a sign llc that, your use of the buildasign.com service and any order that you place with build a sign llc: (i) will not infringe the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity or any other legal right of any third party and (ii) will comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. you further represent and warrant to build a sign llc that: (i) there are no claims, demands or any form of litigation pending, or to the best of your knowledge, threatened with respect to any of your content; (ii) build a sign llc will not be required to make any payments to any third party in connection with its use of your content, except for the expenses that build a sign llc incurs in providing the buildasign.com service; (iii) the use of any instructions, formulae, recommendations, or the like contained in your content will not cause injury to any third party; and (iv) your content does not contain viruses or any other programs or technology designed to disrupt or damage any software or hardware. 8a. disclaimers and exclusions. 8a.1 disclaimer of warranties. build a sign llc provides the web site and buildasign.com service on an "as is" and "as available" basis. build a sign llc does not represent or warrant that the web site, buildasign.com service or its use: (i) will be uninterrupted, (ii) will be free of inaccuracies or errors, (iii) will meet your requirements, or (iv) will operate in the configuration or with the hardware or software you use. build a sign llc makes no warranties other than those made expressly in these tos, and hereby disclaims any and all implied warranties, including without limitation, warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability and non-infringement. 8a.2 exclusion of damages. build a sign llc will not be liable to you or any third party for any consequential, incidental, indirect, punitive or special damages (including damages relating to lost profits, lost data or loss of goodwill) arising out of, relating to or connected with the use of the buildasign.com service, based on any cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. 8b. limitation of liability. 8b.1 limitation of liability. except for a breach of a party's representations and warranties under these tos or in connection with your indemnity obligations under these tos, in no event will the liability of build a sign llc exceed the value of signs received or services rendered. the value of signs or services are limited to the stated value on the build a sign llc web site or as stated by an authorized build a sign llc agent. 9. indemnification. you agree to indemnify and hold build a sign llc and its employees, representatives, agents, affiliates, directors, officers, managers and shareholders (the "parties") harmless from any damage, loss, or expense (including without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs) incurred in connection with any third-party claim, demand or action ("claim") brought against any of the parties alleging that you have breached any of these tos through any act or omission, including but not limited to any claim that your content infringes or violates the legal rights of any other party. if you have to indemnify build a sign llc under this section, build a sign llc will have the right to control the defense, settlement, and resolution of any claim at your sole expense. you may not settle or otherwise resolve any claim without build a sign llc's express written permission. 10. termination. 10.1 termination. build a sign llc may suspend or terminate your use of the web site or buildasign.com service if it believes, in its sole and absolute discretion, that you have breached a term of these tos. 10.2 survival. notwithstanding section 10.1 above, these tos will survive indefinitely unless and until build a sign llc chooses to terminate them 10.3 effect of termination. if you or build a sign llc terminates your use of the web site or the buildasign.com service, build a sign llc may delete any content or other materials relating to your use of the buildasign.com service on build a sign llc's servers or otherwise in its possession and build a sign llc will have no liability to you or any third party for doing so. 11. notice. all notices required or permitted to be given under these tos will be in writing and delivered to the other party by any of the following methods: (i) u.s. mail, (ii) overnight courier, or (iii) electronic mail. if you give notice to build a sign llc, you must use the following addresses: 11525a stonehollow dr. suite 100, austin, tx 78758. tos@buildasign.com. if build a sign llc provides notice to you, build a sign llc will use the contact information provided by you to build a sign llc. all notices will be deemed received as follows: (i) if by delivery by u.s. mail, seven (7) business days after dispatch, (ii) if by overnight courier, on the date receipt is confirmed by such courier service, or (iii) if by electronic mail, 24 hours after the message was sent, if no "system error" or other notice of non-delivery is generated. if applicable law requires that a given communication be "in writing," you agree that email communication will satisfy this requirement. 12. dispute resolution/waiver of jury trial. all disputes arising out of, relating to or connected with these tos or your use of any part of the buildasign.com service will be exclusively resolved under confidential binding arbitration held in travis county, texas before and in accordance with the rules of the american arbitration association, by a sole arbitrator applying texas law (without regard for conflicts of law principles). the arbitrator's award will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under these tos will be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these tos, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. any action to enforce an arbitrator's award will be brought exclusively in a federal or state court located in travis county, texas. each party hereby irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and texas state courts in travis county. by agreeing that arbitration is the exclusive remedy, you are waiving your right to sue build a sign llc in a court of law or have a jury resolve any dispute that arises out of, relates to or is connected with these tos or your use of any part of the buildasign.com service. you understand that you are waiving your right to a jury trial voluntarily and knowingly, and free from duress or coercion. by entering into these tos, you hereby irrevocably waive any right you may have to join claims with those of others in the form of a class action or similar procedural device. any claim arising out of, relating to or connected with these tos or your use of any part of the buildasign.com service must be asserted individually. notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section 12, either party may seek equitable relief, including, without limitation, injunctive relief and specific performance, without the requirement of posting a bond or other security or proving money damages are insufficient, from a court of competent jurisdiction. 13. miscellaneous. these tos will be binding upon each party hereto and its successors and permitted assigns, and governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of texas without reference to conflict of law principles. these tos will not be assignable or transferable by you without the prior written consent of build a sign llc. these tos (including all of the policies and other agreements described in this tos, which are hereby incorporated herein by this reference) contain the entire understanding of the parties regarding its subject matter, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between the parties regarding its subject matter. no failure or delay by a party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these tos will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege. you and build a sign llc are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by these tos. the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these tos will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of these tos, all of which will remain in full force and effect. 14. safety signs disclaimer. the customer is solely responsible for (a) identifying the appropriate precautions, including signage materials, language, and designs necessary to comply with any applicable local, state, or federal laws or regulations, including ansi and/or osha standards and (b) adequately warning invitees, employees, and the public of any hazards. in some cases a sign may not provide an adequate safety precaution. buildasign.com is not a safety expert and disclaims any and all liability that the template designs offered on buildasign.com are sufficient to cover any specific hazard. buildasign.com does not have responsibility to notify customers about changes in the law after sale. customer shall hold buildasign.com and its corporate parent and its employees harmless from all claims, loss or expense (including attorneys’ fees) related to the purchase and use by customer for any sign purchased through buildasign.com. help contact us frequently asked questions pricing products signs vinyl banners car magnetics bumper stickers decals/stickers accessories account my account company company overview careers buildasign troops our brands easy canvas prints stay connected facebook twitter linkedin youtube we gladly accept: need help? call 1-800-330-9622 our friendly customer love team is standing by to answer any questions you may have. learn more » *free standard shipping promotions are valid for all products except metal frames, brochure boxes, plywood, alumacore, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, and some large accessories. this offer is only available within the contiguous united states and may not work with all other promotional campaigns. shipping discount will apply at checkout. **"ships next day" or "ships in 24 hours/tomorrow" refers to business days and applies to orders placed before 4pm cst. orders after 4pm cst are treated as if placed the next business day. these shipping options only apply within the contiguous united states and includes all products except metal frames, t-shirts and apparel, some paper products, stock safety and traffic signs, fabric banners, flags, vinyl lettering, clings, bumper stickers, decals, plywood, alumacore, aluminum composite material, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, orders over 500 quantity signs, and some large accessories. privacy policy terms of service accessibilty shipping policy terms of sale copyright © 2021 buildasign. all rights reserved.