来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211219202004/https://www.buildasign.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions <main menu account log in register <main menu account log out my account <main menu account call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. call us chat pricing signs custom signs yard signs real estate signs parking signs sandwich boards graduation signs a-frame signs aluminum signs metal signs street signs political signs decals jumbo cards property signs traffic signs safety signs security signs posters restaurant signs church signs covid-19 signs banners custom vinyl banners retractables fabric banners x-banner stands feather banners backdrop banners banner hangers banner stands covid-19 banners step & repeat graduation banners mesh banners flags feather flags standard flags magnets car magnets bumper magnets license plates custom license plates personalized license plates car magnets bumper stickers stickers & decals bumper magnets window clings bumper stickers window decals shirts classic tees basic budget tees fashion tees v-neck tees ladies tees youth tees hoodies tanks gildan ultra cotton gildan longsleeve gildan hoodie gildan sweatshirt performance dryblend view all sign holders wire stake ground stakes metal frames sandwich boards a-frames retail accessories accessories more table throws event tents premium pop-ups easy pop up displays banner displays truss displays tabletop displays accessories hanging displays giant checks black friday sale: 20% off everything with free shipping! corporate pricing prices help 1-800-330-9622 call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. chat account sign in create account cart (0) corporate pricing × pricing calculator × material .030 magnetic .045 magnetic alumacore aluminum (.040) aluminum (.063) aluminum composite bumper sticker clear decal corrugated plastic decal fabric banner feather flag flag foam core greyback retractable banner jumbo card mesh outdoor banner 9oz oversized fabric banner polystyrene posters premium banner pvc reflective aluminum (.040) reflective aluminum (.080) retractable banner sandwich board (cor. plastic) static cling - transparent vinyl banner x-banner size 18" x 24" 3" x 10" bumper 6" x 18" 6" x 24" 9" x 12" 12" x 12" 12" x 18" 12" x 24" 18" x 12" 24" x 12" 24" x 18" 24" x 24" # of colors 1 2 3 4 and more price per item each your total price total click to order now! **please note above prices do not reflect any shipping or possible tax costs. for shipping costs, design items and add them to your cart.note that "quantity" refers to the number of signs that are exact copies, with no changes. <main menu account log in register <main menu account log out my account <main menu account call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. call us chat pricing signs custom signs yard signs real estate signs parking signs sandwich boards graduation signs a-frame signs aluminum signs metal signs street signs political signs decals jumbo cards property signs traffic signs safety signs security signs posters restaurant signs church signs covid-19 signs banners custom vinyl banners retractables fabric banners x-banner stands feather banners backdrop banners banner hangers banner stands covid-19 banners step & repeat graduation banners mesh banners flags feather flags standard flags magnets car magnets bumper magnets license plates custom license plates personalized license plates car magnets bumper stickers stickers & decals bumper magnets window clings bumper stickers window decals shirts classic tees basic budget tees fashion tees v-neck tees ladies tees youth tees hoodies tanks gildan ultra cotton gildan longsleeve gildan hoodie gildan sweatshirt performance dryblend view all sign holders wire stake ground stakes metal frames sandwich boards a-frames retail accessories accessories more table throws event tents premium pop-ups easy pop up displays banner displays truss displays tabletop displays accessories hanging displays giant checks frequently asked questions a list of our customer's most frequently asked questions. if you like more information about our materials, please click here. for any additional questions visit our contact us page to get in touch with one of our customer representatives. products do you offer any sizes and shapes other than those listed on the website?all of the sign sizes and shapes that we offer are listed on the website. we are always adding new items to our product line so please let us know what you would like to see in the future by sending us an inquiry via the support page on the website.what size is the font on the sign?the size of the text will depend on your font and size choices. the printed sign will be exactly proportional to your design proof. for example, if your sign is 6" high and your lettering occupies about 2/3 of the height, then your lettering is about 4" tall.may i choose the type of material my design is printed on?currently, we offer signs in the following materials: banner, aluminum, corrugated plastic, art board, magnetic and bumper sticker. note: corrugated plastic is a lightweight plastic produced like corrugated cardboard, except corrugated plastic is white and durable outdoors. our corrugated plastic is 1/8" thick, and they are a great option for an inexpensive, quality yard sign or outdoor advertisement what colors do you have available?the colors that we currently offer are: white, gray, black, navy, blue, teal, green, yellow, brick, khaki, red, sky blue, orange and purple. note: additional colors may be available for your own uploaded images. will the printed product look exactly like the design proof displayed on my monitor?due to different monitor calibrations, some printed colors may not always match the colors displayed on your computer monitor.if i have a double-sided sign, how do i modify the sign so that the arrows are pointing in the same direction?we do it for you. double-sided signs with arrows will automatically adjust so that the arrows point people in the same direction when viewed from either side.how durable are the signs?our ink is uv resistant for up to 3 years. our vinyl material is outdoor durable for 3-5 years. for severe climate conditions, we suggest using aluminum.does my sign order include any posts, frames or stakes for hanging or displaying purposes?posts, frames and stakes may be added to the shopping cart separately and can be found in the 'accessories / add-ons' section. all posts, frames and stakes are shipped separately.do the signs come with holes so i can hang them or attach them? if not, will you drill holes for me?all of our license plate material comes pre-holed and some of our corrugated plastic, aluminum and all of our banners. we do not custom drill any holes but you can see all of the choices for pre-holed material by visiting our home page, www.buildasign.com , find the "help" column in the lower left hand corner of the page, select "pricing". this will give you access to all the material, sizes and pricing including the material that is specifically identified as with holes.what are the hole options?frame holes - fits our current angle iron and round rod frames. the hole placement is as follows:• all holes are 3/8” from the top and bottom edge of the material• 18”w panels: 4 holes - 14.5” on center (2 on top and 2 on bottom)• 24”w & 30”w panels: 8 holes - 14.5” & 17” on center (4 on top and 4 on bottom)• 36”w panels: 4 holes - 19” on center• riders: 4 oval holes - 14.5”-16” on center (2 on top and 2 on bottom) t-bar stake holes - fits t-bar stakes. the hole placement is as follows:• all holes centers are 1/2” from the top and bottom edge of the material• top: 2 holes - 14.5” on center• bottom: 1 hole - on center stepper stake holes - fits both stepper and bandit stakes. the hole placement is as follows:• all holes centers are 1/2” from the top and bottom edge of the material• 2 holes - on center (top and bottom) hanging grommets - for hanging panels and fits our post products. the grommet placement is as follows:• all grommet centers are 3/4” from the top and bottom edge of the material• 18”w & 24”w panels: 4 grommets - 16” on center (2 on top and 2 on bottom)• 30”w & 36”w panels: 4 grommets - 19” on center (2 on top) and 16” on center (2 on bottom)• riders (2 grommets): 2 grommets - 16” on center (2 on top)• riders (4 grommets): 4 grommets - 16” on center (2 on top and 2 on bottom) what is your product guarantee?our 90 day guarantee warrants that products do not contain manufacturing defects, and, if the product fails or breaks due to a manufacturing defect during the 90 day time period, we will either replace the product or issue you a refund / credit equal to the value of the failed product. buildasign.com reserves the right to investigate the claim and determine whether or not the failed product is covered by our guarantee. customizing your sign what kind of image should i use for a photograph?try using a photograph of the best quality you have available. if using an image from your camera, take the picture at the highest setting the camera provides. if scanning a picture, set your scanning software to scan at 300dpi. your file must be less than 20mb in size and one of the following file types: eps, jpg, tif, bmp, gif, png. we are happy to assist you in uploading larger files or different file types. please call our customer service department at 1-800-330-9622.what kind of image should i use for a logo or clipart?to use a logo, or some type image created by a graphics professional from solid lines and colors (specifically called 'vector art'), using an eps file is the best choice. by using an eps file in your design, you can retain the sharp lines in your original image, even if the file size you use is very small. if you do not have access to an eps file, then gif or png file formats will provide you with the next best print quality. again, try to find the highest quality image with a file size less than 12 megabytes (12 mb).where can i get a high quality image for my sign?check with your internal graphic design department to see if one has already been created. or, you can purchase your custom original logo and sign designs for a very competitive price through our sign design service program. these designs are created specifically for you by our own graphic design artists. take a look at our services here and/or call our fantastic customer support team at 1-800-330-9622 or email them at service@buildasign.com to find out more about how we can help you design anything you need for your signs!how can i tell if my image is good?one way to see the quality of your image is to open it in a image viewer (if you don't have one of these, you can use the buildasign.com™ design tool). zoom in on the image, or enlarge it a great deal, and see if the image is very grainy. this is a good indication of a poor quality image. in general, it is good practice to find the highest quality image you can.does buildasign.com™ offer imaging or graphic design services?yes! our sign design services cover almost all of your sign printing needs. from sign and logo design to touchups and image cropping, we can help you get your signs and banners looking great. contact our customer service department for more information.how do you decide the 'recommended size' for my image, and the 'viewable distance'?these calculations are based on the resolution (dots per inch, or dpi) of the image you provide. uploading a higher resolution image means a larger image will look better at a closer distance. more technically, our system first examines the dpi of the image you upload. then, based on that dpi, some mathematical formulas and our own experience, it inserts the image into your sign at the maximum size that will likely give you a clean, high-quality image when viewed at a distance of several feet. the system must assume that the image you provide 'looks good' to start with, as the only factor used when calculating the recommended physical size is the actual resolution (dpi) of the image you provide. image quality what if my image was created using design software, such as for a logo?a vector based eps file is the best option. if the image was created by a graphic designer, they may be able to provide you with that. if a vector file is not available, other files, such as jpegs, can work well, but need to have been originally created at a high resolution. if you don't have access to a high resolution file, our graphic designers can recreate your image as a vector file and provide you with that for future printing. contact us for a quote.what if my image is a photograph?most digital cameras can produce a file that will work well for printing. if the image has been downloaded from a website, cropped or altered, that will often decrease the quality. if you can send the original camera file, it is likely to be of sufficient resolution, and we'd be happy to crop it for you if requested.what if i'm attempting to find images on the internet?many images online are low resolution and are not intended for printing. however, one way to filter for higher quality images is by going to the image section within the google search engine. you would search for the item, and then click on "show options" and then on the left hand side choose "large" or "medium." we do offer a wide variety of clip art in our design tool as well. if you're unable to locate an appropriate image, we do offer assistance with sourcing stock images. contact us for a quote. placing an order how do i know that you received my order, and how do i obtain a receipt?once you have submitted your order, an order confirmation containing your final order total, link to shipment status, billing, design proof, contact and shipment information will be emailed to you.what if i didn't receive my order confirmation?if you haven't received your order confirmation email, please check your junk email folder or spam filter.may i make a correction to my order after it has been submitted?since most orders are transmitted to our production staff immediately upon submission, it is generally impossible to make corrections or changes to the design submitted for printing. if you have just placed your order, and want to check if changing it is possible, please contact customer service immediately via 1-800-330-9622.what is your cancellation policy?you can find our cancellation policy in our terms of sale. shipment/delivery what is your turnaround time?you can receive your order as soon as tomorrow, but any orders placed after 3 pm (cst) will count as an order for the next day. when you're checking out you can pick when to receive your order, but the delivery options will vary based on the quantity of your order and what you order.is there any way to put a rush on my order?when you are placing your order you can decide to receive it in as soon as tomorrow.how will my oversized corrugated plastic signs ship?we do make modifications to some products in order to reduce cost to our customers. for instance, our 4'x4', 4'x6', and 4'x8' corrugated plastic signs cannot be shipped at ground shipping rates; they must ship freight which is a far more expensive for smaller orders than ground. to enable orders with quantity 9 or less large corrugated plastic signs to ship at ground shipping rates, we must slit the back of the boards in one or two places so that they fold to a shippable size. once delivered, the signs can be easily unfolded to their original width. note: orders with quantity 10 or more will ship flat and use freight shipping at cost to the customer.how do i track my order?you may check the status of your order by clicking on the link in your order confirmation email.my product contains a defect or is damaged, what can be done?if the product is damaged and / or contains manufacturing defects when you receive your order, please contact customer support via 1-800-330-9622, or send an inquiry via our support page billing and account information may i use a credit card with someone else's name?for security purposes, the billing address entered on the site must match the address on file for the credit or debit card used.what types of payment do you accept?we accept visa, mastercard and amex.what is your refund policy?for our refund policy, please see our terms of sale.do you offer any discounts?first-time customers will receive 10% off their first order for completing a survey. (note: if you log-in and log back out, the system will not automatically discount your purchase. please contact customer support via 1-800-330-9622 for additional information.) we do offer additional volume pricing for very large orders. please contact a customer service representative to inquire about special discount rates. how do you determine pricing for sign orders?buildasign.com is always working hard to keep our prices below market rates. we value you as a customer, so please let us know if you find a lower rate elsewhere. prices are not taken from a pricing sheet, but are calculated as you design your sign. as soon as you have designed your sign and selected your material and quantity, your price is calculated, including quantity price breaks. the price for your sign depends on several factors. below you will find a description of each of factor and how to use them to make the signs you need at prices you can afford. size - our signs come in many different sizes to accomodate your needs. the general rule is, the larger the sign, the more it costs. number of colors - this is a factor in the price of the sign only for high-quantity orders. if you are planning on purchasing less than 15 signs of a particular design, this will not be a factor. quantity - the more you buy, the less they cost. we are constantly improving our pricing to allow the maximum discounts to customers who purchase multiple signs. we believe strongly that quantity discounts are very important when trying to get your message out to as many people as possible. material -we offer signs in a variety of materials to help you make a sign that fits your need. we currently offer signs in aluminum, corrugated plastic, art board, magnetic, banner and bumper sticker. following is a brief description of each of our materials. aluminum - aluminum signs are the most durable and longest lasting type of yard and window sign. they are more expensive than their non-metal counterparts, but they make up for it in durability, quality and appearance. they are a perfect fit for a metal frame of the proper size. corrugated plastic - these inexpensive signs are great for outdoor advertising. whether you are selling a house, expressing your political views, or running a business, these signs make it cheap and easy to get your name out. these signs aren't as durable as aluminum, but they are the least-expensive quality yard sign available. they are compatible with wire stakes and metal frames of the proper size. art board - art board is a perfect indoor sign. it looks very professional, and is also inexpensive, making it ideal for advertising specials, openings, and other time sensitive advertisements. magnetic - magnetics are a fantastic way to advertise your business while you are on the road. let everyone in traffic see what a great business you have as they are traveling about town. and what else is great about magnetics? just throw them in your car or truck when you are done using them or don't want people to see them anymore! magnetics are available in multiple sizes to fit any sized automobile. banner - banners are great for distance advertising. other sign types are limited by size and make it hard to catch the attention of those far away, but not banners. the most popular banner size is 3ft x 8ft which is ideal for stores, parties, conventions and other locations where your sign needs to be read from a distance. banners tend to be more expensive due to their size and material, but are a must if you need to grab customers or individuals from far away. bumper sticker - what better way is there to tell people what you think, express your wit and to just "say what you want" than with a bumper sticker. ever wanted to brag about your kids accomplishments, or to tell the bragger you don't want to hear it? bumper stickers are very customizable and extremely cheap. if you have any other questions, please visit our contact us page. help contact us frequently asked questions pricing products signs vinyl banners car magnetics bumper stickers decals/stickers accessories account my account company company overview careers buildasign troops our brands easy canvas prints stay connected facebook twitter linkedin youtube we gladly accept: need help? call 1-800-330-9622 our friendly customer love team is standing by to answer any questions you may have. learn more » *free standard shipping promotions are valid for all products except metal frames, brochure boxes, plywood, alumacore, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, and some large accessories. this offer is only available within the contiguous united states and may not work with all other promotional campaigns. shipping discount will apply at checkout. **"ships next day" or "ships in 24 hours/tomorrow" refers to business days and applies to orders placed before 4pm cst. orders after 4pm cst are treated as if placed the next business day. these shipping options only apply within the contiguous united states and includes all products except metal frames, t-shirts and apparel, some paper products, stock safety and traffic signs, fabric banners, flags, vinyl lettering, clings, bumper stickers, decals, plywood, alumacore, aluminum composite material, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, orders over 500 quantity signs, and some large accessories. privacy policy terms of service accessibilty shipping policy terms of sale copyright © 2021 buildasign. all rights reserved.