来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241218084328/https://www.buildasign.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy get free design help! - call 1-800-330-9622 <main menu account log in register <main menu account log out my account <main menu account × call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. call us chat pricing corporate pricing signs sign type custom signs yard signs aluminum signs metal signs sandwich boards jumbo cards custom shaped signs foam boards shop by industry real estate signs political signs restaurant signs church signs graduation signs safety signs traffic & safety signs parking signs property signs safety signs security signs street signs vehicle signs license plates shop all signs > banners hanging banners vinyl banners fabric banners mesh banners pole banners breakaway banners standing banners retractable banners x-banner stands step & repeat banners tension fabric displays backdrop banners feather banners tabletop retractables shop all banners > flags feather flags teardrop flags flags garden flags shop all flags > magnets car magnets bumper magnets fridge magnets shop all car magnets > home & gifts wall art acrylic prints metal prints personalized gifts custom mugs custom mousepads photo pillows shop all home & gifts > stickers & decals window graphics window clings vinyl decals stickers & labels bumper stickers roll labels sheet stickers shop all stickers & decals > sign holders yard sign holders ground stakes wire stakes metal frames other holders posts & brackets a-frames & sandwich boards flag hardware banner holders shop all sign holders > marketing paper products business cards door hangers postcards posters presentation folders more products fridge magnets car wraps shop all marketing materials > tradeshow tradeshow signage tablecloths table runners event tents tension fabric displays pop-up displays backdrop banner displays popup banners tabletop retractable retractable banner x-banner stands shop all event displays > cyber week sale: 20% off everything with free shipping over $75!* ✕ success: promo applied! got it > get free design help! - call 1-800-330-9622 corporate pricing 1-800-330-9622 × call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. support order status prices help chat continue > account sign in create account cart (0) pricing calculator × material corrugated plastic .030 magnetic .045 magnetic alumacore aluminum (.040) aluminum (.063) aluminum license plate aluminum composite breakaway banner bumper sticker business card magnet clear decal decal open back tablecloth (3 sided) fabric banner feather flag fitted tablecloth (4 sided) foam boards garden flags greyback retractable banner jumbo card mesh outdoor banner 9oz pole banner polystyrene pop up displays pop up tent postcard postcard magnet premium banner presentation folders pvc 3m™ reflective aluminum (.040) 3m™ reflective aluminum (.080) retractable banner sandwich board (cor. plastic) standard flag closed back tablecloth (4 sided) static cling - transparent step & repeat w/ pole pocket step & repeat w/ grommets table runner tabletop retractable banner teardrop flag tension fabric display tension fabric stand vinyl banner x-banner semi-gloss posters premium matte posters premium glossy posters outdoor posters mounted posters size 18" x 24" 5" x 18" 6" x 18" 6" x 24" 6" x 30" 9" x 12" 9" x 24" 12" x 18" 18" x 12" 18" x 30" 24" x 18" 24" x 24" 24" x 30" 24" x 36" 36" x 24" 30" x 24" 2ft x 4ft 4ft x 4ft 4ft x 6ft 4ft x 8ft house shaped (17" x 20") arrow shaped (16.75" x 22.75") circle shaped (17" x 17") # of colors 1 2 3 4 and more price per item each your total price total click to order now! **please note above prices do not reflect any shipping or possible tax costs. for shipping costs, design items and add them to your cart.note that "quantity" refers to the number of signs that are exact copies, with no changes. << see a full pricing grid <main menu account log in register <main menu account log out my account <main menu account × call us: 1-800-330-9622 please provide the support code below to your customer service representative. call us chat pricing corporate pricing signs sign type custom signs yard signs aluminum signs metal signs sandwich boards jumbo cards custom shaped signs foam boards shop by industry real estate signs political signs restaurant signs church signs graduation signs safety signs traffic & safety signs parking signs property signs safety signs security signs street signs vehicle signs license plates shop all signs > banners hanging banners vinyl banners fabric banners mesh banners pole banners breakaway banners standing banners retractable banners x-banner stands step & repeat banners tension fabric displays backdrop banners feather banners tabletop retractables shop all banners > flags feather flags teardrop flags flags garden flags shop all flags > magnets car magnets bumper magnets fridge magnets shop all car magnets > home & gifts wall art acrylic prints metal prints personalized gifts custom mugs custom mousepads photo pillows shop all home & gifts > stickers & decals window graphics window clings vinyl decals stickers & labels bumper stickers roll labels sheet stickers shop all stickers & decals > sign holders yard sign holders ground stakes wire stakes metal frames other holders posts & brackets a-frames & sandwich boards flag hardware banner holders shop all sign holders > marketing paper products business cards door hangers postcards posters presentation folders more products fridge magnets car wraps shop all marketing materials > tradeshow tradeshow signage tablecloths table runners event tents tension fabric displays pop-up displays backdrop banner displays popup banners tabletop retractable retractable banner x-banner stands shop all event displays > × order status order number billing zip code check status privacy policy build a sign llc privacy statement last revised: 6/30/2020build a sign llc ("bas") is committed to protecting your privacy while providing quality services that give you an enjoyable and safe online experience. this privacy statement (this "statement") applies to the bas website at http://www.buildasign.com and governs the data collection and usage by bas in connection with this website. by using the bas website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. last revised: 8-15-2017bas collects personally identifiable information (“pii”), such as your e-mail address, physical address, name, and phone number, and credit card information, on its website when you register, save a design, or place an order. bas also may collect non-personally identifiable information, such as general geographic information, about you.bas may also passively collect information about your computer hardware and software. this information may include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses, bas templates made, activity on the site, operating system information, and other similar information. this information is used by bas for the operation of its services, to maintain quality of service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the bas website.build a sign llc is committed to protecting your privacy while providing quality services that give you an enjoyable and safe online experience. this privacy statement (this "statement") applies to the build a sign llc website at http://www.buildasign.com and governs the data collection and usage by build a sign llc in connection with this website. by using the build a sign llc website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. use of information about you bas collects and uses information about you, including pii, and your use of the bas website to operate the bas website and affiliated websites and to deliver the services you have requested. bas also uses pii from time to time to inform you of other products or services available from bas and its affiliates. bas may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services. note that you may opt out of being contacted by bas for any research or product updates at any time through links at the bottom of every email from bas. collection of information about you to learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://networkadvertising.org. you may also opt out by calling us at 1-800-330-9622. in addition, bas may share data, including pii, with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. bas requires these third parties to maintain the confidentiality of your information and to not use your pii except to provide services to bas. bas keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within and from the bas website in order to determine what bas services are the most popular. this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising from bas to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.bas will not use or disclose sensitive personally identifiable information about you, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your express consent. bas does not collect pii from you to track you over time and across third party websites. as a result, bas does not specifically respond to web browser do not track signals.build a sign llc collects personally identifiable information on its website when you register, save a design, or order, such as your e-mail address, physical address, name, and phone number, and credit card information. build a sign llc also may collect non-personally identifiable information, such as general geographic information, about you.bas will disclose personally identifiable information about you without notice to you only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on bas or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of bas; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of bas, bas users, or the public. use of cookies build a sign llc also may collect information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by build a sign llc. this information can include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring web site addresses, templates made, path through the site, operating system information, and other similar information. this information is used by build a sign llc for the operation of its services, to maintain quality of service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the build a sign llc web site.one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. the purpose of a cookie is to tell the website server that you have returned to a specific page. for example, if you register with the bas website or services, a cookie helps bas recall your specific information on subsequent visits. this simplifies the process of recording your personally identifiable information, such as your billing addresses, shipping addresses, and other similar information. when you return to the same bas web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the bas features that you have customized.you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the bas services or websites you visit.build a sign llc encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to visit from links that may be posted on the build a sign llc website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. build a sign llc is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the build a sign llc website. bas does not sell “personal information”; however, bas collects the following personal information from california residents solely for “business purposes,” as that term is defined in the ccpa: name physical address email address phone number ip address behavioral data use of information about you: order fulfillment marketing of bas products any service providers used in the course of fulfilling the above business purposes are contractually obligated to use personal information received from bas solely for the purpose of providing the service providers’ service to bas.build a sign llc collects and uses information about you, including personally identifiable information, and your use of the build a sign llc website to operate the build a sign llc website[ and affiliated websites] and deliver the services you have requested. build a sign llc also uses personally identifiable information from time to time to inform you of other products or services available from build a sign llc and its affiliates. build a sign llc may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. note that at any time you may opt out of being contacted by build a sign llc for any research or product updates, through clear links at the bottom of every email.you may exercise your rights under the ccpa by calling us at 1-800-330-9622 or by email us at service@buildasign.com. security build a sign llc may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. build a sign llc also uses third-party companies to help serve targeted product recommendations. these companies may use data about you collected from this site in order to provide recommendations for products and services that might be of interest to you. to learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org. you may also opt out by calling us at 1-800-330-9622. bas will not record, store, or save your credit card number without providing notice to you and receiving your express consent. unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the bas website. any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the bas website. in addition, build a sign llc may share data, including personally identifiable information, with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. build a sign llc generally requires these third parties to maintain the confidentiality of your information and to not use your personally identifiable information except to provide services to build a sign llc. bas may occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our practices or applicable law. bas encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how bas is protecting your information. if bas modifies this statement, we will make it available through this website, and indicate the date of the latest revision. in the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, bas will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. for example, bas may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the website for the first time after such material changes are made. your continued use of the bas website after the revised statement has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of this statement. contact information build a sign llc will not use or disclose sensitive personally identifiable information about you, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. build a sign llc keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within and from the build a sign llc website in order to determine what build a sign llc services are the most popular. this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising from build a sign llc to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.  build a sign llc does not collect personally identifiable information from you to track you over time and across third party websites. as a result, build a sign llc does not specifically respond to web browser do not track ("dnt") signals. help contact us frequently asked questions pricing products signs vinyl banners car magnetics bumper stickers decals/stickers accessories account my account order status company company overview careers buildasign troops buildasign giving program our brands easy canvas prints stay connected facebook twitter linkedin youtube we gladly accept: need help? call 1-800-330-9622 our friendly customer love team is standing by to answer any questions you may have. learn more » *free standard shipping promotions are valid for all products except metal frames, brochure boxes, plywood, alumacore, aluminum composite material, 4ft and larger corrugated plastic, and some large accessories. this offer is only available within the contiguous united states and may not work with all other promotional campaigns. shipping discount will apply at checkout. **"ships next day" or "ships in 24 hours/tomorrow" refers to business days and applies to orders placed before 4pm cst. orders after 4pm cst are treated as if placed the next business day. these shipping options only apply within the contiguous united states and includes all products except metal frames, apparel, some marketing materials & tradeshow products, aluminum composite material, orders over 500 quantity signs, and some large accessories. privacy policy terms of service accessibility shipping policy terms of sale copyright © 2024 buildasign. all rights reserved.