来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231071106/https://www.apple.com/macbook-air/
================================================================================

macbook air - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag search apple.com cancel apple mac ipad iphone watch tv music support shopping bag cancel macbook air open menu close menu overview macos tech specs buy buy macbook air lightness strikes again. the most loved mac is about to make you fall in love all over again. available in silver, space gray, and gold, the new thinner and lighter macbook air features a brilliant retina display, touch id, the latest-generation keyboard, and a force touch trackpad. the iconic wedge is created from 100 percent recycled aluminum, making it the greenest mac ever.1 and with all-day battery life, macbook air is your perfectly portable, do-it-all notebook. watch the macbook air product film watch the macbook air reveal film retina display four million pixels.one brilliant debut. with a resolution of 2560-by-1600 for over 4 million pixels, the results are positively jaw dropping. images take on a new level of detail and realism. text is so sharp and clear you’ll feel like you’re reading documents, email, and websites on a printed page. and with 48 percent more colors than the previous generation, everything you see is rich and vibrant. the display glass goes right to the edge of the enclosure, making the borders 50 percent thinner than before. so you can focus on what’s on your screen. and you’re going to love what you see. 13.3”high-resolution retina display 48%more colors than previous generation razor-sharp text clarity touch id your fingerprint is your password. the advanced security and convenience of touch id are now built right into macbook air. simply place your finger on the touch id sensor and — just like that — your mac unlocks. use your fingerprint to immediately access locked documents, notes, and system settings, without entering yet another password. online shopping is even easier — select apple pay at checkout, and with just one touch you’re done. no need to enter shipping or billing info, and your card details are never shared. with touch id, your private information stays private. quickly unlock your mac without typing a password securely make online purchases with apple pay instantly authenticate password-protected documents apple t2 security chip macbook air features the apple t2 security chip — second-generation custom mac silicon designed by apple to make macbook air even more secure. so when you use touch id to unlock your mac, authenticate a document, or pay a merchant online, your information stays safe. with on-the-fly data encryption, all your data stored on the ssd is automatically and fully encrypted. and thanks to the t2 security chip, a familiar voice comes to macbook air — hey siri is always ready to open apps, find documents, play music, and answer your questions. view the apple t2 security chip white paper (pdf) keyboard redesigned from a to z. the latest-generation macbook air keyboard features our butterfly mechanism — providing four times more key stability than a traditional scissor mechanism, along with greater comfort and responsiveness. and individual led-backlit keys with an ambient light sensor help you type in low-light environments. precise, more stable keys force touch trackpad the force touch trackpad lets you interact with your mac in a variety of ways based on subtle differences in pressure. you have precise control and a uniform response — no matter where you click the trackpad — as well as plenty of room for multi-touch gestures like pinch and zoom. your fingers will feel right at home. 20% larger. more room for multi‑touch gestures performance your all‑purpose, all‑day notebook. even though it weighs just 2.75 pounds, the new macbook air packs quite a punch. an eighth-generation intel core i5 processor helps you power through daily activities, from reading email and browsing the web to creating keynote presentations and editing in imovie. up to 16gb of memory lets you work seamlessly even with multiple apps open, while up to 1.5tb of ssd storage lets you launch apps in a flash and provides plenty of room for all your documents, photos, and videos. up to16gbmemory up to1.5tbssd storage 2.75 lb.light eighth-generation intel core i5 processor 802.11ac wi-fi and bluetooth 4.2 15.6 mmthin battery life with up to 12 hours of battery life, macbook air is your day‑in, day‑out dynamo. check email, browse the web, shop online, write documents, watch videos, manage spreadsheets, and more, all without plugging in. taking a transatlantic flight? line up the movies, because macbook air is ready to play for up to 13 hours — nonstop.2 thunderbolt 3 one for all, all in one. thunderbolt 3 combines ultra-high bandwidth with the ultra-versatility of the usb-c industry standard to create one revved-up universal port — and macbook air has two of them. thunderbolt 3 integrates data transfer, charging, and video output in a single connector, delivering up to 40gb/s of throughput for twice the bandwidth of thunderbolt 2. existing devices are easily connected with a cable or adapter. and thunderbolt 3 is reversible, so no matter how you plug it in, it’s always right side up. learn more about thunderbolt 3 thunderbolt 3 (usb-c) charging displays storage devices speakers and camera sound that speaks volumes. with the latest in processing and tuning techniques, macbook air sounds better than ever. stereo speakers deliver twice the bass and 25 percent more volume than the previous generation. and wider stereo sound creates immersive audio when you’re listening to music or watching a movie. the high-definition facetime camera lets one — or many — of your friends and family see you in sharp detail. and three microphones form an array that more accurately captures your voice for facetime calls, dictation, and talking to siri. 2x more bass for fuller sound with greater range 25%more volume than previous generation three-microphone array captures your voice more accurately facetime hd camera for one‑to‑one and group calls materials the first mac made with 100% recycled aluminum. introducing an aluminum alloy created by apple that delivers the same strength, durability, and flawless finish — without mining any new aluminum from the earth. it’s designed to use shavings of recaptured aluminum that are re-engineered down to the atomic level. the result is an enclosure as incredibly beautiful and strong as any we have made, and the greenest mac ever created.1 47%lower carbon emissions compared with previous generation3 6000 series aluminum for strength and durability macos simply powerful. macos is the operating system that powers everything you do on a mac. it lets you do things you simply can’t with other computers. that’s because it’s designed specifically for the hardware it runs on — and vice versa. and macos mojave brings new features inspired by its most powerful users but designed for everyone. mac + iphone your mac works with your iphone in ways no other computer can. learn more about your devices working together messagessend and receive text messages on your mac. all the messages that appear on your iphone appear on your mac too, so all your conversations are always up to date. handoffstart a document, email, text, note, and more on your mac and finish it on your iphone — or vice versa. powerful built-in apps. every mac comes equipped with a collection of powerful creativity and productivity apps. so you can get right to work. or play. learn more about macos safari mail siri reminders pages calendar messages photos garageband imovie numbers facetime apple giveback get up to $1000 toward a new macbook air.4 just trade in your eligible computer for credit or recycle it for free with apple giveback. it’s good for you and the planet. see how it works with apple giveback macbook air shop now for macbook air compare all mac models apple footer free delivery and free returns. see checkout for delivery dates. learn more get special financing and $50 in gift cards apply for the barclaycard visa® with apple rewards. learn more get help buying have a question? call a specialist or chat online. call 1-800-my-apple. contact us personal setup we'll show you how to get the most out of your new mac, online or in store. learn more recycled material claim applies to the enclosure and is based on auditing done by ul llc. testing conducted by apple in october 2018 using preproduction 1.6ghz dual-core intel core i5-based macbook air systems with 8gb of ram and 256gb ssd. the wireless web test measures battery life by wirelessly browsing 25 popular websites with display brightness set to 12 clicks from bottom or 75%. the itunes movie playback test measures battery life by playing back hd 1080p content with display brightness set to 12 clicks from bottom or 75%. the standby test measures battery life by allowing a system, connected to a wireless network and signed in to an icloud account, to enter standby mode with safari and mail applications launched and all system settings left at default. battery life varies by use and configuration. see www.apple.com/batteries for more information. total greenhouse gas emissions of 176 kg co2e based on life cycle assessment. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your trade-in device. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple store gift card. not all devices are eligible for credit. more details are available from apple’s mac trade‑in partner and apple’s iphone, ipad, and apple watch trade‑in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. payments are based on the received device matching the description you provided when your estimate was made. apple reserves the right to refuse or limit the quantity of any device for any reason. in the apple store: offer only available on presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). value of your current device may be applied toward purchase of a new apple device. offer may not be available in all stores. some stores may have additional requirements.  apple mac macbook air shop and learn open menu close menu mac ipad iphone watch tv music itunes homepod ipod touch accessories gift cards apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp field trip apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple giveback order status shopping help for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for college for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy supplier responsibility account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership job opportunities investors events contact apple more ways to shop: visit an apple store, call 1-800-my-apple, or find a reseller. united states copyright © 2018 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map