来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231235643/https://www.apple.com/accessibility/
================================================================================

accessibility - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel accessibility local nav open menu local nav close menu discover vision hearing mobility cognitive apple accessibility make yours. built‑in features designed for you to make something wonderful. go big or go bold. magnifier + door detection detect every detail. door 8 ft away turn handle or knob, swing text, bakery free cupcakes today read more about magnifier + door detection magnifier + door detection it works like a digital magnifying glass, using the camera on your iphone or ipad to increase the size of anything you point it at — from a prescription bottle to a candlelit menu. detection mode in magnifier combines the camera, lidar scanner, and on‑device machine learning to offer people detection, door detection, and image descriptions.1 determine a person’s proximity to you by using people detection. or get rich descriptions of your surroundings with door detection, which can help you navigate the last few feet to your destination by identifying doors, text, and the presence of symbols such as a restroom symbol, a no smoking symbol, or an accessible-entrance symbol.2 and image descriptions lets you hear more about items in the field of your camera. detect every detail. set up magnifier on: iphone ipad go deeper: detect people around you using magnifier on iphone detect people around you using magnifier on ipad detect doors around you using magnifier on iphone detect doors around you using magnifier on ipad display settings make quitethe display. read more about display settings display settings a collection of settings supported across product platforms helps you customize your onscreen display according to your personal preferences. make text easier to read with bold text or larger text. you can also invert colors, increase contrast, reduce transparency, or apply color filters to adapt your screen in ways that best support your vision preferences. these settings can be applied on an app-by-app basis in ios and ipados. and in macos, you can even customize the fill and outline color of your mouse pointer to make it easier to spot onscreen. make quitethe display. set up display settings on: iphone ipad mac apple watch apple tv go deeper: customize settings for specific apps on iphone customize settings for specific apps on ipad change pointer preferences for accessibility on mac use display accommodations on your apple tv increase apple tv app screen contrast increase apple tv screen contrast zoom read more about zoom zoom enlarge an area of your screen on the fly. and in ios, ipados, and macos, you can get a picture-in-picture view, allowing you to see the zoomed area in a separate window while keeping the rest of the screen at its original size. larger and larger set up zoom on: iphone ipad mac apple watch apple tv go deeper: how to zoom in or out on mac use your trackpad or mouse to zoom on mac advanced options for zoom on mac all vision features must-know is now can’t‑miss. sensory alerts read more about sensory alerts sensory alerts get an alert for incoming phone and facetime calls, new texts, email messages, and calendar events through vibration on iphone or a quick led light flash on iphone and ipad. and your mac can flash the screen when an app needs your attention. notifications. in a flash. or a vibe. set up sensory alerts on: iphone ipad mac apple watch go deeper: tell time with haptic feedback on apple watch sound recognition look down for a heads‑up. read more about sound recognition sound recognition this feature uses on‑device intelligence to notify you when it detects one of 15 different types of sounds, including alarms, appliances, door knocks, car horns, or even the sound of a crying baby. for electronic sounds, you can train your iphone or ipad to listen for and notify you of sounds that are unique to your environment, such as your doorbell. when your device detects these sounds or alerts, you’ll receive a visible and vibrating notification.3 look down for a heads‑up. set up sound recognition on: iphone ipad live captions caption real life in real time. what time would you like to meet? read more about live captions beta live captions captions can benefit everyone — from people who are deaf or hard of hearing, to those wanting to follow along in loud environments, to those who want to enhance their understanding and recollection of a conversation. the new live captions feature offers users real-time transcriptions of speech, audio, and video content.4 turn on live captions during phone or facetime calls or with any media content in your apps or browser. or use them to stay connected during in-person conversations. live captions are customizable by font, size, and background color.5 and they are generated on your device, so your conversations remain private and secure. when using live captions on mac, you have the added option to use type to speak to type out your responses and have them read out loud in real time for others in the conversation.6 caption real life in real time. set up live captions on: iphone ipad mac go deeper: turn on live captions in a facetime call on iphone turn on live captions in a facetime call on ipad turn on live captions in a facetime call on mac all hearing features get it done in more ways than one. assistivetouch + apple watch pinch.pinch.chat. read more about assistivetouch + apple watch assistivetouch + apple watch assistivetouch for apple watch lets people with upper-body limb differences use their apple watch without ever having to touch the display or controls. using built-in motion sensors and on-device learning, apple watch detects subtle differences in muscle movements and tendon activity, letting you control the display through hand gestures like a pinch or a clench. answer incoming calls, control an onscreen motion pointer, and access notification center, control center, and more.7 you can also use assistivetouch for apple watch to run shortcuts with siri to complete tasks or modify voiceover and switch control settings on your iphone. assistivetouch for ios and ipados helps you adapt standard gestures — like pinch, rotate, or swipe — to make them more comfortable for you. you can make other actions, like changing volume, accessible from the assistivetouch menu. pinch.pinch.chat. set up assistivetouch on: iphone ipad apple watch back tap tap-tap here. cuemagichere. read more about back tap back tap a double or triple tap on the back of your iphone can be set to trigger all kinds of actions, like opening control center, taking a screenshot, or cueing a favorite app. back tap can even be used to turn on a wide range of accessibility features and run shortcuts with siri, making it a great way to replace standard home screen gestures when they become tricky.8 set up back tap on: iphone siri + shortcuts there’s a shortcutfor that. ask siri. read more about siri + shortcuts siri + shortcuts siri is a faster, easier way to do all kinds of useful things, including making calls, sending messages, and more. you can choose from many different siri voices that sound incredibly natural when reading the news or answering questions.9 use type to siri to ask questions and issue commands without speaking. easily turn accessibility features on and off, and have notifications announced to you through your airpods, beats, or hearing devices. the shortcuts app lets you quickly perform everyday tasks in your most commonly used apps. just say “hey siri,” then the name of the shortcut to run it. there are several shortcut options within the gallery tab in the shortcuts app, including the accessibility assistant shortcut, which creates a custom list of recommended accessibility features based on your individual needs. there’s a shortcutfor that. ask siri. set up siri + shortcuts on: iphone ipad mac apple watch apple tv homepod airpods go deeper: get more out of siri run shortcuts with siri all mobility features create your own center of attention. safari reader be captivated by content, not clutter. read more about safari reader safari reader reduce the visual clutter and strip away ads, buttons, and navigation bars to focus only on the content you want. and make reading onscreen text easier by customizing the font, font size, and background color. you can choose to use safari reader automatically on websites where it’s available. be captivated by content, not clutter. set up safari reader on: iphone ipad mac spoken content turn assigned reading into easy listening. read more about spoken content spoken content if you learn or comprehend better when you can hear what you’re reading or writing, features like speak screen, speak selection, and typing feedback can help by adding an auditory component to text.10 as text is read aloud, highlight content can accentuate words, sentences, or both in your preferred style and color. turn assigned reading into easy listening. set up spoken content on: iphone ipad mac background sounds make your own calm. read more about background sounds background sounds background sounds can minimize everyday sounds that might be distracting, discomforting, or overwhelming. balanced, bright, or dark noise and ocean, rain, or stream sounds continuously play in the background to help you focus, relax, or rest. background sounds can also mix into or duck under other audio and system sounds as you use your device. make your own calm. set up background sounds on: iphone ipad mac all cognitive features screens that speak volumes. voiceover puts moments into words. read more about voiceover voiceover voiceover is an industry-leading screen reader that describes exactly what’s happening on your device. navigate while receiving audible descriptions or braille output of onscreen content when using compatible braille devices with your iphone, ipad, mac, apple watch, apple tv, or homepod.10 you can explore details about the people, text, table data, and other objects within images.11 hear receipts or labels read like a table — by row and column, complete with headers. voiceover can also describe a person’s position in relation to objects within images, so you can relive memories in greater detail. puts moments into words. set up voiceover on: iphone ipad mac apple watch apple tv homepod go deeper: voiceover command charts use screen curtain with voiceover use the voiceover help menu on mac customize voiceover with voiceover utility on mac audio descriptions descriptions that really make a scene. read more about audio descriptions audio descriptions watch movies with detailed audio descriptions of everything happening in the scene — from a character’s expression to the mood of the shot. audio descriptions are available for all apple tv+ original content. watch coda on the apple tv app descriptions that really make a scene. set up audio descriptions on: iphone ipad mac apple tv windows pc smart tv go deeper: find audio-described content create descriptive audio tracks speak selection this feature speaks for itself. read more about speak selection speak selection choose a specific range of text that you want to hear, and have your iphone, ipad, or mac read it to you. speak selection is available in more than 60 languages and locales.10 this feature speaks for itself. set up speak selection on: iphone ipad mac go deeper: adjust voice and speed for voiceover and speak screen on your iphone or ipad all vision features hear. there.everywhere. headphone accommodations make a sound decision. read more about headphone accommodations headphone accommodations customize your audio experience to your individual hearing needs. with your iphone or ipad, you can amplify soft sounds or adjust certain frequencies to make media and phone calls sound more crisp and clear through your headphones. or quickly adjust audio settings with your latest hearing test results imported from a paper or pdf audiogram. conversation boost for airpods pro helps you stay more connected while talking to people in crowded or noisy environments. computational audio and beamforming microphones focus airpods pro on the voice of the person directly in front of you, helping you distinguish their speech from background noise and follow along better during face-to-face conversations in loud locations. make a sound decision. set up headphone accommodations on: iphone ipad airpods max airpods pro airpods earpods powerbeats powerbeats pro beats solo pro made for iphone hearing devices match your levels to your location. read more about made for iphone hearing devices made for iphone hearing devices apple has worked with top manufacturers to create hearing aids, cochlear implants, and sound processors designed specifically for iphone and ipad. apply your audiologist’s presets without having to rely on additional remotes, or adjust your own levels as you move from quiet environments to louder ones. support for bidirectional hearing aids allows those who are deaf or hard of hearing to have hands-free phone and facetime conversations. and you can keep better track of all your notifications by having siri announce them through your made for iphone hearing device. match your levels to your location. set up made for iphone hearing devices on: iphone ipad go deeper: explore all models of made for iphone hearing devices hearing aid compatibility requirements for iphone live listen catch the conversation. from acrossthe room. read more about live listen live listen live listen can help you hear conversations in loud settings, or amplify someone speaking from across the room, by sending audio from iphone or ipad to supported wireless headphones or made for iphone hearing devices, such as hearing aids and cochlear implants.12 set up live listen on: iphone ipad airpods max airpods pro airpods powerbeats pro beats fit pro made for iphone hearing devices all hearing features works with every move you make. voice control let your voice call the shots. open camera tap take picture tap photo tap share read more about voice control voice control simple vocal commands let you quickly open and interact with apps using ios, ipados, and macos. you can also navigate through numbered labels alongside clickable items or by superimposing a grid to precisely select, zoom, and drag. with voice control spelling mode, you can dictate names, addresses, and custom spellings letter by letter, with the option to choose between individual letters or the phonetic alphabet.13 voice control is available in many languages, including chinese, french, and japanese.14 let your voice call the shots. set up voice control on: iphone ipad mac go deeper: voice control white paper (pdf) eye-tracking support for ipados read more about eye-tracking support for ipados eye-tracking support for ipados navigate your ipad with only your eyes. ipados supports third‑party eye‑tracking devices.15 compatible devices track where you’re looking onscreen, and the pointer moves to follow your gaze. extended eye contact performs onscreen actions, like a tap to select. move up two lines.select sentence.capitalize that. set up eye-tracking support on: ipad switch control switch it up to get around. read more about switch control switch control use a variety of adaptive devices and item, point, and manual scanning to navigate sequentially through onscreen elements and perform specific actions. switch control works with accessories like a switch, a joystick, a keyboard space bar, or a trackpad. it also works with sound actions for switch control, which lets you use simple mouth sounds like a click, pop, or “ee” sound. and with apple watch mirroring, you can use switch control and other assistive features to fully control your apple watch from your iphone.16 switch it up to get around. set up switch control on: iphone ipad mac apple tv go deeper: change switch control settings on mac for accessibility on mac use the panel editor for switch control on mac use switch control on your device to control another apple device all mobility features accessibility starts here. get more out of your features. learn tips, tricks, and how-tos for accessibility features straight from apple support on youtube. watch now accessibility support learn more accessibility accessories shop developer guides learn more more from apple on accessibility. apple footer contact us apple accessibility support is available over the phone or chat. learn more about contacting apple for accessibility support vpats download voluntary product accessibility templates (vpats) in pdf format. learn more about voluntary product accessibility templates detection mode requires devices with the lidar scanner. the lidar scanner is available only on iphone 12 pro, iphone 12 pro max, iphone 13 pro, iphone 13 pro max, ipad pro 12.9‑inch (4th generation or later), and ipad pro 11‑inch (2nd generation or later). door detection can read signs in cantonese (simplified, traditional), chinese (simplified, traditional), english (u.s.), french (france), german (germany), italian (italy), japanese (japan), korean (korea), portuguese (brazil), russian (russia), spanish (spain), and ukrainian (ukraine). door detection should not be relied on in circumstances where you may be harmed or injured or in high-risk or emergency situations. sound recognition should not be relied on in circumstances where you may be harmed or injured, in high-risk or emergency situations, or for navigation. live captions are available on iphone 11 and later, ipad models with a12 bionic and later, and mac computers with apple silicon. live captions are available for calls and media when users have their system language set to english (canada, u.s.). accuracy of live captions may vary and should not be relied on in high-risk or emergency situations. customization options are not available for live captions in facetime. type to speak is available in english (canada, u.s.) as part of live captions on mac computers with apple silicon. assistivetouch for apple watch requires apple watch series 4 or later. back tap requires iphone 8 or later with ios 14 or later. siri is available in australia, austria, belgium (dutch, french), brazil, canada (english, french), chile, china mainland (cantonese, mandarin chinese), denmark, finland (finnish), france, germany, hong kong (cantonese), india (english), ireland (english), israel (hebrew), italy, japan, malaysia (malay), mexico, netherlands, new zealand, norway, russia, saudi arabia (arabic), singapore (english), south africa (english), south korea, spain, sweden, switzerland (french, german, italian), taiwan (mandarin chinese), thailand, turkey, united arab emirates (arabic), united kingdom, and united states (english, spanish). features may vary by area. internet access required. supports arabic (world), basque, bangla (india), bhojpuri (india), bulgarian, cantonese (hong kong), catalan, croatian, czech, danish, dutch (belgium, netherlands), english (australia, india, ireland, scotland, south africa, uk, u.s.), farsi, finnish, french (belgium, canada, france), galician, german, greek, hebrew, hindi, hungarian, indonesian, italian, japanese, kannada, korean, malay, mandarin (china mainland, taiwan, liaoning, shaanxi, sichuan), marathi, norwegian, polish, portuguese (brazil, portugal), romanian, russian, shanghainese (china mainland), slovak, slovenian, spanish (argentina), spanish (chile, colombia, mexico, spain), swedish, tamil, telugu, thai, turkish, ukrainian, valencian, and vietnamese. voiceover image recognition works with ipad pro with ipados 14 or later and iphone xr or later with ios 14 or later. for macos, image recognition requires macos big sur or later. live listen requires compatible made for iphone hearing devices and supports iphone 4s or later, ipad pro, ipad (4th generation or later), ipad air or later, and ipad mini or later. to use live listen with airpods, airpods pro, airpods max, or powerbeats pro, the ios or ipados device requires ios 14.3 or later or ipados 14.3 or later. voice control spelling mode is available when users have their system language set to english (u.s.). voice control is not available in all areas and on all apple software. voice control utilizes the siri speech recognition engine for cantonese (hong kong), chinese (china mainland), english (australia, canada, india, uk, u.s.), french (france), german (germany), japanese (japan), and spanish (mexico, spain, u.s.). eye‑tracking support works with ipados 15 or later and requires third‑party hardware, which may not be available in all areas. third‑party eye‑tracking devices are available in australia, austria, belgium, bulgaria, canada, croatia, cyprus, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, germany, greece, hungary, ireland, italy, latvia, lithuania, luxembourg, malta, netherlands, norway, poland, portugal, romania, slovakia, slovenia, spain, sweden, switzerland, united kingdom, and united states. apple watch mirroring is available on apple watch series 6 and later.  apple accessibility shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map