来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231235643/https://www.apple.com/iphone/
================================================================================

iphone - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel iphone 14 pro new iphone 14 new iphone 13 iphone se iphone 12 compare airpods airtag accessories apple card ios 16 shop iphone iphone get 3% daily cash back with apple card. and pay for your new iphone over 24 months, interest‑free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more new iphone 14 big and bigger. 1 buy learn more choose your color and take it for a spin. blue purple midnight starlight (product)red view iphone 14 in ar new iphone 14 pro pro. beyond. 1 buy learn more choose your color and take it for a spin. deep purple gold silver space black view iphone 14 pro in ar iphone se love the power.love the price. 1 buy learn more take it for a spin. midnight starlight (product)red view iphone se in ar a guided tour of iphone 14 & iphone 14 pro watch the film which iphone is right for you? new iphone 14 pro the ultimate iphone. buy learn more view in ar 6.7″ or 6.1″ super retina xdr display2 promotion technology always-on display dynamic island a new way to interact with iphone emergency sos via satellite3 emergency sos crash detection pro camera system 48mp main ultra wide telephoto photonic engine for incredible detail and color autofocus on truedepth front camera action mode smooths out shaky handheld videos up to 29 hours video playback4 a16 bionic chip face id new iphone 14 a total powerhouse. ** buy learn more view in ar 6.7″ or 6.1″ super retina xdr display2 emergency sos via satellite3 emergency sos crash detection advanced dual-camera system 12mp main ultra wide photonic engine for incredible detail and color autofocus on truedepth front camera action mode smooths out shaky handheld videos up to 26 hours video playback4 a15 bionic chip with 5-core gpu face id iphone 13 as amazing as ever. ** buy learn more view in ar 6.1″ or 5.4″ super retina xdr display2 emergency sos dual‑camera system 12mp main ultra wide truedepth front camera up to 19 hours video playback4 a15 bionic chip with 4-core gpu face id iphone se serious power. serious value. buy learn more view in ar 4.7″ retina hd display emergency sos advanced camera system 12mp main front camera up to 15 hours video playback4 a15 bionic chip with 4-core gpu touch id compare all iphone models shop iphone wow yourself. get the gift you’ve been eyeing all season. shop ways to buy iphone special carrier deals at apple save up to $1000 on the newest iphone after trade‑in.5 at&t get up to $1000 credit after trade‑in sprint, now part of t-mobile get $300–$850 credit after trade‑in t-mobile get up to $400 credit after trade‑in verizon get up to $800 credit after trade‑in find your deal our specialists can help you shop — online or in store. connect with an iphone specialist trade in your smartphone for credit. with apple trade in, you can get credit toward a new iphone when you trade in an eligible smartphone.6 it’s good for you and the planet. learn more get 3% daily cash back with apple card. and pay for your new iphone over 24 months, interest‑free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more why apple is the best place to buy iphone. you can choose a payment option that works for you, pay less with a trade‑in, connect your new iphone to your carrier, and get set up quickly. you can also chat with a specialist anytime. learn more featured accessories magsafe snap on a magnetic case, wallet, or both. and get faster wireless charging. shop magsafe accessories airtag attach one to your keys. put another in your backpack. if they’re misplaced, just use the find my app. buy learn more magic runs in the family. explore all airpods models and find the best ones for you. learn more shop all iphone accessories fast, free delivery or pick up available items at an apple store. learn more pay monthly at 0% apr you can pay over time when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* learn more get help buying have a question? call a specialist or chat online. call 1‑800‑my‑apple. learn more what makes an iphone an iphone? ios 16 personal is powerful. learn more switching to iphone is super simple. learn more privacy. that’s iphone. learn more get more out of your iphone. apple one bundle up to six apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free7 learn more apple tv plus get 3 months of apple tv+ freewhen you buy an iphone.8 try it free learn moreabout apple tv plus apple music over 100 million songs. start listening for free today. try it free9 learn more apple news plus get 3 months of apple news+ free when you buy an iphone.10 learn more apple arcade get 3 months of apple arcade free when you buy an iphone. try it free11 learn more fitness+ fitness for everyone. now all you need is iphone. learn moretry it free12 apple gift card for everything and everyone. learn moreabout apple gift card buy introducingthe appleresearch app. the future of health research is you. learn more apple footer * apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option available only in the u.s. to select at checkout for certain apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. variable aprs for apple card other than acmi range from 14.74% to 25.74% based on creditworthiness. rates as of december 1, 2022. if you choose the pay‑in‑full or one‑time‑payment option for an acmi‑eligible purchase instead of choosing acmi as the payment option at checkout, that purchase will be subject to the variable apr assigned to your apple card. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. iphone activation required on iphone purchases made at an apple store with one of these national carriers: at&t, sprint, verizon, or t‑mobile. ** pricing includes a $30 connectivity discount that requires activation with at&t, t‑mobile, sprint, or verizon. pricing for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes a $30 connectivity discount that requires activation with at&t, t‑mobile, sprint, or verizon. available to qualified customers and requires 24‑month installment loan when you select citizens one or apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple. iphone activation required with at&t, t‑mobile, sprint, or verizon for purchases made with acmi at an apple store. subject to credit approval and credit limit. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. additional apple card monthly installments terms are in the apple card customer agreement. additional iphone payments terms are here. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product's purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. the display has rounded corners that follow a beautiful curved design, and these corners are within a standard rectangle. when measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screen is 5.42 inches (iphone 13 mini, iphone 12 mini), 5.85 inches (iphone 11 pro, iphone xs, iphone x), 6.06 inches (iphone 14, iphone 13 pro, iphone 13, iphone 12 pro, iphone 12, iphone 11, iphone xr), 6.12 inches (iphone 14 pro), 6.46 inches (iphone 11 pro max, iphone xs max), 6.68 inches (iphone 14 plus, iphone 13 pro max, iphone 12 pro max), or 6.69 inches (iphone 14 pro max) diagonally. actual viewable area is less. service is included for free for two years with the activation of any iphone 14 model. connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions, and other factors. see apple.com/iphone-14 or apple.com/iphone-14-pro for more information. all battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. see apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/battery.html for more information. at&t iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of at&t trade‑in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max of either $1000, $800, or $350 (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone), max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. requires upgrade of an existing line or activation of a new line and purchase of a new iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max on qualifying 36 month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. at&t installment plan with next up is not eligible for this promotion. $0 down for well qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. requires activation on eligible unlimited plan. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. trade in device may not be on existing installment plan. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36 month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catchup credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited time offer; subject to change. limits: one trade‑in per qualifying purchase and one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 at&t connectivity discount. activation required. at&t iphone 13 special deal: buy an iphone 13 128 gb and get $550 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 13 256 gb and get $470 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 13 512 gb and get $490 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36‑month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well‑qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36‑month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch‑up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited‑time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. at&t iphone se special deal: buy an iphone se 64 gb and get $250 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone se 128 gb and get $120 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone se 256 gb and get $40 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36‑month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well‑qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36‑month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch‑up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited‑time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. sprint special deal: sprint trade‑in credit in the form of a rebate with virtual prepaid card when you trade in a qualifying device. limited‑time offer; subject to change. requires activation on any sprint data plan and submission of a promo code at promotions.t-mobile.com. $200 rebate via virtual prepaid mastercard® card, which you can use online or in‑store via accepted mobile payment apps; no cash access & expires in 6 months from issuance. card is issued by sunrise banks n.a., member fdic, pursuant to a license from mastercard international incorporated. mastercard is a registered trademark of mastercard international incorporated. use of this card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated in the cardholder agreement. lines must be active and in good standing when card is issued. allow up to 2 billing cycles after fulfillment of offer requirements. max 4 per account offer/discounted devices/account. may not be combined with some offers or discounts. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires trade‑in of an iphone xr or newer in good condition, including iphone se (2nd generation). must be at least 18 to trade in. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade‑in transaction for any reason. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid, government‑issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in‑store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. additional terms from apple, sprint, and apple’s trade‑in partners may apply. t-mobile iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade‑in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) t‑mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t‑mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade‑in. tax on pre‑credit price due at sale. limited‑time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade‑in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 t‑mobile connectivity discount. activation required. t-mobile iphone 13 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade‑in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) t‑mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t‑mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade in. tax on pre‑credit price due at sale. limited‑time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade‑in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone 13 and iphone 13 mini includes $30 t‑mobile connectivity discount. activation required. t-mobile iphone se 3 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade‑in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone se 3 and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone se 3 of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) t‑mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t‑mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade in. tax on pre‑credit price due at sale. limited‑time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade‑in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone se 3 includes $30 t‑mobile connectivity discount. activation required. verizon iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade‑in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus with credit of $800 or $400 for customers on a do more, play more, get more, or one unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone); or $400 or $200 for customers on a start unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1‑2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade‑in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade‑in. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade‑in transaction for any reason. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid, government‑issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in‑store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited‑time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple's trade‑in partners may apply. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 verizon connectivity discount. activation required. verizon iphone 13 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini with credit of $600 or $300 for customers on a do more, play more, get more, or one unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone); or $300 or $100 for customers on a start unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1‑2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 13 mini or iphone 13 with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade‑in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade‑in. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade‑in transaction for any reason. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid, government‑issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in‑store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited‑time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple's trade‑in partners may apply. price for iphone 13 and iphone 13 mini includes $30 verizon connectivity discount. activation required. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $6.99/month after free trial. only one offer per apple id and only one offer per family if you’re part of a family sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. this offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an apple tv+ one year free offer. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. new subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. offer available to new subscribers who purchase an eligible device on or after september 7, 2022. $9.99/month after trial. only one offer per apple id and only one offer per family if you’re part of a family sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation, from december 12, 2022. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. $4.99/month after free trial. only one offer per apple id and only one offer per family if you’re part of a family sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. apple fitness+ requires iphone 8 or later, or apple watch series 3 or later paired with iphone 6s or later. new subscribers only. $9.99/month after trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. to access and use all the features of apple card, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad with the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. learn more about how apple card applications are evaluated at support.apple.com/kb/ht209218. available for qualifying applicants in the united states. apple card is issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877‑255‑5923 with questions about apple card.  apple iphone shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map