来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231235643/https://www.apple.com/us/shop/goto/payment_plan
================================================================================

financing and credit - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel buy the way that’s right for you. pay for the products you love monthly and interest-free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.¹ you’ll get 3% daily cash back every time. and if you’re buying a new iphone, you can also pay monthly with your carrier and take advantage of special offers. special carrier deals at apple save up to $1000 on the newest iphone after trade-in.† get up to $1000 credit after trade-in get $300–$850 credit after trade-in get up to $400 credit after trade-in get up to $800 credit after trade-in find your deal our specialists can help you shop — online or in store. connect with an iphone specialist (opens in a new window) apple card monthly installments pay for your new apple products over time, interest-free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.¹ now when you shop at apple using apple card, you can pay monthly at 0% apr for your new iphone, ipad, mac, apple watch, and eligible accessories when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments. and you’ll get 3% daily cash back — all up front. learn more get 3% daily cash back. all up front. trade in your current device. pay even less per month.2 only at apple. start shopping with apple card monthly installments today. iphone from $429 or $17.87/mo. per month for 24 mo.months³ shop iphone shop iphone mac from $699 or $58.25/mo. per month for 12 mo.months⁴ shop mac shop mac watch from $249 or $10.37/mo. per month for 24 mo.months⁴ shop apple watch shop apple watch ipad from $329 or $27.41/mo. per month for 12 mo.months⁴ shop ipad shop ipad airpods from $129 or $21.50/mo. per month for 6 mo.months⁴ explore airpods explore airpods select accessories are also eligible for apple card monthly installments. buying with apple card gives you all these great benefits, too. unlimited daily cash back with every purchase, including 3% at apple and 2% when you use apple card with apple pay. no fees.⁵ not even hidden ones. the privacy and security you expect from iphone. an apple-designed titanium card that can be used anywhere mastercard is accepted. see if you’re approved without impacting your credit score.⁶ apply for apple card nowapply for apple card now learn more already have apple card? there’s no additional application needed. just choose apple card monthly installments when you check out. carrier financing pay monthly, enjoy daily. buy your next iphone directly from apple to take advantage of special deals and the simplicity of paying for your new iphone on your regular carrier bills. whether you upgrade online or in-store, we make it simple to connect your new iphone to a plan that works for you. buying an iphone is easier with apple. compare carrier offers and choose the one that’s best for you — we even make it simple to switch carriers or plans. trade in your current smartphone to lower your monthly payments. activate your new iphone on the carrier of your choice. keep your number and rate plan or even choose a new one — and save yourself a trip to the carrier store. need some help? chat now, call 1-800-my-apple, or find a store chat now (opens in a new window) buy your new iphone from apple. pay for it with your carrier. choose from select carrier plans when you buy online. or visit an apple store for even more options. iphone 14 pro buy iphone 14 buy iphone 13 buy small-business financing get the apple products you need with financing options that work for you. learn morefinancing get help buying have a question? call a specialist or chat online. call 1‑800‑my‑apple. contact us (opens in a new window) † at&t iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of at&t trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus and trade-in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max of either $1000, $800, or $350 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone), max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. requires upgrade of an existing line or activation of a new line and purchase of a new iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max on qualifying 36 month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. at&t installment plan with next up is not eligible for this promotion. $0 down for well qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. requires activation on eligible unlimited plan. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. trade in device may not be on existing installment plan. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36 month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catchup credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited time offer; subject to change. limits: one trade-in per qualifying purchase and one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 at&t connectivity discount. activation required. at&t iphone 13 special deal: buy an iphone 13 128 gb and get $550 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 13 256 gb and get $470 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 13 512 gb and get $490 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch-up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited-time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. at&t iphone se special deal: buy an iphone se 64 gb and get $250 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone se 128 gb and get $120 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone se 256 gb and get $40 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch-up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited-time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. sprint special deal: sprint trade-in credit in the form of a rebate with virtual prepaid card when you trade in a qualifying device. limited-time offer; subject to change. requires activation on any sprint data plan and submission of a promo code at promotions.t-mobile.com. $200 rebate via virtual prepaid mastercard® card, which you can use online or in-store via accepted mobile payment apps; no cash access & expires in 6 months from issuance. card is issued by sunrise banks n.a., member fdic, pursuant to a license from mastercard international incorporated. mastercard is a registered trademark of mastercard international incorporated. use of this card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated in the cardholder agreement. lines must be active and in good standing when card is issued. allow up to 2 billing cycles after fulfillment of offer requirements. max 4 per account offer/discounted devices/account. may not be combined with some offers or discounts. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires trade-in of an iphone xr or newer in good condition, including iphone se (2nd generation). must be at least 18 to trade in. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id(local law may require saving this information). in-store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more.additional terms from apple, sprint, and apple’s trade-in partners may apply. t-mobile special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t-mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus and trade-in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t-mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t-mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade-in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 t-mobile connectivity discount. activation required. t-mobile iphone 13 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t-mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini and trade-in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t-mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t-mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone 13 and iphone 13 mini includes $30 t-mobile connectivity discount. activation required. t-mobile iphone se 3 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t-mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone se 3 and trade-in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone se 3 of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t-mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t-mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone se 3 includes $30 t-mobile connectivity discount. activation required. verizon iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus with credit of $800 or $400 for customers on a do more, play more, get more, or one unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone); or $400 or $200 for customers on a start unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone). credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1-2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade-in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade-in. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in-store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited-time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple's trade-in partners may apply. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 verizon connectivity discount. activation required. verizon iphone 13 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini with credit of $600 or $300 for customers on a do more, play more, get more, or one unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone); or $300 or $100 for customers on a start unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone). credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1-2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 13 mini or iphone 13 with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade-in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade-in. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in-store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited-time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple's trade-in partners may apply. price for iphone 13 and iphone 13 mini includes $30 verizon connectivity discount. activation required. apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option available only in the u.s. to select at checkout for certain apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see https://support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 (opens in a new window) for more information about eligible products. variable aprs for apple card other than acmi range from 14.74% to 25.74% based on creditworthiness. rates as of december 1, 2022. if you choose the pay-in-full or one-time-payment option for an acmi-eligible purchase instead of choosing acmi as the payment option at checkout, that purchase will be subject to the variable apr assigned to your apple card. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement (opens in a new window) for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. iphone activation required on iphone purchases made at an apple store with one of these national carriers: at&t, verizon, sprint, or t-mobile. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. available to qualified customers and requires 24-month installment loan when you select citizens one or apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple. iphone activation required with at&t, t-mobile, sprint, or verizon for purchases made with acmi at an apple store. subject to credit approval and credit limit. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. additional apple card monthly installments terms are in the customer agreement. additional iphone payments terms are here. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. monthly pricing is available when you select apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. financing terms vary by product. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. variable aprs range from 14.74% to 25.74% based on creditworthiness. rates as of december 1, 2022. accepting an apple card after your application is approved will result in a hard inquiry, which may impact your credit score. to access and use all the features of apple card, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad with the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. available for qualifying applicants in the united states. apple card is issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. †† we approximate your location from your internet ip address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to apple. apple financing financing and credit shop and learn open menusection-one close menusection-one mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards services open menusection-two-0 close menusection-two-0 apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud+ apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menusection-two-1 close menusection-two-1 manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menusection-three close menusection-three find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menusection-four-0 close menusection-four-0 apple and business shop for business for education open menusection-four-1 close menusection-four-1 apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menusection-four-2 close menusection-four-2 apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menusection-four-3 close menusection-four-3 shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menusection-five-0 close menusection-five-0 accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menusection-five-1 close menusection-five-1 newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1‑800‑my‑apple. united states copyright © 2023 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map