来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231234045/https://www.apple.com/newsroom/
================================================================================

newsroom - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatchvisionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ newsroom open newsroom navigation close newsroom navigation search newsroom apple stories popular topics popular topics airpods app store apple arcade apple tv+ company news education environment events health ipad iphone mac music store news tv & home watch airpods app store apple arcade apple tv+ company news education environment events health ipad iphone mac music store news tv & home watch opens in new window newsroom apple newsroom needs your permission to enable desktop notifications when new articles are published latest news update the athletic joins apple news+ december 19, 2023 quick read apple expands self service repair and introduces new diagnostics process december 13, 2023 quick read december 13, 2023 apple expands self service repair and introduces new diagnostics process apple is expanding self service repair, and launching a new diagnostic tool that gives users more transparency and autonomy to troubleshoot issues. self service repair is now available for the iphone 15 lineup and mac models powered by the m2 lineup, including the 14- and 16-inch macbook pro, the 15-inch macbook air, mac mini, mac pro, and mac studio. self service repair is also now available for apple users in 24 additional european countries, including croatia, denmark, greece, netherlands, portugal, and switzerland. with this latest expansion, self service repair now supports 35 apple products in 33 countries and 24 languages. additionally, apple diagnostics for self service repair is available today in the u.s., with availability in europe to come next year. intended for users with the knowledge and expertise to repair apple devices, apple diagnostics troubleshooting sessions will give customers the same ability as apple authorized service providers and independent repair providers to test devices for optimal part functionality and performance, as well as identify which parts may need repair. launched in april 2022, self service repair gives anyone with relevant experience repairing electronic devices access to the manuals, genuine apple parts, and tools used at apple store and apple authorized service provider locations. the program is part of apple’s broader commitment to expand repair options for consumers. for users who don’t have experience repairing electronic devices, visiting a professional apple authorized service provider with certified technicians who use genuine apple parts — designed and tested to internationally recognized standards — is the safest and most reliable way to get a repair. over the past three years, apple has nearly doubled the number of service locations with access to genuine apple parts, tools, and training, including more than 4,500 independent repair providers. a global network of more than 5,000 apple authorized service providers supports more than 100,000 active technicians. text of this article december 13, 2023 update apple expands self service repair and introduces new diagnostics process apple is expanding self service repair, and launching a new diagnostic tool that gives users more transparency and autonomy to troubleshoot issues. self service repair is now available for the iphone 15 lineup and mac models powered by the m2 lineup, including the 14- and 16-inch macbook pro, the 15-inch macbook air, mac mini, mac pro, and mac studio. self service repair is also now available for apple users in 24 additional european countries, including croatia, denmark, greece, netherlands, portugal, and switzerland. with this latest expansion, self service repair now supports 35 apple products in 33 countries and 24 languages. additionally, apple diagnostics for self service repair is available today in the u.s., with availability in europe to come next year. intended for users with the knowledge and expertise to repair apple devices, apple diagnostics troubleshooting sessions will give customers the same ability as apple authorized service providers and independent repair providers to test devices for optimal part functionality and performance, as well as identify which parts may need repair. launched in april 2022, self service repair gives anyone with relevant experience repairing electronic devices access to the manuals, genuine apple parts, and tools used at apple store and apple authorized service provider locations. the program is part of apple’s broader commitment to expand repair options for consumers. for users who don’t have experience repairing electronic devices, visiting a professional apple authorized service provider with certified technicians who use genuine apple parts — designed and tested to internationally recognized standards — is the safest and most reliable way to get a repair. over the past three years, apple has nearly doubled the number of service locations with access to genuine apple parts, tools, and training, including more than 4,500 independent repair providers. a global network of more than 5,000 apple authorized service providers supports more than 100,000 active technicians. copy text press contacts anteneh daniel apple anteneh@apple.com nick leahy apple nleahy@apple.com apple media helpline media.help@apple.com quick read apple spotlights the top apps and games of 2023 on the app store december 12, 2023 quick read december 12, 2023 apple spotlights the top apps and games of 2023 on the app store as the year comes to a close, apple is recognizing the most popular apps and games of 2023, with year-end charts localized for users in more than 35 countries and regions. the 2023 charts, now available on the app store’s today tab, include the top free and paid apps and games, as well as the top apple arcade games. in addition to year-end charts, users can also discover the 2023 app store award winners, the very best apps and games of the year selected by the app store editorial team for their ability to provide users with meaningful experiences and inspire cultural change. the app store is the world’s safest and most vibrant app marketplace, recommending the best apps and games to its more than 650 million weekly visitors. with helpfully curated content from the app store’s team of global editors, the today, apps, and games tabs remain a daily destination for users to discover in-app events, original stories, in-depth interviews, tips and collections through easy-to-browse sections, and personalized content based on their interests. check out this year’s most downloaded apps and games of 2023 in the u.s.: top free iphone apps temu: shop like a billionaire capcut - video editor max: stream hbo, tv, & movies threads, an instagram app tiktok instagram google youtube: watch, listen, stream whatsapp messenger gmail - email by google top paid iphone apps shadowrocket hotschedules procreate pocket the wonder weeks 75 hard autosleep track sleep on watch goblin tools tonalenergy tuner & metronome skyview ankimobile flashcards top free iphone games monopoly go! roblox royal match subway surfers gardenscapes call of duty: mobile block blast! makeover studio: makeup games parking jam 3d survivor!.io top paid iphone games minecraft heads up! geometry dash bloons td 6 monopoly papa’s freezeria to go! plague inc. red’s first flight five nights at freddy’s grand theft auto: san andreas top free ipad apps max: stream hbo, tv, & movies youtube: watch, listen, stream netflix google chrome disney+ goodnotes 6 tiktok amazon prime video temu: shop like a billionaire peacock tv: stream tv & movies top paid ipad apps procreate shadowrocket nomad sculpt forscore toca life: hospital bluebeam revu for ipad teach your monster to read ankimobile flashcards endless paper toonsquid top free ipad games roblox magic tiles 3: piano game subway surfers royal match among us! duet cats: cute cat games stumble guys monopoly go! bridge race gardenscapes top paid ipad games minecraft geometry dash bloons td 6 stardew valley monopoly five nights at freddy’s red’s first flight poppy playtime chapter 1 plague inc. garten of banban 2 top apple arcade games nba 2k23 arcade edition cooking mama: cuisine! bloons td 6+ angry birds reloaded sneaky sasquatch warped kart racers hello kitty island adventure snake.io+ fruit ninja classic+ solitaire by mobilityware+ text of this article december 12, 2023 update apple spotlights the top apps and games of 2023 on the app store as the year comes to a close, apple is recognizing the most popular apps and games of 2023, with year-end charts localized for users in more than 35 countries and regions. the 2023 charts, now available on the app store’s today tab, include the top free and paid apps and games, as well as the top apple arcade games. in addition to year-end charts, users can also discover the 2023 app store award winners, the very best apps and games of the year selected by the app store editorial team for their ability to provide users with meaningful experiences and inspire cultural change. the app store is the world’s safest and most vibrant app marketplace, recommending the best apps and games to its more than 650 million weekly visitors. with helpfully curated content from the app store’s team of global editors, the today, apps, and games tabs remain a daily destination for users to discover in-app events, original stories, in-depth interviews, tips and collections through easy-to-browse sections, and personalized content based on their interests. check out this year’s most downloaded apps and games of 2023 in the u.s.: top free iphone apps temu: shop like a billionaire capcut - video editor max: stream hbo, tv, & movies threads, an instagram app tiktok instagram google youtube: watch, listen, stream whatsapp messenger gmail - email by google top paid iphone apps shadowrocket hotschedules procreate pocket the wonder weeks 75 hard autosleep track sleep on watch goblin tools tonalenergy tuner & metronome skyview ankimobile flashcards top free iphone games monopoly go! roblox royal match subway surfers gardenscapes call of duty: mobile block blast! makeover studio: makeup games parking jam 3d survivor!.io top paid iphone games minecraft heads up! geometry dash bloons td 6 monopoly papa’s freezeria to go! plague inc. red’s first flight five nights at freddy’s grand theft auto: san andreas top free ipad apps max: stream hbo, tv, & movies youtube: watch, listen, stream netflix google chrome disney+ goodnotes 6 tiktok amazon prime video temu: shop like a billionaire peacock tv: stream tv & movies top paid ipad apps procreate shadowrocket nomad sculpt forscore toca life: hospital bluebeam revu for ipad teach your monster to read ankimobile flashcards endless paper toonsquid top free ipad games roblox magic tiles 3: piano game subway surfers royal match among us! duet cats: cute cat games stumble guys monopoly go! bridge race gardenscapes top paid ipad games minecraft geometry dash bloons td 6 stardew valley monopoly five nights at freddy’s red’s first flight poppy playtime chapter 1 plague inc. garten of banban 2 top apple arcade games nba 2k23 arcade edition cooking mama: cuisine! bloons td 6+ angry birds reloaded sneaky sasquatch warped kart racers hello kitty island adventure snake.io+ fruit ninja classic+ solitaire by mobilityware+ copy text press contacts d'nara cush apple d_cush@apple.com apple media helpline media.help@apple.com update redesigned apple tv app elevates the viewing experience december 11, 2023 update apple introduces spatial video capture on iphone 15 pro december 11, 2023 update apple launches journal app, a new app for reflecting on everyday moments december 11, 2023 quick read siri can now help users access and log their health app data december 11, 2023 quick read december 11, 2023 siri can now help users access and log their health app data watchos 10.2, ios 17.2, and ipados 17.2 are available today, allowing apple watch series 9 and apple watch ultra 2, iphone, and ipad1 users to conveniently access and log their health app data using siri. with the all-new s9 sip, apple’s most powerful watch chip yet, apple watch series 9 and apple watch ultra 2 can now process siri requests on device. on-device processing — also available on iphone and ipad — means users’ health app data never leaves their device to complete a siri request, helping protect user privacy. siri can answer requests related to over 20 health app data types stored on apple watch, iphone, and ipad. for example, users can now ask: “siri…” “how does my move ring look today?” “did i close my exercise ring?” “what’s my step count?” “how far have i walked this week?” “how far did i bike yesterday?” “what’s my heart rate?” “what’s my blood oxygen?” “how much did i sleep last night?” “how much have i slept this week?” “what’s my blood glucose level?”2 “what was my blood pressure yesterday?”2 users can also ask siri to log: “siri…” “i took my 8 a.m. medications.”3 “log that i took my multivitamin.”3 “i weigh 167 pounds.” “my period started today.” “log that i have spotting today.” “my blood sugar is 122.” “record my blood pressure as 118 over 76.” “log my body temperature as 98.3 degrees.” read about more ways to access and log health app data with siri throughout the user guides for apple watch series 9, apple watch ultra 2, iphone, and ipad. siri requests related to health app data are now available in english (united states) and mandarin chinese (china mainland), with more languages to follow. available on ipad pro 12.9-inch (3rd generation and later), ipad pro 11-inch (1st generation and later), ipad air (3rd generation and later), ipad mini (5th generation and later), and ipad (8th generation and later). requires a third-party monitor connected to the health app. users must set up a medications list in the health app to log this data. text of this article december 11, 2023 update siri can now help users access and log their health app data watchos 10.2, ios 17.2, and ipados 17.2 are available today, allowing apple watch series 9 and apple watch ultra 2, iphone, and ipad1 users to conveniently access and log their health app data using siri. with the all-new s9 sip, apple’s most powerful watch chip yet, apple watch series 9 and apple watch ultra 2 can now process siri requests on device. on-device processing — also available on iphone and ipad — means users’ health app data never leaves their device to complete a siri request, helping protect user privacy. siri can answer requests related to over 20 health app data types stored on apple watch, iphone, and ipad. for example, users can now ask: “siri…” “how does my move ring look today?” “did i close my exercise ring?” “what’s my step count?” “how far have i walked this week?” “how far did i bike yesterday?” “what’s my heart rate?” “what’s my blood oxygen?” “how much did i sleep last night?” “how much have i slept this week?” “what’s my blood glucose level?”2 “what was my blood pressure yesterday?”2 users can also ask siri to log: “siri…” “i took my 8 a.m. medications.”3 “log that i took my multivitamin.”3 “i weigh 167 pounds.” “my period started today.” “log that i have spotting today.” “my blood sugar is 122.” “record my blood pressure as 118 over 76.” “log my body temperature as 98.3 degrees.” read about more ways to access and log health app data with siri throughout the user guides for apple watch series 9, apple watch ultra 2, iphone, and ipad. siri requests related to health app data are now available in english (united states) and mandarin chinese (china mainland), with more languages to follow. available on ipad pro 12.9-inch (3rd generation and later), ipad pro 11-inch (1st generation and later), ipad air (3rd generation and later), ipad mini (5th generation and later), and ipad (8th generation and later). requires a third-party monitor connected to the health app. users must set up a medications list in the health app to log this data. copy text press contacts clare varellas apple cvarellas@apple.com zaina khachadourian apple zkhachadourian@apple.com apple media helpline media.help@apple.com update report: 2.6b records compromised by data breaches, underscoring need for e2ee december 7, 2023 update apple podcasts names wiser than me the 2023 show of the year december 5, 2023 update apple marks world aids day with (red) december 1, 2023 quick read apple announces expanded partnership with amkor for silicon packaging november 30, 2023 quick read november 30, 2023 apple announces expanded partnership with amkor for advanced silicon packaging in the u.s. today apple announced it will be the first and largest customer of the new amkor manufacturing and packaging facility being developed in peoria, arizona. amkor will package apple silicon produced at the nearby tsmc fab, where apple is also the largest customer. “apple is deeply committed to the future of american manufacturing, and we’ll continue to expand our investment here in the united states,” said jeff williams, apple’s chief operating officer. “apple silicon has unlocked new levels of performance for our users, enabling them to do things they could never do before, and we are thrilled that apple silicon will soon be produced and packaged in arizona.” apple and amkor have worked together for more than a decade, packaging chips used extensively in all apple products. with a shared desire to manufacture in the u.s., apple and amkor developed plans to build the largest outsourced advanced packaging facility in america. amkor will invest approximately $2 billion in the project, and upon completion, it will employ more than 2,000 people. apple’s investments in advanced manufacturing are part of the commitment the company made in 2021 to invest $430 billion in the u.s. economy over five years. today apple is on pace to meet its target through direct spend with american suppliers, data center investments, capital expenditures in the u.s., and other domestic spend. text of this article november 30, 2023 update apple announces expanded partnership with amkor for advanced silicon packaging in the u.s. today apple announced it will be the first and largest customer of the new amkor manufacturing and packaging facility being developed in peoria, arizona. amkor will package apple silicon produced at the nearby tsmc fab, where apple is also the largest customer. “apple is deeply committed to the future of american manufacturing, and we’ll continue to expand our investment here in the united states,” said jeff williams, apple’s chief operating officer. “apple silicon has unlocked new levels of performance for our users, enabling them to do things they could never do before, and we are thrilled that apple silicon will soon be produced and packaged in arizona.” apple and amkor have worked together for more than a decade, packaging chips used extensively in all apple products. with a shared desire to manufacture in the u.s., apple and amkor developed plans to build the largest outsourced advanced packaging facility in america. amkor will invest approximately $2 billion in the project, and upon completion, it will employ more than 2,000 people. apple’s investments in advanced manufacturing are part of the commitment the company made in 2021 to invest $430 billion in the u.s. economy over five years. today apple is on pace to meet its target through direct spend with american suppliers, data center investments, capital expenditures in the u.s., and other domestic spend. copy text press contacts nick leahy apple nleahy@apple.com apple media helpline media.help@apple.com apple stories the creators, developers, and innovators leaving the world better than they found it. accessibility assistiveware ushers in next generation of aac technology may 17, 2023 education houston educators nurture the next generation of hispanic leaders with apple october 4, 2023 environment a new generation preserves tribal land and culture in america’s national parks august 24, 2023 communities apple partnerships help californians access affordable housing and resources july 26, 2023 assistiveware brings next-gen aac tech to the app store apple’s community education initiative brings advanced technology to students. this summer, el capitan meadow is being restored by a group of indigenous youth. apple partnerships are helping californians access affordable housing. accessibility assistiveware ushers in next generation of aac technology may 17, 2023 education houston educators nurture the next generation of hispanic leaders with apple october 4, 2023 environment a new generation preserves tribal land and culture in america’s national parks august 24, 2023 communities apple partnerships help californians access affordable housing and resources july 26, 2023 view all more from newsroom press release apple unveils app store award winners, the best apps and games of 2023 november 29, 2023 update apple unveils the top books of 2023 and a new year in review experience november 28, 2023 quick read apple shares the most popular podcasts of 2023 november 28, 2023 quick read apple extends emergency sos via satellite for an additional free year november 15, 2023 update meet the 2023 app store award finalists november 14, 2023 photos new iphone photography exhibition debuts in paris on november 10 november 9, 2023 update taylor swift is apple music’s artist of the year for 2023 november 8, 2023 update apple’s swift student challenge to open in 2024 with new category november 8, 2023 view archive apple footer  apple newsroom shop and learn shop and learn + store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet + wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account + manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment + apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store + find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business + apple and business shop for business for education for education + apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare + apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government for government + shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values + accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple about apple + newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2023 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map