来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231234045/https://www.apple.com/mac/
================================================================================

mac - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatchvisionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ macbook air macbook pro new imac new mac mini mac studio mac pro comparemac models displays accessoriesfor mac sonoma shop mac get 3% daily cash back with apple card. and pay for your new mac over 12 months, interest‑free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.◊ learn more mac if you can dream it, mac can do it. get to know mac. getting started easy to use. easy to love. getting started easy to use. easy to love. familiar as iphone. you’ll feel right at home on mac, with many of the same apps as iphone — like messages, photos, notes, and facetime. fully loaded. get started with apps you’ll use every day, like mail, calendar, and safari for surfing the web. and if you want to create documents, spreadsheets, or presentations, there are powerful built-in productivity apps like pages, numbers, and keynote. simple setup. migration assistant makes it easy to transfer your data — including documents, photos, settings, and user accounts — from your previous mac or pc. performance and battery life go fast. go far. performance and battery life go fast. go far. supercharged by apple silicon. apple silicon brings game-changing power and speed to mac. it integrates the cpu, gpu, and neural engine onto a single power-efficient chip, accelerating everything you do. best-in-class battery life. thanks to the efficiency of apple silicon, mac laptops deliver exceptional battery life with incredible performance whether you’re plugged in or not. work smart. and fast. from designing a stunning presentation to making an epic spreadsheet, mac lets you get more done faster — whether you’re running to class or running a business. microsoft excel, zoom, microsoft powerpoint, calendar1 create at the speed of your imagination. from recording a podcast to editing your first feature film, you can do, make, and create in all-new ways with the speed and power of the ultracapable mac. garageband, adobe premiere pro, affinity photo 21 mac and iphone dream team. mac and iphone dream team. mac answers the call. you can answer calls or messages from your iphone directly on your mac. all the messages that appear on your iphone appear on your mac, too.2 shoot on iphone. see it on mac. use your iphone to take a picture or scan a document and have it automatically appear on your mac. start here. finish there. start an email on your iphone and finish it on your mac. with handoff, when your mac and iphone are near each other, you can seamlessly pass what you’re doing from one device to the other.3 compatibility mac runs your favorite apps. compatibility mac runs your favorite apps. the apps you love. right on your mac. from microsoft office to adobe creative cloud to zoom,1 all your go-to apps are superfast and snappy on mac. zoom, microsoft excel, adobe photoshop1 well connected. mac comes with all the ports you need to use your favorite accessories, like external displays, hard drives, cameras, and printers. privacy and security your business is nobody else’s. privacy and security your business is nobody else’s. you are your own password. touch id keeps all your passwords at the tip of your finger. so you can use it to unlock your mac, access passkeys, and make payments. touch id one app to find it all. if you can’t find your mac or other apple devices, the find my app makes it easy to pinpoint where they are. you can even play a sound to help you locate them. designed to help protect your privacy. mac gives you the freedom to choose what you share and how you share it, so you can use apps more securely, protect your data, and keep yourself safer on the web. durability built to stand the test of time. durability built to stand the test of time. super-duper durable. we design our products with durability in mind. made with recycled aluminum enclosures, mac computers are exceptionally well built and ready for pretty much anything. reliably up to date. our free macos updates deliver the latest features and help keep mac running smoothly and securely. apple values our values drive everything we do. apple values our values drive everything we do. for a better future. we’re transforming how we make, assemble, and recycle mac. we now use 100% recycled aluminum in the enclosures of mac mini, macbook air, and macbook pro. because the earth won’t wait. and neither will we. good for you. good for the planet. with apple trade in, you can get a great value for your current mac and apply it toward a new device. if your mac isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free.4 accessibility for all. with customizable display settings, personal voice, live captions, and more, mac has industry-leading built-in accessibility features that help you connect, create, and do what you love — in the ways that work best for you. a person with wavy black hair laughing. explore the lineup. compare all models laptops desktops displays macbook air 13” m1 chip available in space gray, silver, and rose gold the most affordable mac laptop to get things done on the go. * learn more buy 13.3” retina display with 400 nits of brightness delivers sharp and vibrant detail5 apple m1 chip up to 18 hours battery life6 3 ports 2x thunderbolt / usb 4, headphone jack 2.8 lb. weight macbook air 13” and 15” m2 chip available in midnight, starlight, space gray, and silver strikingly thin and fast so you can work, play, or create anywhere. * learn more buy 13.6” or 15.3” liquid retina display with 500 nits of brightness and support for 1 billion colors5 apple m2 chip up to 18 hours battery life7 4 ports 2x thunderbolt / usb 4, headphone jack, magsafe 2.7 lb. or 3.3 lb. weight new macbook pro 14” and 16” m3, m3 pro, or m3 max chip available in space black, silver, and space gray the most advanced mac laptops for demanding workflows. * learn more buy 14.2” or 16.2” liquid retina xdr display with 1000 nits of hdr and 600 nits of sdr brightness and up to 120hz refresh rates5 apple m3, m3 pro, or m3 max chip up to 22 hours battery life8 up to 7 ports 2x thunderbolt / usb 4 or 3x thunderbolt 4, hdmi, sdxc, headphone jack, magsafe 3.4 lb. or 4.7 lb. weight new imac m3 chip available in blue, green, pink, silver, yellow, orange, and purple a stunning all-in-one desktop for creativity and productivity. * learn more buy 24” 4.5k retina display with 500 nits of brightness delivers sharp and vibrant detail9 apple m3 chip — not available up to 6 ports 2x thunderbolt / usb 4, up to 2x usb 3, gigabit ethernet, headphone jack mac mini m2 or m2 pro chip the most affordable mac desktop with outsized performance. * learn more buy — not available apple m2 or m2 pro chip — not available up to 9 ports up to 4x thunderbolt 4, 2x usb‑a, hdmi, gigabit ethernet, headphone jack mac studio m2 max or m2 ultra chip powerful performance and extensive connectivity for pro workflows. * learn more buy — not available apple m2 max or m2 ultra chip — not available 12 ports up to 6x thunderbolt 4, 2x usb‑a, up to 2x usb‑c, hdmi, 10gb ethernet, sdxc, headphone jack mac pro m2 ultra chip a pro workstation with pcie expansion for demanding workflows. * learn more buy — not available apple m2 ultra chip pcie features seven expansion slots, six of which are pcle gen 4 18 ports 8x thunderbolt 4, 3x usb‑a, 2x hdmi, 2x 10gb ethernet, 2x serial ata, headphone jack studio display a 5k retina display with stellar camera and audio. * learn more buy 27” retina display with 5120 by 2880 pixels10 5k retina display for gorgeous color and spectacular detail 600 nits brightness for brilliant color 12mp ultra wide camera with center stage for more natural video calls true tone, anti-reflective coating, and a nano-texture glass option for optimal viewing in any light 4 ports thunderbolt 3 (usb‑c), 3x usb‑c pro display xdr an advanced 6k xdr display for pro workflows. * learn more buy 32” retina xdr display with 6016 by 3384 pixels10 6k retina xdr display for the most immersive viewing experience 1000 nits brightness for dazzling color; up to 1600 nits peak brightness — not available true tone, anti-reflective coating, and a nano-texture glass option for optimal viewing in any light 4 ports thunderbolt 3 (usb‑c), 3x usb‑c why apple is the bestplace to buy mac. shop mac pay over time, interest‑free. when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.◊ ways to buy apple card monthly installments pay for your new mac over time, interest‑free with apple card.◊ simply choose to check out with apple card monthly installments as your payment option when you make your purchase. and enjoy 3% daily cash back, all up front. terms apply. learn more about apple card monthly installments save with apple trade in. get credit toward your next mac when you trade in an eligible device.4 apple trade in trade in your eligible device for credit. just add a trade-in when you choose a new product. once your eligible device has been received and verified, we’ll credit the value to your payment method. or choose to check out with apple card monthly installments and we’ll apply the credit instantly. terms apply. learn more about apple trade in create the mac you always wanted. customize just about anything on your new mac. customize your mac build the mac that’s best for you. when you buy online at apple, you can customize your mac just the way you want. whether you need more memory or additional storage, you can tailor any new mac to suit your needs. shop mac get flexible delivery and easy pickup. choose two‑hour delivery from an apple store, free delivery, or easy pickup options. delivery and pickup flexible delivery and pickup options. get your new apple products quickly and easily with a handful of delivery and pickup options to choose from. two-hour delivery from an apple store enjoy fast courier delivery for an additional fee at checkout on eligible in-stock items in most metro areas. delivery time windows can be scheduled at checkout. convenient local pickup place your order online and pick it up at a local apple store. curbside pickup is also available at select locations — simply park your car and we’ll bring your order out to you. free next‑day delivery most of your favorite apple products are available for free next‑day delivery. learn more, delivery and pickup options shop with a specialist over video. choose your next mac in a guided, one-way video session. shop with a specialist over video join a video shopping session. need help finding the right mac for you? book a video shopping session and let a specialist guide you to your next device. book a one‑way video session other ways to shop with a specialist shop with a specialist online or at an apple store. american sign language interpreters are also available in stores and online through signtime, an on‑demand video service. shop with a specialist online contact us in american sign language reserve an in‑store shopping session get to know your new mac. learn how to get the most out of your new mac with a free one-on-one personal session. online personal session get to know your new mac. whether you’re new to your apple device or need a refresher on the latest features, schedule a free one-on-one session with a specialist to set up your mac and get it ready to use. we can show you how to get more from the products you love — and even share our favorite tips. learn more about your new mac explore a shopping experience designed around you. use the apple store app to get a more personal way to shop. apple store app shop in the apple store app, tailored specifically for you. get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your saves, and track your orders. plus, opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options, and store events. scan the qr code to get started. download the apple store app significant others. mac and iphone you can answer calls or messages from your iphone directly on your mac. copy images, video, or text on your iphone, then paste into another app on your nearby mac. with icloud, you can access your favorite files from either your iphone or your mac. and so much more. mac and ipad sketch on your ipad and have it appear instantly on your mac. or use your ipad as a second display, so you can work on one screen while you reference the other. you can even start a final cut pro project on your ipad and continue it on your mac. mac and apple watch automatically log in to your mac when you’re wearing your apple watch with auto unlock. no password typing required. mac essentials. all mac accessories mac accessories explore keyboards, mice, and other essentials. shop mac accessories studio display the 27-inch 5k retina display pairs beautifully with any mac. learn more mac explore mac explore all mac macbook air macbook pro imac mac mini mac studio mac pro displays compare mac mac does that shop mac shop mac mac accessories apple trade in financing more from mac mac support applecare+ for mac macos sonoma apps by apple continuity icloud+ mac for business education apple footer * monthly pricing is available when you select apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. financing terms vary by product. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product's purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for information about upcoming changes to acmi financing. ◊ apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the u.s. for eligible apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1‑800‑my‑apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. apr ranges may vary based on when you accepted an apple card. cardholders who accept an apple card on and/or after august 10, 2023: variable aprs for apple card, other than acmi, range from 19.24% to 29.49% based on creditworthiness. rates as of august 10, 2023. existing cardholders: see your customer agreement for applicable rates and fee. if you buy an acmi eligible product by choosing to pay in full with apple card (instead of using acmi), that purchase is subject to the apple card variable apr, not 0% apr. taxes and shipping on acmi purchases are subject to the variable apr, not 0% apr. you’ll need to select at&t, t‑mobile, or verizon as your carrier when you check out. an iphone purchased with acmi is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for information about upcoming changes to acmi financing. see the apple card customer agreement for more information about acmi financing. to access and use all apple card features and products available only to apple card users, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad that supports and has the latest version of ios or ipados. apple card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the united states, and issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about apple card. software and content may be sold separately. title availability is subject to change. sms requires an iphone or ipad with ios 8.1 or later or ipados. iphone calls require an iphone with ios 8 or later. handoff requires an iphone or ipad with ios 8 or later or ipados. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. screen size is measured diagonally. the displays on the 13‑inch and 15‑inch macbook air with m2 and the 14‑inch and 16-inch macbook pro have rounded corners at the top. when measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screens are 13.6 inches, 15.3 inches, 14.2 inches, and 16.2 inches diagonally (actual viewable area is less). testing conducted by apple in october 2020 using preproduction macbook air systems with apple m1 chip and 8‑core gpu, configured with 8gb of ram and 512gb ssd. the apple tv app movie playback test measures battery life by playing back hd 1080p content with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom. battery life varies by use and configuration. see apple.com/batteries for more information. testing conducted by apple in april and may 2023 using preproduction 15‑inch macbook air systems with apple m2, 8‑core cpu, 10‑core gpu, 8gb of ram, and 256gb ssd. the apple tv app movie playback test measures battery life by playing back hd 1080p content with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom. battery life varies by use and configuration. see apple.com/batteries for more information. testing conducted by apple in september and october 2023 using preproduction 16-inch macbook pro systems with apple m3 pro, 12-core cpu, 18-core gpu, 36gb of ram, and 512gb ssd. the apple tv app movie playback test measures battery life by playing back hd 1080p content with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom. battery life varies by use and configuration. see apple.com/batteries for more information. actual diagonal screen size is 23.5 inches. screen size is measured diagonally. some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. some features require an apple id, compatible hardware, and compatible internet access or cellular network; additional fees and terms may apply. some features require specific hardware and software. for more information, see “feature requirements” at support.apple.com/macos/upgrade. lies of p © neowiz. all rights reserved.  apple mac shop and learn shop and learn store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business apple and business shop for business for education for education apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government for government shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple about apple newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2023 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map