来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231234045/https://www.apple.com/apple-pay/
================================================================================

apple pay - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatchvisionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ apple pay local nav open menu local nav close menu overview apple pay later how-to videos add a card, apple pay. set up apple pay in seconds. learn how apple pay pay the apple way. add a card faster and easier than using cards or cash. pay in full or spread out payments over time. privacy and security built in. accepted on millions of websites and apps. it’s ready and set. just go. set up in seconds. right on your iphone. apple pay is built into iphone, apple watch, mac, and ipad. start by adding your credit or debit card to the wallet app on your iphone, and you’ll have the option to add it to your other devices in one easy step. when you want to pay, just double-click, tap, and you’re set. you still get all your card’s rewards and benefits — so you won’t miss out on any hard-earned points or miles. how to set up apple pay new pay over time with apple pay later.1 apple pay later allows you to split your purchase into four equal payments over six weeks with no interest, fees, or surprises.2 simply check out online and in apps with apple pay on your iphone or ipad, then select pay later. you’ll find out in moments if you’re approved — with no impact to your credit score.3 and you manage everything in wallet, with built-in tools to help support healthy spending habits. learn more about apple pay later use apple cash with apple pay. apple cash is a digital card that lives in wallet — it stores the cash you receive or want to send.4 you can send money right in wallet or messages — pay your squad for brunch or chip in for a coworker’s gift. you can also spend it in stores, in apps, or online with apple pay. learn more about apple cash how to send money easy. does it all. grab from the corner cafe. load up your app. order a new online. have delivered. subscribe to . get from a vending machine. and from the supermarket. just look for or when you check out. at stores and more. apple pay is accepted at over 85 percent of retailers in the u.s., so you can likely use it wherever and however you want. if you’re not sure, just ask. apple pay works anywhere that takes contactless payments — from vending machines and grocery stores to taxis and subway stations. how to pay in stores with iphone in apps and online. use apple pay for purchases in safari on your iphone, ipad, or mac. you can skip the lengthy checkout forms and pay with just a touch or a glance. or use apple pay to subscribe to services like apple music, apple news+, and apple tv+, buy apps and games on the app store, and upgrade your icloud storage. how to pay online using touch id safe and sound. and secure. personal data. protected. when you make a purchase, apple pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. so your card number is never stored on your device or on apple servers. and when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by apple with merchants. if you prefer not to share your email address with merchants when paying online, you can use hide my email to generate unique, random email addresses that automatically forward to your personal inbox. your purchases stay private. when you pay with a debit or credit card, apple pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. and when you use apple cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes. tap more. touch less. apple pay works right from your device, helping you avoid touching buttons and terminals, handling cards, and exchanging cash. every purchase requires face id, touch id, or a passcode — helping to keep your security in your hands. questions? answers. how do i use apple pay? you can use apple pay to make purchases in stores, on websites, and in apps. it’s widely accepted, simple, safe, secure, and private. learn how to use apple pay in stores how to pay online using touch id how to pay in store with iphone learn how to use apple pay on websites learn how to use apple pay in apps how secure is apple pay? apple pay is safer than using a physical credit, debit, or prepaid card. face id, touch id, or your passcode is required for purchases on your iphone, apple watch, mac, or ipad. your card number and identity aren’t shared with merchants, and your actual card numbers aren’t stored on your device or on apple servers. when you pay in stores, neither apple nor your device will send your actual card number to merchants. when you pay online in safari or in apps, the merchant will only receive information you authorize to fulfill your order — such as your name, email address, and billing and shipping addresses. when you pay with a debit or credit card, apple doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. and when you use apple cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes. learn more about apple pay security and privacy how do i set up apple pay? it’s simple. just add a credit, debit, or prepaid card to the wallet app on your iphone, then choose to add the card to any other apple devices you want to use with apple pay. it works on iphone, apple watch, mac, and ipad. if you upgrade to a new iphone, you can automatically transfer your cards to the new device in one easy step. add a card which banks support apple pay? apple pay works with major credit and debit cards from banks around the world, with more added all the time. you can see all the banks that support apple pay here. if your card does not yet support apple pay, contact your bank for more information. what is apple pay later? apple pay later is a payment option that allows you to shop now and pay in four smaller installments over six weeks, with no interest or fees.2 it’s available within apple pay for purchases you make in apps and online with iphone or ipad. you can manage all your apple pay later loans and payments in one organized place in wallet — no separate apps to download, no extra passwords to remember. does it cost extra to use apple pay? no. apple does not charge any fees when you pay with apple pay — in stores, online, or in apps. and apple doesn’t charge interest or fees when you use apple pay later. can i use apple pay abroad? apple pay works in countries and regions that support contactless payments. confirm with your bank, and ask about any fees they may charge for overseas usage. apple pay later is available only for eligible applicants when shopping at merchants located in the united states.1 how can my business accept apple pay? if your business already accepts credit and debit cards, simply contact your payment provider to start accepting apple pay. if you want to accept apple pay on your website or in your app, visit apple pay for developers. and apple pay later is part of apple pay — no integration or additional steps are required. does my business need any special equipment to accept apple pay? with tap to pay on iphone, you can use an iphone to accept contactless payments through an app supported by any of the participating payment service providers. no extra terminal or hardware is required.5 if you already have a payment terminal, contact your payment service provider to find out if it accepts contactless payments. how do i let my customers know i accept apple pay? download the apple pay mark to use within email, on your terminal screen, on your website, and in your app. you can also order apple pay decals to put on your storefront window and register. you can even get marketing materials for apple pay later, including a messaging widget and logos. download the decal and guidelines view online marketing guidelines order apple pay decals for your store add apple pay to your maps listing eligible merchants in the united states that accept apple pay online and in apps are automatically set up to accept apple pay later — no integration work required. for more details about the merchant experience, visit apple pay later for developers. what’s the difference between apple cash and apple pay? apple cash is a digital card in wallet that lets you send and receive money in messages or wallet. the money you receive appears on your apple cash card in wallet. you can spend it however you like in stores, online, and in apps with apple pay. apple pay enables you to make secure, contactless purchases using apple cash, apple card, and any other credit and debit cards that you add to wallet. more for your finances. wallet carry one thing.everything. learn more apple card the simplicity of apple. in a credit card. learn more apple cash send it. spend it. stash it. learn more set up apple pay on your apple device. iphone open the wallet app and tap to add a card. apple watch open the apple watch app on your iphone, tap wallet & apple pay, and then tap add card. ipad go to settings wallet & apple pay and tap add card. mac on models with touch id, go to system preferences wallet & apple pay and tap add card. for more information, visit the apple pay setup support page. apple footer subject to eligibility and approval. available only in the u.s. may not be available in all states. not available in u.s. territories. loans made by apple financing llc, nmls #2154940. ca loans made or arranged pursuant to a california financing law license. to use apple pay later, you must have an iphone or ipad updated to the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. for more eligibility details, see support.apple.com/en-us/ht212967. your bank may charge you fees if your debit card account contains insufficient funds to make loan repayments. after making apple pay later purchases, your apple pay later loan and payment history will soon be shared with credit bureaus. your credit score won’t be impacted when we start reporting to the credit bureaus, but may be impacted in the future. to learn more, visit support.apple.com/en-us/ht212971. apple cash services are provided by green dot bank, member fdic. learn more about the terms and conditions. only available in the u.s. on eligible devices. to send and receive money with an apple cash account, you must be 18 and a u.s. resident. if you’re under 18, your family organizer can set up apple cash for you as part of their apple cash family account. security checks may require more time to make funds available. apple cash family accounts can send or receive up to $2000 per transaction or within a seven-day period. sending money from wallet requires ios 15.5 or later. requires iphone xs or later with ios 15.5 or later. the contactless symbol is a trademark owned by and used with permission of emvco, llc. to use apple pay you need a supported card from a participating card issuer. to check if your card is compatible with apple pay, contact your card issuer. apple pay is not available in all markets. view apple pay countries and regions. features are subject to change. some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. some features require specific hardware and software. for more information, see feature availability. to access and use all apple card features and products available only to apple card users, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad that supports and has the latest version of ios or ipados. apple card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the united states, and issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch.  apple apple pay shop and learn shop and learn store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business apple and business shop for business for education for education apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government for government shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple about apple newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2023 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map