来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250522083432/https://www.apple.com/iphone/
================================================================================

iphone - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatch visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ iphone 16 pro iphone 16 iphone 16e iphone 15 compare airpods airtag accessories apple card ios 18 shop iphone now through june 18, get extra trade‑in credit toward a new iphone.* shop iphone iphone designed to be loved. get to know iphone. apple intelligence ai‑opening possibilities.1 apple intelligence ai-opening possibilities.1 now that’s smart. our latest iphone models are built for apple intelligence, the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. with groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even apple.1 find just the right words. writing tools can proofread your text and rewrite different versions until the tone is just right, and summarize selected text with a simple tap. they’re available nearly everywhere you write, including third-party apps. express yourself visually. make a genmoji right in the keyboard to match any conversation. want to create a rainbow cactus? you got it. just provide a description to see a preview. the start of a new era for siri. with an all-new design, richer language understanding, and expansive product knowledge about your devices, siri is more helpful than ever. siri can even tap into chatgpt to bring additional answers right to you. designed to protect your privacy at every step. with private cloud compute, apple intelligence can draw on larger, apple‑designed server‑based models, running on apple silicon, to handle more complex requests while protecting your privacy. cutting-edge cameras picture your best photos and videos. cutting-edge cameras picture your bestphotos and videos. stunning made simple. the advanced cameras in iphone automatically capture phenomenal photos with great detail and color. want to take the perfect shot in record time? iphone 16 and iphone 16 pro have camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access camera tools. keep on zoomin’. with a wide range of focal lengths, iphone gives you exceptional framing flexibility — from sharp close‑ups to sweeping ultra wide shots that let you capture more of a scene without stepping back. make movies like the movies. get artful depth effects when you film in cinematic mode. use action mode to steady shaky scenes as you shoot. boost the voices of the people in your video with audio mix. and with iphone 16 and iphone 16 pro, quickly access camera tools with camera control.2 chip and battery life fast that lasts. chip and battery life fast that lasts. supersmart, superspeedy apple silicon. iphone chips enhance everything you do. our latest chips unlock apple intelligence, power advanced photo features like latest‑generation photographic styles, and enable aaa gaming. long-lasting battery life? 100%. our hardware and software are designed to work together efficiently, so you can do more on a single charge — like watching up to 33 hours of video on iphone 16 pro max.3 made for 5g. iphone + 5g = a superfast experience.4 and when you don’t need all that speed, iphone shifts into smart data mode to preserve battery life. power. fully. fast. snap on a magsafe charger.5 or plug in a usb‑c power adapter. iphone 15 and later have usb‑c, so you can charge your iphone with the same cable as your mac and ipad.6 innovation beautiful and durable, by design. innovation beautiful and durable, by design. second to none. iphone is known for its iconic design and premium materials — like iphone 16 pro, which is forged in titanium. on the brilliant display, dynamic island bubbles up important info so you don’t miss a beat. last phone standing. iphone is protected by ceramic shield, which is tougher than any smartphone glass. little spill? no biggie — iphone also stands up to splashes from everyday liquids like water, coffee, and soda.7 ease of use. we design our hardware and software together for a seamless experience. want to share your contact info? hold your iphone close to theirs. new airpods? it’s a one‑tap setup. and regular ios updates keep your iphone feeling new for years to come. environment recycle. reuse. repeat. environment recycle. reuse. repeat. innovation in conservation. our disassembly robots — daisy, dave, and taz — recover crucial materials like gold, cobalt, tungsten, and rare earth elements from recycled iphone devices, so they can be used to make new ones. more recycled content? naturally. we’re significantly expanding the use of key recycled metals in iphone batteries, magnets, and circuit boards. case in point: our latest models contain 95 percent recycled lithium in the battery cathode — a first for apple.8 apple trade in. when you’re ready to buy a new iphone, you can trade in your current iphone or android device and apply any credit toward your purchase. if your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. planet-worthy packaging. for the first time, iphone packaging is 100 percent fiber based.9 and there’s no plastic wrap in or around the box. on track to carbon neutral. our stores, offices, and data centers are already carbon neutral. by 2030, apple will be carbon neutral across our entire carbon footprint. privacy your data. just where you want it. privacy your data. just where you want it. groundbreaking privacy protections. apple intelligence is integrated into your iphone through on-device processing. with private cloud compute, it can draw on larger, apple-designed server-based models, running on apple silicon, to handle more complex requests while protecting your privacy. sign in safely. the passwords app makes it easier to access account passwords, passkeys, wi‑fi passwords, and two‑factor authentication codes stored securely on your device or synced with icloud keychain. browse securely. private browsing in safari locks browsing windows when they’re not being used, blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to urls as you browse. share privately. all messages sent with imessage use end-to-end encryption between devices, so they’re only seen by those you send them to. and mail privacy protection hides your ip address, so senders can’t determine your location. pay the apple pay way. when you make a purchase with apple pay, your card numbers are never stored on your device or on apple servers — and they’re never shared by apple with merchants, either. customize your iphone make it you. through and through. customize your iphone make it you. through and through. customization on lock. home. and beyond. swap out your lock screen controls for ones you use more often — you can even assign a control to the action button. tint your home screen icons and widgets or let ios choose a color to match your wallpaper. iphone for all. built-in accessibility features help you do what you love in the ways that work best for you. for example, eye tracking lets you navigate iphone with just your eyes, thanks to the power of on-device machine learning and the front-facing camera. peace of mind helpful features. on and off the grid. peace of mind helpful features. on and off the grid. out of range. not out of reach. unique safety features allow iphone to connect to satellite frequencies — so you can send and receive messages via satellite, text emergency services, or get roadside assistance when you don’t have cell service or wi‑fi.10 everyday reassurance. with find my, you can securely share your location with friends and family. and in messages, you can use check in to automatically let someone know when you’ve reached your destination safely. getting started switching from android to iphone is simple. getting started switching from android to iphone is simple. transfer your data in a few easy steps. simply download the move to ios app on your android phone to securely transfer the stuff you care about most to your iphone — contacts, messages, whatsapp content, photos, videos, email accounts, favorite apps, call history, and more. learn more about the move to ios app continue your conversations with friends. messages lets you reply with a quick emoji, create memoji, and pay a friend for pizza. rcs (rich communication services) messaging brings richer media and delivery and read receipts for those who don’t use imessage. and you can keep your conversations going on apps such as whatsapp and wechat. everything just works. apple engineers design our hardware and software together for a totally seamless experience. want to connect your new airpods to your iphone? it’s a simple one‑tap setup. want to share photos or contacts with friends nearby? airdrop lists their names onscreen, so you can choose with a tap. help is just a call or chat away. there are lots of ways to reach someone if you have questions. call a specialist, chat with someone online, go into an apple store, or use the apple support app. and the tips app will help you get the most out of your iphone over time. designed to last iphone holds its value longer than other smartphones. designed to last iphone holds its value longer than other smartphones. last phone standing. iphone is built to withstand everyday wear and tear — and to resist spills and splashes.7 our newest models feature the latest‑generation ceramic shield, which is two times tougher than any smartphone glass. new now. and later. regular ios updates keep your iphone feeling new for years to come. just turn on automatic updates, and your iphone stays current with the latest features and security. extremely advanced chips. apple‑designed chips deliver exceptional performance you’ll notice in everything you do. they unlock apple intelligence, power advanced photo features like latest‑generation photographic styles, and enable aaa gaming. we also design the operating system, so everything works together in the most efficient way possible for great battery life. personalize your iphone make it you. through and through. personalize your iphone make it you. through and through. customize your home screen. rearrange and resize apps and widgets. place them along the bottom for quicker reach, or off to the side to frame a favorite wallpaper. tint your home screen icons and widgets — or let ios suggest a color that complements your wallpaper. lock in your favorite controls. swap out your lock screen controls for ones you love to use more often, or assign a control to the action button. control center. totally under control. customize how your controls are laid out, resize them, or build your own groups of controls so they’re always just a swipe away. apple intelligence ai‑opening possibilities.1 apple intelligence ai-opening possibilities.1 now that’s smart. our latest iphone models are built for apple intelligence, the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. with groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even apple.1 find just the right words. writing tools can proofread your text and rewrite different versions until the tone is just right, and summarize selected text with a simple tap. they’re available nearly everywhere you write, including third-party apps. express yourself visually. make a genmoji right in the keyboard to match any conversation. want to create a rainbow cactus? you got it. just provide a description to see a preview. a new era for siri. awareness of your personal context enables siri to help you in ways that are unique to you. can’t remember when your mom’s flight is arriving? siri can help find what you’re looking for, without compromising your privacy. designed to protect your privacy at every step. with private cloud compute, apple intelligence can draw on larger, apple‑designed server‑based models, running on apple silicon, to handle more complex requests while protecting your privacy. privacy your data. just where you want it. privacy your data. just where you want it. groundbreaking privacy protections. apple intelligence is integrated into your iphone through on-device processing. with private cloud compute, it can draw on larger, apple-designed server-based models, running on apple silicon, to handle more complex requests while protecting your privacy. sign in safely. the new passwords app makes it easier to access account passwords, passkeys, wi‑fi passwords, and two‑factor authentication codes stored securely on your device or synced with icloud keychain. browse securely. private browsing in safari locks browsing windows when they’re not being used, blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to urls as you browse. share privately. all messages sent with imessage use end-to-end encryption between devices, so they’re only seen by those you send them to. and mail privacy protection hides your ip address, so senders can’t determine your location. pay the apple pay way. when you make a purchase with apple pay, your card numbers are never stored on your device or on apple servers — and they’re never shared by apple with merchants, either. cutting-edge cameras picture your best photos and videos. cutting-edge cameras picture your bestphotos and videos. stunning made simple. the advanced cameras in iphone automatically capture phenomenal photos with great detail and color. want to take the perfect shot in record time? our latest models have camera control, giving you an easier way to quickly access camera tools. make movies like the movies. iphone records in hdr, so whether you use action mode to steady really shaky scenes as you shoot or capture striking slo‑mo shots in 4k 120 fps dolby vision on iphone 16 pro — every frame looks incredible. keep on zoomin’. with a wide range of focal lengths, iphone gives you exceptional framing flexibility — from sharp close‑ups to sweeping ultra wide shots that let you capture more of a scene without stepping back. environment recycle. reuse. repeat. environment recycle. reuse. repeat. innovation in conservation. our disassembly robots — daisy, dave, and taz — recover crucial materials like gold, cobalt, tungsten, and rare earth elements from recycled iphone devices, so they can be used to make new ones. more recycled content? naturally. we’re significantly expanding the use of key recycled metals in iphone batteries, magnets, and circuit boards. case in point: our latest models contain 95 percent recycled lithium in the battery cathode — a first for apple.8 apple trade in. when you’re ready to buy a new iphone, you can trade in your current android phone and apply any credit toward your purchase. if your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. planet-worthy packaging. for the first time, iphone packaging is 100 percent fiber based.9 and there’s no plastic wrap in or around the box. on track to carbon neutral. our stores, offices, and data centers are already carbon neutral. by 2030, apple will be carbon neutral across our entire carbon footprint. peace of mind helpful safety features. just in case. peace of mind helpful safety features. just in case. out of range. not out of reach. unique safety features allow iphone to connect to satellite frequencies — so you can send and receive messages via satellite, text emergency services, or get roadside assistance when you don’t have cell service or wi‑fi.10 everyday reassurance. with find my, you can securely share your location with friends and family. and in messages, you can use check in to automatically let someone know when you’ve reached your destination safely. switch to iphone. you have an android phone. but want an iphone. see how easy it is to switch. learn more about switching to iphone explore the lineup. compare all models iphones iphone 16 pro available in desert titanium, natural titanium, white titanium, and black titanium the ultimate iphone. ** learn more buy apple intelligence1 a18 pro chip with 6-core gpu camera control pro camera system our most advanced 48mp fusion camera 5x telephoto camera 48mp ultra wide camera visual intelligence, to learn about your surroundings11 up to 33 hours video playback3 iphone 16 available in ultramarine, teal, pink, white, and black a total powerhouse. ** learn more buy apple intelligence1 a18 chip with 5-core gpu camera control advanced dual-camera system 48mp fusion camera 2x telephoto 12mp ultra wide camera visual intelligence, to learn about your surroundings11 up to 27 hours video playback3 iphone 16e available in white, and black latest iphone. greatest price. ** learn more buy apple intelligence1 a18 chip with 4-core gpu — camera control not applicable 2‑in‑1 camera system 48mp fusion camera 2x telephoto — camera not applicable visual intelligence, to learn about your surroundings11 up to 26 hours video playback12 iphone 15 available in pink, yellow, green, blue, and black as amazing as ever. ** learn more buy — apple intelligence not applicable a16 bionic chip with 5-core gpu — camera control not applicable dual-camera system 48mp main camera 2x telephoto ultra wide camera — visual intelligence not applicable up to 26 hours video playback3 take a closer look. a guided tour of iphone 16 & iphone 16 pro watch the film why apple is the bestplace to buy iphone. shop iphone save with apple trade in.trade in your android phone for credit. and now through june 18, get extra trade‑in credit toward a new iphone.* apple trade in trade in your eligible deviceandroid phone for credit. just add a trade‑in when you choose a new product. once your android phone or eligible device has been received and verified, we’ll credit the value to your payment method. or choose to check out with apple card monthly installments and we’ll apply the credit instantly. terms apply. learn more about apple trade in pay over time, interest-free. when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.13 ways to buy apple card monthly installments. pay for your new iphone over time, interest‑free with apple card.13 simply choose to check out with apple card monthly installments as your payment option when you make your purchase. and enjoy 3% daily cash back, all up front. terms apply. learn more about apple card monthly installments apple. your one-stop shop for incredible carrier deals. get up to $1000 in credit on a new iphone with at&t, boost mobile, t‑mobile, or verizon. trade‑in may be required.14 get flexible delivery and easy pickup. choose two‑hour delivery from an apple store, free delivery, or easy pickup options. delivery and pickup flexible delivery and pickup options. get your new apple products quickly and easily with 2‑hour delivery from an apple store, free next‑day delivery, or convenient apple pickup options. learn more, delivery and pickup options shop live with a specialist. let us guide you live over video and answer all of your questions. guided video shopping shop live with a specialist. we can help you choose the product you need while guiding you through the online apple store. you won’t appear on camera. available 7 a.m. – 7 p.m. pt. shop together with a specialist join an online personal setup session. talk one on one with a specialist to set up your iphone and discover new features. personal setup jump into online, one‑on‑one sessions. when you buy your new iphone directly from apple, you’ll get access to personal setup. in these online sessions, a specialist can guide you through setup and data transfer or focus on features that help you make the most of your iphone. best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. learn more about your new iphone explore a shopping experience designed around you. use the apple store app to get a more personal way to shop. apple store app shop in the apple store app, tailored specifically for you. get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your saved items, and track your orders. opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options, and store events. scan the qr code to get started. download the apple store app iphone essentials. all iphone accessories iphone accessories explore colorful cases, usb‑c power adapters, magsafe accessories, and more. shop iphone accessories airtag attach one to your keys. put another in your backpack. if they’re misplaced, just use the find my app. buy significant others. iphone and mac with iphone mirroring, you can view your iphone screen on your mac and control it without picking up your phone. continuity features also let you answer calls or messages right from your mac. you can even copy images, video, or text from your iphone and paste it all into a different app on your mac. and with icloud, you can access your files from either device. iphone and apple watch misplaced your iphone? the latest apple watch models can show you its approximate distance and direction.15 to set up a group photo on your iphone, join the group and use apple watch as a viewfinder to snap the shot. and when you take a call on your apple watch, just tap your iphone to continue the conversation there. iphone and airpods set up airpods on iphone with just a tap. you’ll love adaptive audio, which automatically tailors the noise control for you to provide the best listening experience across different environments and interactions throughout the day. iphone apple footer * get extra trade‑in credit when you trade in an eligible iphone and purchase a new eligible apple device through june 18, 2025. additional terms from apple or apple’s trade‑in partners may apply.trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. ** pricing for iphone 16 and iphone 16 plus includes a $30 connectivity discount that requires activation with at&t, boost mobile, t‑mobile, or verizon. pricing shown for iphone 15 and iphone 15 plus includes a $30 connectivity discount for boost mobile, t‑mobile, and verizon customers that requires activation and would otherwise be $30 higher for all other customers. financing available to qualified customers, subject to credit approval and credit limit, and requires you to select citizens one apple iphone payments or apple card monthly installments (acmi) as your payment type at checkout at apple. you’ll need to select at&t, boost mobile, t‑mobile, or verizon as your carrier when you checkout. an iphone purchased with acmi is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. taxes and shipping on items purchased using acmi are subject to your card’s variable apr, not the acmi 0% apr. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. see the apple card customer agreement for more information about acmi. additional citizens one apple iphone payments terms are here. apple intelligence is available in beta on all iphone 16 models, iphone 15 pro, and iphone 15 pro max, with siri and device language set to chinese (simplified), english (australia, canada, india, ireland, new zealand, singapore, south africa, uk, or u.s.), french, german, italian, japanese, korean, portuguese (brazil), or spanish, as an ios 18 update, with more languages coming over the course of the year, including vietnamese. some features may not be available in all regions or languages. cinematic mode available on iphone 13 models, iphone 14 models, iphone 15 models, iphone 16, iphone 16 plus, iphone 16 pro, and iphone 16 pro max. action mode available on iphone 14 models, iphone 15 models, iphone 16, iphone 16 plus, iphone 16 pro, and iphone 16 pro max. audio mix available on iphone 16e, iphone 16, iphone 16 plus, iphone 16 pro, and iphone 16 pro max. battery life claim refers to larger models. all battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. see apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/battery.html for more information. data plan required. 5g is available in select markets and through select carriers. speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. for details on 5g support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/iphone/cellular. accessories sold separately. the included usb-c charge cable is compatible with airpods pro (2nd generation) with magsafe charging case (usb-c). iphone 16 models are splash, water, and dust resistant and were tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of ip68 under iec standard 60529 (maximum depth of 6 meters up to 30 minutes). splash, water, and dust resistance are not permanent conditions. resistance might decrease as a result of normal wear. do not attempt to charge a wet iphone; refer to the user guide for cleaning and drying instructions. liquid damage not covered under warranty. on a mass balance allocation. responsible sourcing of wood fiber is defined in apple’s responsible fiber specification. we consider wood fibers to include bamboo. roadside assistance, emergency sos, and messages via satellite are included for free for two years with the activation of any iphone 14 or later model. connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions, and other factors. messages via satellite requires a carrier plan. sms messaging via satellite is available on supported carriers. sms message rates may apply. see support.apple.com/kb/ht213885 for more information. visual intelligence is available in ios 18.2 or later on iphone 16, iphone 16 plus, iphone 16 pro, and iphone 16 pro max; ios 18.3 or later on iphone 16e; and ios 18.4 or later on iphone 15 pro and iphone 15 pro max. apple intelligence must be on to use visual intelligence. all battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. see apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/battery.html for more information. apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the u.s. for eligible products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1‑800‑my‑apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see support.apple.com/102730 for more information about eligible products. existing customers: see your customer agreement for your variable apr. as of january 1, 2025, the variable apr on new apple card accounts ranges from 18.24% to 28.49%. you must elect to use acmi at checkout. if you buy an acmi‑eligible product with a one-time payment on apple card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your apple card’s variable apr, not the acmi 0% apr. taxes and shipping on items purchased using acmi are subject to your apple card’s variable apr, not the acmi 0% apr. in order to buy an iphone with acmi, you must select one of the following carriers: at&t, boost mobile, t‑mobile, or verizon. an iphone purchased with acmi is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government and veterans and military purchase programs; or on refurbished devices. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. see the apple card customer agreement for more information about acmi. to access and use all apple card features and products available only to apple card users, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad that supports and has the latest version of ios or ipados. apple card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the united states, and issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch.apple payments services llc, a subsidiary of apple inc., is a service provider of goldman sachs bank usa for apple card and savings accounts. neither apple inc. nor apple payments services llc is a bank.if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about apple card. at&t iphone 16 special deal: monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of at&t trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus, and trade-in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 16 pro or iphone 16 pro max of either $1000, $830, or $350 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone). receive credit with purchase of an iphone 16 or iphone 16 plus, of either $800, or $350 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone). max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. requires upgrade of an existing line or activation of a new line and purchase of a new iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus, on qualifying 36 month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. customers purchasing this offer through apple cannot add the next up anytime option. $0 down for well qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. requires activation on eligible at&t unlimited plan. at&t may temporarily slow data speeds if the network is busy. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. trade in device may not be on existing installment plan. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36 month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catchup credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited time offer; subject to change. limits: one trade-in per qualifying purchase and one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. price for iphone 16 and iphone 16 plus includes $30 at&t connectivity discount. activation required. boost mobile iphone 16 special deal: buy an iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus and get $1000 in bill credits (not to exceed the cost of the iphone) applied over 36 months. no trade-in required. if you are trading in a device with this deal, trade-in value will be applied as additional bill credits over 36 months. monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of $1000 in bill credit (not to exceed the cost of the iphone purchased) and trade-in credit (if applicable) applied over 36 months respectively. requires activation of a new line, boost mobile infinite access plan and purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. after making 12 installment payments, you may upgrade to a new iphone and get up to $1000 in bill credits (not to exceed the cost of the iphone) applied over 36 months for the new iphone on the infinite access plan and purchase on new qualifying 36-month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. trade-in credits start within 3 bills. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited-time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combined with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. price for iphone 16 and iphone 16 plus includes $30 boost mobile connectivity discount. activation required. t‑mobile iphone 16 special deal: monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus and trade-in of eligible smartphone. existing customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $1000, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $300 or $150 for customers on a go5g, magenta, magenta max, or essentials plan ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be an existing t‑mobile customer. add-a-line customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $1000, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on an essentials, magenta/max or go5g plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on an essentials 55 choice, magenta/max, or go5g 55, military, or first responder plan ($45+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be a t‑mobile customer adding a new line to an existing t‑mobile account. new customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $1000, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on an essentials or go5g plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable; or $600 or $300 for customers on an essentials 55 choice, or go5g 55, military, or first responder plan ($45+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be a new t‑mobile customer. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t-mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade-in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in (e.g., iphone 15 pro max) in good condition required. max 4 promotions on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers, discounts, or promotions. activation required. contact t‑mobile before cancelling entire account to continue remaining bill credits, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due. bill credits end if you pay off early. verizon iphone 16 special deal: monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus. existing customers: customers on an unlimited ultimate plan, unlimited plus plan, or unlimited welcome plan (min. $65/mo w/auto pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos) receive: $1000 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) with purchase of an iphone 16 pro or iphone 16 pro max; $930 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) with purchase of an iphone 16 plus; or $830 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) with purchase of an iphone 16. must be an existing verizon customer. new or add-a-line customers: customers on an unlimited ultimate plan, unlimited plus plan, or unlimited welcome plan (min. $65/mo w/auto pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos) receive: $1000 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) with purchase of an iphone 16 pro or iphone 16 pro max; $930 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) with purchase of an iphone 16 plus; or $830 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) with purchase of an iphone 16. must be a new verizon customer or adding a new line to an existing verizon account. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1-2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 16 pro, iphone 16 pro max, iphone 16, or iphone 16 plus with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade-in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade-in. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in-store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited-time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple's trade-in partners may apply. price for iphone 16 and iphone 16 plus includes $30 verizon connectivity discount. activation required. at&t iphone 16e special deal: buy an iphone 16e 128 gb and get $383.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 16e 256 gb and get $303.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 16e 512 gb and get $323.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. requires activation on eligible at&t unlimited plan. at&t may temporarily slow data speeds if the network is busy. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch-up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited-time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. t‑mobile iphone 16e special deal: monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 16e and trade-in of eligible smartphone. existing customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 16e (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $899, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $300 or $150 for customers on a go5g, magenta, magenta max, or essentials plan ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be an existing t‑mobile customer. add-a-line customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 16e (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $899, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on an essentials, magenta/max or go5g plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on an essentials 55 choice, magenta/max, or go5g 55, military, or first responder plan ($45+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be a t‑mobile customer adding a new line to an existing t‑mobile account. new customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 16e (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $899, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on an essentials or go5g plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable; or $600 or $300 for customers on an essentials 55 choice, or go5g 55, military, or first responder plan ($45+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be a new t‑mobile customer. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t‑mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade-in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in (e.g., iphone 15 pro max) in good condition required. max 4 promotions on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers, discounts, or promotions. activation required. contact t‑mobile before cancelling entire account to continue remaining bill credits, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due. bill credits end if you pay off early. verizon iphone 16e special deal: monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 16e. existing customers: customers on an unlimited ultimate plan, unlimited plus plan, or unlimited welcome plan (min. $65/mo w/auto pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos) receive $600 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) with purchase of an iphone 16e. must be an existing verizon customer. new or add-a-line customers: customers on an unlimited ultimate plan, unlimited plus plan, or unlimited welcome plan (min. $65/mo w/auto pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos) receive $600 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) with purchase of a iphone 16e. must be a new verizon customer or adding a new line to an existing verizon account. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1-2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 16e with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade-in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade-in. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in-store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited-time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple's trade-in partners may apply. activation required. at&t iphone 15 special deal: buy an iphone 15 128 gb and get $441.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 15 256 gb and get $361.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 15 512 gb and get $381.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. requires activation on eligible at&t unlimited plan. at&t may temporarily slow data speeds if the network is busy. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch-up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited-time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. t‑mobile iphone 15 special deal: monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 15 or iphone 15 plus and trade-in of eligible smartphone. existing customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 15 or iphone 15 plus (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $1000, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $300 or $150 for customers on a go5g, magenta, magenta max, or essentials plan ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be an existing t‑mobile customer. add-a-line customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 15 or iphone 15 plus (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $1000, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on an essentials, magenta/max or go5g plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on an essentials 55 choice, magenta/max, or go5g 55, military, or first responder plan ($45+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be a t‑mobile customer. adding a new line to an existing t‑mobile account. new customers: receive credit with purchase of an iphone 15 or iphone 15 plus(based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) of $1000, $800, or $400 for customers on a go5g next plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a go5g next 55, military, or first responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a go5g plus 55, military, or first responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on an essentials or go5g plan (excluding 55, military, first responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable; or $600 or $300 for customers on an essentials 55 choice, or go5g 55, military, or first responder plan ($45+/mo. plan after autopay discount if applicable). must be a new t‑mobile customer. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t‑mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade-in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in (e.g., iphone 15 pro max) in good condition required. max 4 promotions on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers, discounts, or promotions. activation required. contact t‑mobile before cancelling entire account to continue remaining bill credits, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due. bill credits end if you pay off early. requires an iphone and apple watch with second-generation ultra wideband chip. ultra wideband availability varies by region. honor of kings: world coming at a later date. to use apple pay you need a supported card from a participating card issuer. to check if your card is compatible with apple pay, contact your card issuer. apple pay is not available in all markets. view apple pay countries and regions. features are subject to change. some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages and may require specific hardware and software. for more information, see feature availability. apple pay is a service provided by apple payments services llc, a subsidiary of apple inc. neither apple inc. nor apple payments services llc is a bank. any card used in apple pay is offered by the card issuer.  apple iphone shop and learn shop and learn store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account manage your apple account apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store find a store genius bar today at apple group reservations apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business apple and business shop for business for education for education apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare apple in healthcare mac in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone and ipad for government for government shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supply chain about apple about apple newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple (1-800-692-7753). united states copyright © 2025 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map