来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250522083432/https://www.apple.com/mac/
================================================================================

mac - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatch visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ macbook air new macbook pro imac mac mini mac studio new mac pro help me choosea mac comparemac models displays accessoriesfor mac sequoia shop mac buy mac with education savings.* shop mac if you can dream it, mac can do it. get to know mac. apple intelligence and macos easy to use. easy to love. apple intelligence and macos easy to use. easy to love. built for apple intelligence. apple intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. with groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even apple.1 familiar as iphone. you’ll feel right at home on mac, with many of the same apps as iphone — like messages, photos, notes, and facetime. fully loaded. get started with apps you’ll use every day, like mail, calendar, and safari for surfing the web. and if you want to create documents, spreadsheets, or presentations, there are powerful built-in productivity apps like pages, numbers, and keynote. simple setup. migration assistant makes it easy to transfer your data — including documents, photos, settings, and user accounts — from your previous mac or pc. performance and battery life go fast. go far. performance and battery life go fast. go far. supercharged by apple silicon. apple silicon brings game-changing power and speed to mac. it integrates the cpu, gpu, and neural engine onto a single power-efficient chip, accelerating everything you do. and it makes it possible for the incredible ai performance on mac to boost your creativity and productivity. adobe lightroom, touch designer, cinema 4d, assassin’s creed shadows, adobe photoshop2 seize the day on a single charge. thanks to the efficiency of apple silicon, mac laptops deliver up to 24 hours of battery life with incredible performance whether you’re plugged in or not.3 work smart. and fast. from designing a stunning presentation to making an epic spreadsheet, mac lets you get more done faster — whether you’re running to class or running a business. microsoft excel, zoom, microsoft powerpoint, calendar2 create at the speed of your imagination. from recording a podcast to editing your first feature film, you can do, make, and create in all-new ways with the speed and power of the ultracapable mac. garageband, adobe premiere pro, affinity photo 22 mac and iphone dream team. mac and iphone dream team. use your iphone from your mac. with iphone mirroring, you can see and use what’s on your iphone from your mac — without having to reach for it.4 finder, unfold2 mac answers the call. you can answer calls or messages from your iphone directly on your mac. and all the messages that appear on your iphone appear on your mac, too.5 capture on iphone. see it on mac. use your iphone to take a picture, record video, or scan a document and have it automatically appear on your mac. start here. finish there. start an email on your iphone and finish it on your mac. with handoff, when your mac and iphone are near each other, you can seamlessly pass what you’re doing from one device to the other.6 compatibility mac runs your favorite apps. compatibility mac runs your favorite apps. the apps you love. right on your mac. from microsoft 365 to adobe creative cloud to zoom,2 all your go-to apps are superfast and snappy on mac. zoom, microsoft excel, adobe photoshop2 well connected. mac comes with all the ports you need to use your favorite accessories, like external displays, hard drives, cameras, and printers. privacy and security your business is nobody else’s. privacy and security your business is nobody else’s. designed to protect your privacy. mac gives you the freedom to choose what you share and how you share it, so you can use apps more securely, protect your data, and keep yourself safer on the web. with groundbreaking privacy protections, apple intelligence gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even apple. and with private cloud compute, your data is never stored and is used only for your requests. advanced security comes standard on mac. by integrating mac with apple silicon and macos, apple builds security protections into mac from the ground up. every mac comes with industry-leading encryption and robust virus protections. and automatic free security updates help keep your mac protected. unlock it all with the touch of your finger. touch id keeps all your passwords at the touch of your finger. so you can use it to unlock your mac, access passkeys, make payments, and sign in to apps and sites. touch id one app to find it all. if you can’t find your mac or other apple devices, the find my app makes it easy to pinpoint where they are. if your device ever falls into the wrong hands, you can use find my to lock it down or erase it from afar. durability built to stand the test of time. durability built to stand the test of time. designed with durability in mind. made with recycled aluminum enclosures, mac computers are exceptionally well built and ready for pretty much anything. reliably up to date. macos updates deliver the latest features and help keep mac — and the apps you rely on — running smoothly and securely. and macos updates are free and can even be set to download automatically. apple values our values drive everything we do. apple values our values drive everything we do. for a better future. we’re transforming how we make, assemble, and recycle mac. we use 100% recycled aluminum in the enclosures of mac mini, macbook air, and macbook pro. macbook air contains over 50% recycled content. and the new mac mini is our first carbon neutral mac.7 because the earth won’t wait. and neither will we. good for you. good for the planet. with apple trade in, you can get a great value for your current device and apply it toward a new one. if your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free.8 accessibility for all. with customizable display settings, voiceover, personal voice, live captions, vocal shortcuts, and more, mac has industry-leading built-in accessibility features that help you connect, create, and do what you love — in the ways that work best for you. a person with wavy black hair laughing. help me choose. answer a few questions to find the best mac for you. get started explore the lineup. help me choose the best mac compare all models laptops desktops displays new macbook air 13” and 15” m4 chip available in sky blue, silver, starlight, and midnight strikingly thin and fast so you can work, play, or create anywhere. ** learn more buy 13.6” or 15.3” liquid retina display with 500 nits of brightness and support for 1 billion colors9 apple m4 chip apple intelligence1 up to 18 hours battery life10 4 ports 2x thunderbolt 4 (usb‑c), headphone jack, magsafe 2.7 lb. or 3.3 lb. weight11 macbook pro 14” and 16” m4, m4 pro, or m4 max chip available in space black, and silver the most advanced mac laptops for demanding workflows. ** learn more buy 14.2” or 16.2” liquid retina xdr display with up to 1600 nits peak brightness, 1,000,000:1 contrast ratio, and up to 120hz refresh rates9 apple m4, m4 pro, or m4 max chip apple intelligence1 up to 24 hours battery life3 7 ports 3x thunderbolt 4 (usb‑c) or 3x thunderbolt 5 (usb‑c), hdmi, sdxc, headphone jack, magsafe 3.4 lb. or 4.7 lb. weight11 imac m4 chip available in blue, purple, pink, orange, yellow, green, and silver a stunning all-in-one desktop for creativity and productivity. ** learn more buy 24” 4.5k retina display with 500 nits of brightness delivers sharp and vibrant detail.12 apple m4 chip apple intelligence1 — not applicable up to 6 ports 2x thunderbolt / usb 4 or 4x thunderbolt 4, gigabit ethernet, headphone jack mac mini m4 or m4 pro chip the mini-est, most affordable mac with mighty performance. ** learn more buy — not applicable apple m4 or m4 pro chip apple intelligence1 — not applicable 8 ports 3x thunderbolt 4 or 3x thunderbolt 5, 2x usb‑c, hdmi, gigabit ethernet, headphone jack new mac studio m4 max or m3 ultra chip powerful performance and extensive connectivity for pro workflows. ** learn more buy — not applicable apple m4 max or m3 ultra chip apple intelligence1 — not applicable 12 ports 4x or 6x thunderbolt 5 (usb‑c), 2x usb‑a, up to 2x usb‑c, hdmi, 10gb ethernet, sdxc, headphone jack mac pro m2 ultra chip a pro workstation with pcie expansion for demanding workflows. ** learn more buy — not applicable apple m2 ultra chip apple intelligence1 pcie features seven expansion slots, six of which are pcie gen 4 18 ports 8x thunderbolt 4, 3x usb‑a, 2x hdmi, 2x 10gb ethernet, 2x serial ata, headphone jack studio display a 5k retina display with stellar camera and audio. ** learn more buy 27” retina display with 5120 by 2880 pixels13 5k retina display for gorgeous color and spectacular detail 600 nits brightness for brilliant color 12mp ultra wide camera with center stage for more natural video calls true tone, anti-reflective coating, and a nano-texture glass option for optimal viewing in any light 4 ports thunderbolt 3 (usb‑c), 3x usb‑c pro display xdr an advanced 6k xdr display for pro workflows. ** learn more buy 32” retina xdr display with 6016 by 3384 pixels13 6k retina xdr display for the most immersive viewing experience 1000 nits brightness for dazzling color; up to 1600 nits peak brightness — not applicable true tone, anti-reflective coating, and a nano-texture glass option for optimal viewing in any light 4 ports thunderbolt 3 (usb‑c), 3x usb‑c switch to mac. give us the old. save on the new. with apple trade in, you can get a great value for your current device and apply it toward a new one. if your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free.8 see what your device is worth mac does that. see how easy it is to switch to mac. learn more why apple is the bestplace to buy mac. shop mac pay over time, interest‑free. when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.◊ ways to buy apple card monthly installments pay for your new mac over time, interest‑free with apple card.◊ simply choose to check out with apple card monthly installments as your payment option when you make your purchase. and enjoy 3% daily cash back, all up front. terms apply. learn more about apple card monthly installments save with apple trade in. get credit toward your next mac when you trade in an eligible device.8 apple trade in trade in your eligible device for credit. just add a trade-in when you choose a new product. once your eligible device has been received and verified, we’ll credit the value to your payment method. or choose to check out with apple card monthly installments and we’ll apply the credit instantly. terms apply. learn more about apple trade in save with education pricing. students and educators can save exclusively through the apple store.* education pricing save on a new mac. students and educators can save on mac with education pricing. learn more about education pricing customize your mac. choose your chip, memory, storage, even color. customize your mac choose your chip, memory, storage, even color. build the mac that’s best for you. when you buy online at apple, you can customize your mac just the way you want. whether you need an extra-powerful chip, more memory, or additional storage, you can tailor any new mac to suit your needs. shop mac get flexible delivery and easy pickup. choose from two‑hour delivery from an apple store, free delivery, or easy pickup options. delivery and pickup flexible delivery and pickup options. get your new apple products quickly and easily with two‑hour delivery from an apple store, free next‑day delivery, or convenient apple pickup options. learn more, delivery and pickup options shop live with a specialist. let us guide you live over video and answer all of your questions. guided video shopping shop live with a specialist. we can help you choose the product you need while guiding you through the online apple store. you won’t appear on camera. available 7 a.m.–7 p.m. pt. shop together with a specialist join an online personal setup session. talk one on one with a specialist to set up your mac and discover new features. personal setup jump into online, one‑on‑one sessions. when you buy your new mac directly from apple, you’ll get access to personal setup. in these online sessions, a specialist can guide you through setup and data transfer or focus on features that help you make the most of your mac. best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. learn more about your new mac explore a shopping experience designed around you. use the apple store app to get a more personal way to shop. apple store app shop in the apple store app, tailored specifically for you. get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your saved items, and track your orders. plus, opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options, and store events. scan the qr code to get started. download the apple store app significant others. mac and iphone answer calls or messages from your iphone directly on your mac. see and control what’s on your iphone from your mac with iphone mirroring. use universal clipboard to copy images, video, or text from your iphone, then paste into another app on your nearby mac. and thanks to icloud, you can access your files from either your iphone or your mac. and so much more. mac and ipad sketch on your ipad and have it appear instantly on your mac. or use your ipad as a second display, so you can work on one screen while you reference the other. you can even start a final cut pro project on your ipad and continue it on your mac. mac and apple watch automatically log in to your mac when you’re wearing your apple watch with auto unlock. no password typing required. mac essentials. all mac accessories mac accessories explore keyboards, mice, and other essentials. shop mac accessories studio display the 27-inch 5k retina display pairs beautifully with any mac. learn more mac apple footer * education pricing is available to current and newly accepted college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff, and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. for more information, visit apple.com/us-edu/store ** monthly pricing is available when you select apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. financing terms vary by product. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product's purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for information about upcoming changes to acmi financing. ◊ apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the u.s. for eligible products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1‑800‑my‑apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see support.apple.com/102730 for more information about eligible products. existing customers: see your customer agreement for your variable apr. as of january 1, 2025, the variable apr on new apple card accounts ranges from 18.24% to 28.49%. you must elect to use acmi at checkout. if you buy an acmi‑eligible product with a one-time payment on apple card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your apple card’s variable apr, not the acmi 0% apr. taxes and shipping on items purchased using acmi are subject to your apple card’s variable apr, not the acmi 0% apr. in order to buy an iphone with acmi, you must select one of the following carriers: at&t, boost mobile, t‑mobile, or verizon. an iphone purchased with acmi is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government and veterans and military purchase programs; or on refurbished devices. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. see the apple card customer agreement for more information about acmi. to access and use all apple card features and products available only to apple card users, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad that supports and has the latest version of ios or ipados. apple card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the united states, and issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch.apple payments services llc, a subsidiary of apple inc., is a service provider of goldman sachs bank usa for apple card and savings accounts. neither apple inc. nor apple payments services llc is a bank.if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about apple card. apple intelligence is available in beta on all mac models with m1 and later, with siri and device language set to chinese (simplified), english (australia, canada, india, ireland, new zealand, singapore, south africa, uk, or u.s.), french, german, italian, japanese, korean, portuguese (brazil), or spanish, as a macos sequoia update, with more languages coming over the course of the year, including vietnamese. some features may not be available in all regions or languages. software and content may be sold separately. title availability is subject to change. testing conducted by apple august through october 2024 using preproduction 16-inch macbook pro systems with apple m4 pro, 14‑core cpu, 20‑core gpu, 48gb of ram, and 512gb ssd. wireless web battery life tested by browsing 25 popular websites while connected to wi-fi. video streaming battery life tested with 1080p content in safari while connected to wi-fi. all systems tested with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom and keyboard backlight off. battery life varies by use and configuration. see apple.com/batteries for more information. available on mac computers with apple silicon and intel-based mac computers with a t2 security chip. requires that your iphone and mac are signed in with the same apple account using two-factor authentication, your iphone and mac are near each other and have bluetooth and wi-fi turned on, and your mac is not using airplay or sidecar. some iphone features (e.g., camera and microphone) are not compatible with iphone mirroring. sms requires an iphone or ipad with ios 8.1 or later or ipados. iphone calls require an iphone with ios 8 or later. handoff requires an iphone or ipad with ios 8 or later or ipados. learn more at apple.com/2030. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. screen size is measured diagonally. the displays on the 13‑inch and 15‑inch macbook air and the 14‑inch and 16‑inch macbook pro have rounded corners at the top. when measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screens are 13.6 inches, 15.3 inches, 14.2 inches, and 16.2 inches diagonally (actual viewable area is less). testing conducted by apple in january 2025 using preproduction 13‑inch macbook air systems with apple m4, 10‑core cpu, and 8‑core gpu, and preproduction 15‑inch macbook air systems with apple m4, 10‑core cpu, and 10‑core gpu, all configured with 16gb of ram and 256gb ssd. wireless web battery life tested by browsing 25 popular websites while connected to wi-fi. video streaming battery life tested with 1080p content in safari while connected to wi-fi. all systems tested with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom and keyboard backlight off. battery life varies by use and configuration. see apple.com/batteries for more information. weight varies by configuration and manufacturing process. actual diagonal screen size is 23.5 inches. screen size is measured diagonally. some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. some features require an apple account, compatible hardware, and compatible internet access or cellular network; additional fees and terms may apply. some features require specific hardware and software. for more information, see “feature requirements” at support.apple.com/macos/upgrade. stellarium image of the m31 galaxy by lee, ang (hg731gz). creative commons attribution license 3.0.  apple mac shop and learn shop and learn store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account manage your apple account apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store find a store genius bar today at apple group reservations apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business apple and business shop for business for education for education apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare apple in healthcare mac in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone and ipad for government for government shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supply chain about apple about apple newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple (1-800-692-7753). united states copyright © 2025 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map