来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250522083432/https://www.apple.com/airpods/
================================================================================

airpods - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatch visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ airpods airpods pro airpods max compare apple music airpods airpods pro 2 now feature a scientifically validated hearing test and clinical‑grade hearing aid capability.1  learn more airpods 4 the next evolution of sound and comfort. learn more buy airpods pro 2 the world’s first end-to-end hearing health experience.2 features available with a free software update. learn more buy airpods max airpods max five fresh colors. bold sound. learn more buy † which airpods areright for you? airpods 4 the next evolution of sound and comfort. buy learn more view in ar —active noise cancellation, adaptive audio, and transparency mode unavailable personalized spatial audio with dynamic head tracking ◊◊◊ —hearing test, hearing aid feature, and hearing protection unavailable voice isolation, δδδ hey siri,and siri interactions δδδ charging case (usb‑c) δδδδ airpods 4 active noise cancellation the next evolution of sound, comfort, and noise control. buy learn more view in ar active noise cancellation, adaptive audio, and transparency mode ◊ personalized spatial audio with dynamic head tracking ◊◊◊ —hearing test, hearing aid feature, and hearing protection unavailable voice isolation, δδδ hey siri,and siri interactions δδδ wireless charging case (usb‑c) δδδδ with speaker for find my airpods pro 2 pro-level active noise cancellation and a breakthrough in hearing health. buy learn more view in ar up to 2x more active noise cancellation, ◊◊ with adaptive audio and transparency mode ◊ personalized spatial audio with dynamic head tracking ◊◊◊ hearing test, δ hearing aid, δ and hearing protection δδ features voice isolation, δδδ hey siri,and siri interactions δδδ wireless charging case (usb‑c) with magsafe, δδδδ speaker for find my with precision finding, δδδδδ and lanyard loop airpods max the ultimate over‑ear listening experience. buy learn more view in ar up to 2x more active noise cancellation, ◊◊ with transparency mode personalized spatial audio with dynamic head tracking ◊◊◊ —hearing test, hearing aid feature, and hearing protection unavailable hey siri smart case compare all airpods models get to know airpods. active noise cancellation control what you hear. and what you don’t. read more about active noise cancellation active noise cancellation active noise cancellation reduces unwanted sounds so you can immerse yourself in what you’re listening to or simply stay focused. and transparency mode lets you comfortably hear the world around you. personalized spatial audio immersive sound. fine‑tuned to you. read more about personalized spatial audio personalized spatial audio personalized spatial audio3 brings you 3d sound suited to your specific ear shape for a theater-like experience that surrounds you with sound. hearing health check, aid, and help protect your hearing.1 read more about hearing health hearing health airpods pro 2 unlock the world’s first end-to-end hearing health experience: a scientifically validated hearing test,1 a clinical-grade hearing aid,1 and active hearing protection4 — available now with a free software update. feature availability varies by region. view complete list siri your always-on intelligent assistant.5 hey siri, play something upbeat. read more about siri siri control your audio, get directions, check the weather, and more with a simple “siri”6 or “hey siri.” with announce notifications, siri can automatically read important notifications as they arrive. and with siri interactions, you can nod your head yes or shake your head no when siri asks if you’d like to hear a message, answer a call, or manage other notifications.7 magical experience simply effortless. read more about magical experience magical experience with magically effortless features like one-tap setup, automatic switching,8 audio sharing, and more, airpods make the listening experience completely fluid — day to day, device to device. apple music get 3 months of apple music free with your airpods.* learn more apple footer fast, free delivery or pick up available items at an apple store. learn more pay monthly at 0% apr you can pay over time when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.† learn more get help buying have a question? call a specialist or chat online. contact us make them yours engrave your airpods with your initials or favorite emoji — free. only at apple. learn more * new subscribers only. $10.99/month after trial. offer is available for new apple music subscribers with a new eligible device for a limited time only. offer redemption for eligible audio devices requires connecting or pairing to an apple device running the latest ios or ipados. offer redemption for apple watch requires connecting or pairing to an iphone running the latest ios. offer good for three months after eligible device activation. only one offer per apple account, regardless of the number of eligible devices you purchase. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. the hearing aid feature has received fda authorization. the hearing test and hearing aid features are supported on airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware paired with a compatible iphone or ipad with ios 18 or ipados 18 and later and are intended for people 18 years old or older. the hearing aid feature is also supported on a compatible mac with macos sequoia and later. it is intended for people with perceived mild to moderate hearing loss. hearing health features are subject to change. some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. view complete list. hearing health features are subject to change. some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. view complete list. compatible hardware and software required. works with compatible content in supported apps. not all content available in dolby atmos. iphone with truedepth camera required to create a personal profile for spatial audio, which will sync across apple devices running the latest operating system software, including ios, ipados, macos, and tvos. the hearing protection feature works with airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware when paired with a compatible iphone, ipad, or mac with ios 18, ipados 18, or macos sequoia and later. feature is only available in the u.s. and canada. see support.apple.com/120850 for total attenuation and more information. the hearing protection feature is not suitable for protection against extremely loud impulse sounds, such as gunfire, fireworks, or jackhammers, or against sustained sounds louder than 110 dba. siri may not be available in all languages or in all areas, and features may vary by area. compatible device and internet access required. cellular data charges may apply. siri and activating with just “siri” may not be available in all languages or in all areas, and features may vary by area. compatible device and internet access required. cellular data charges may apply. activating with just “siri” is not available on airpods with the h1 headphone chip and intel-based mac computers. devices must support and have the latest operating system software. available on compatible devices running ios 18, ipados 18, or macos sequoia and later when paired with airpods 4, airpods 4 with active noise cancellation, or airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware. requires an apple account and a compatible apple device running the latest operating system software. † apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the u.s. for eligible products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1‑800‑my‑apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see support.apple.com/102730 for more information about eligible products. existing customers: see your customer agreement for your variable apr. as of january 1, 2025, the variable apr on new apple card accounts ranges from 18.24% to 28.49%. you must elect to use acmi at checkout. if you buy an acmi‑eligible product with a one-time payment on apple card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your apple card’s variable apr, not the acmi 0% apr. taxes and shipping on items purchased using acmi are subject to your apple card’s variable apr, not the acmi 0% apr. in order to buy an iphone with acmi, you must select one of the following carriers: at&t, boost mobile, t‑mobile, or verizon. an iphone purchased with acmi is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government and veterans and military purchase programs; or on refurbished devices. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. see the apple card customer agreement for more information about acmi. ◊ adaptive audio is available on compatible devices running ios 18, ipados 18, or macos sequoia and later when paired with airpods 4 with active noise cancellation or airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware. device performance and noise control features like active noise cancellation, adaptive audio, and transparency can be affected by debris or earwax buildup. clean the device regularly to maintain performance and full feature functionality. refer to support.apple.com/102672 for airpods 4 cleaning instructions. refer to support.apple.com/120409 for airpods pro 2 cleaning instructions. ◊◊ up to 2x more active noise cancellation compared with airpods pro (1st generation) and airpods 4 with active noise cancellation. ◊◊◊ compatible hardware and software required. works with compatible content in supported apps. not all content available in dolby atmos. iphone with truedepth camera required to create a personal profile for spatial audio, which will sync across apple devices running the latest operating system software, including ios, ipados, macos, and tvos. δ the hearing aid feature has received fda authorization. the hearing test and hearing aid features are supported on airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware paired with a compatible iphone or ipad with ios 18 or ipados 18 and later and are intended for people 18 years old or older. the hearing aid feature is also supported on a compatible mac with macos sequoia and later. it is intended for people with perceived mild to moderate hearing loss. hearing health features are subject to change. some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. view complete list. δδ the hearing protection feature works with airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware when paired with a compatible iphone, ipad, or mac with ios 18, ipados 18, or macos sequoia and later. feature is only available in the u.s. and canada. see support.apple.com/120850 for total attenuation and more information. the hearing protection feature is not suitable for protection against extremely loud impulse sounds, such as gunfire, fireworks, or jackhammers, or against sustained sounds louder than 110 dba. δδδ available on compatible devices running ios 18, ipados 18, or macos sequoia and later when paired with airpods 4, airpods 4 with active noise cancellation, or airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware. δδδδ usb‑c charging requires a compatible usb‑c charger. wireless charging requires a qi‑certified wireless charger. magsafe charging requires a compatible magsafe charger. airpods 4 with active noise cancellation and airpods pro 2 charging cases also work with the apple watch charger. δδδδδ precision finding requires a u1‑equipped iphone; availability varies by region. to access and use all apple card features and products available only to apple card users, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad that supports and has the latest version of ios or ipados. apple card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the united states, and issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch.apple payments services llc, a subsidiary of apple inc., is a service provider of goldman sachs bank usa for apple card and savings accounts. neither apple inc. nor apple payments services llc is a bank.if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about apple card.  apple airpods shop and learn shop and learn store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account manage your apple account apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store find a store genius bar today at apple group reservations apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business apple and business shop for business for education for education apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare apple in healthcare mac in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone and ipad for government for government shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supply chain about apple about apple newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple (1-800-692-7753). united states copyright © 2025 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map