来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230135825/http://www.beallsflorida.com/online/content/faq
================================================================================

customer service: order inquiries, shipping, returns, faqs | bealls florida today's deals stores markdowns gift cards track order customer service chat sign in wishlist my bag $0 0 checkout for the home shop categories kitchen dining home décor coffee & tea luggage & backpacks rugs & mats electronics & gifts eats & treats small appliances mixers juicers coffee makers patio & outdoor living outdoor dining tervis tumblers beach gear bedding bedding collections bedding sets quilts sheets blankets & throws decorative pillows bath bath collections bath towels bath rugs shower curtains featured brands tervis keurig kitchenaid cuisinart crock-pot tommy bahama tracy porter caribbean joe leoma lovegrove yankee candle online markdowns coffee shop team shop women shop categories tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts & capris skirts & skorts jeans pants wear to work jackets & coats workout clothes swimwear scrubs lingerie & sleepwear shop by size petite plus size juniors' shop accessories handbags jewelry beauty & perfume shoes sandals & flip flops hats featured brands gloria vanderbilt alfred dunner coral bay caribbean joe jones new york nue options hearts of palm reel legends columbia leoma lovegrove online markdowns plus size shop categories tops, tanks & tees dresses capris shorts jeans & pants swimwear jackets & coats lingerie sleepwear shop accessories handbags jewelry beauty & perfume shoes sandals & flip-flops hats featured brands gloria vanderbilt alfred dunner coral bay caribbean joe jones new york nue options hearts of palm ryka online markdowns lingerie shop categories bras wireless underwire panties bikinis & hipsters briefs thongs hi cut slips & camisoles shapewear pantyhose & stockings socks sleepwear nightgowns & chemises kaftans & loungewear pajama sets robes slippers special sizes plus size sleepwear juniors' sleepwear juniors' intimates featured brands bali playtex vanity fair warners olga maidenform coral bay jockey for her assets red hot label by spanx leoma lovegrove online markdowns bra fittings men shop categories t-shirts shirts shorts swimwear pants jeans workout clothes sweaters & jackets dress shirts & ties shop by size young men big & tall shop accessories underwear & socks pajamas & robes cologne mens gifts sunglasses wallets shoes featured brands reel legends guy harvey columbia izod salt life o'neill pelagic pga tour dockers levis online markdowns team shop surf shop juniors shop categories tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts & capris jeans & pants wear to work bathing suits workout clothes sweaters & jackets bras & panties shop accessories handbags jewelry beauty & perfume shoes sandals & flip-flops sunglasses featured brands moa moa a. byer roxy o'neill salt life billabong rip curl hurley volcom online markdowns team shop baby & kids baby baby girl (0-24m) baby boy (0-24m) baby gifts & accessories shop girls toddler girls (2t-4t) little girls (4-6x) big girls (7-16) girls' shoes shop boys toddler boys (2t-4t) little boys (4-7x) big boys (8-20) boys' shoes kids' clothing accessories dresses jeans & pants playsets shirts & tees shorts & capris sleepwear socks & underwear swimwear kids' shops school uniforms team shop toys & gifts kids' shoes character favorites frozen teenage mutant ninja turtles spiderman mickey & minnie mouse hello kitty featured brands carter's columbia reel legends guy harvey disney levi's oshkosh b'gosh online markdowns school uniforms shoes & sandals all women's shoes athletic shoes sandals loafers heels & pumps flats boots slippers all men's shoes athletic shoes sandals boat shoes loafers oxford & boots slippers all kids' shoes girls' shoes boys' shoes featured brands skechers easy spirit new balance clarks dockers a2 by aerosoles gameday hush puppies spring step propet online markdowns comfort shop accessories & jewelry all handbags totes hobo crossbody bags clutches & wristlets wallets jewelry necklaces pendants earrings bracelets watches luxury beauty products fragrance skin care hair care shop accessories hats scarves belts sunglasses pantyhose & socks featured brands footnotes anne klein nine west izaro silver forest carlos by carlos santana live laugh love online markdowns markdowns more shop more categories frequently asked questions most popular help topics how can i check the status of my order? how do i return an item? how do i cancel or make changes to my order? can i redeem bealls florida credit card reward certificates online? can i redeem bealls bucks online? career opportunities does bealls florida have a catalog? online ordering shipping payment options easy returns change or cancel an order gift orders international customers apo/fpo customers sales tax online services order status emails from beallsflorida.com store locator my bealls florida credit card pay my bill rewards program order gift cards gift card balance coupons & offers first time visitor create my beallsflorida.com shopper account registration benefits site requirements & tips customer service shipping rates payment options gifting promotions privacy & security legal notice advertising updates product recalls product rebates prop 65 retail means jobs social responsibility statement about us emails from beallsflorida.com beallsflorida.com will on occasion send out emails regarding upcoming sales and events. these may be for our online customers exclusively or may be valid in our stores. we also send an email announcing new sales, which is usually done weekly. click here to subscribe or unsubscribe. we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us, or if we need to inform you about your order. when you make a purchase, we will send you emails regarding your order and, from time to time, may also need to contact you via telephone or traditional mail. we may also send emails regarding an order confirmation, shipping notification, or that there was a problem with your order. it is important that you enter a valid email address when you order so that we may properly communicate with you. at no time will we add your email address to our email list, unless we have your permission to do so. how can i cancel or change my order? cancellations and changes may be conducted by phone only. please call us at 800-569-9038 option 3; monday – saturday 9am to 9pm and sunday 10am to 8pm est within 1 hour after the order was placed. please note that your order begins processing immediately, and it may not be possible to cancel or make changes to the order. what forms of payment does beallsflorida.com accept for online purchases? we currently accept the following forms of payment for online purchases: bealls florida credit card bealls florida gift cards(credit card required as backup) visa mastercard american express discover diners club we are unable to accept cash, checks and credit vouchers for online purchases. beallsflorida.com requires that your billing address be within the continental u.s., alaska, hawaii, us virgin islands and puerto rico. we cannot accept orders placed with overseas bank credit cards or international billing addresses. will i be charged sales tax on my order? bealls florida does collect sales tax on orders that are shipped to an address in the state of florida. bealls florida does collect sales tax on orders that are shipped to an address in the state of florida and to other states as required by individual state sales tax nexus laws. california state tax laws require that companies collect sales tax on internet orders according to the california state sales tax nexus rules. beallsflorida.com must comply with this law on all shipments to california. the state of colorado requires that sales or use tax is due on certain purchases made from bealls florida and that the state requires that the purchaser file a sales or use tax return. for additional information please go to the colorado department of revenue's website, www.taxcolorado.org. the state of vermont requires that sales or use tax is due on certain purchases made from bealls florida and that the state requires that the purchaser file a sales or use tax return. for additional information please go to the vermont department of revenue's website, www.tax.vermont.gov. the state of kentucky requires that sales or use tax is due on certain purchases made from bealls florida and that the state requires that the purchaser file a sales or use tax return. for additional information please go to the kentucky department of revenue's website revenue.ky.gov. the state of south dakota requires that sales or use tax is due on certain purchases made from bealls florida and that the state requires that the purchaser file a sales or use tax return. for additional information please go to the south dakota department of revenue's website www.state.sd.us. the state of tennessee requires that sales or use tax is due on certain purchases made from bealls florida and that the state requires that the purchaser file a sales or use tax return. for additional information please go to the tennessee department of revenue's website apps.tn.gov/usetax. the state of south carolina requires that sales or use tax is due on certain purchases made from bealls florida and that the state requires that the purchaser file a sales or use tax return. for additional information please go to the south carolina department of revenue's website www.sctax.org. the state of oklahoma requires that sales or use tax is due on certain purchases made from bealls florida and that the state requires that the purchaser file a sales or use tax return. for additional information please go to the oklahoma department of revenue's website www.tax.ok.gov if you are placing an order on behalf of a tax exempt organization, please email or fax your proof of tax exempt status to customerservice@beallsflorida.com or fax to 941-708-4321. when will my credit card be charged for an order? your credit card will only be charged when we ship your order. if your order contains more than one item it is possible that you will see multiple charges on your account. this is because we may ship from multiple locations, and each location will only charge for the item(s) that they ship. why are there multiple charges for my order? if your order contains more than one item it is possible that you will see multiple charges on your account. this is because we may ship from multiple store locations, and each store location will only charge for the item(s) that they ship. this will not affect your order total or shipping charges on your order. orders shipped from multiple locations may result in items arriving on different days. what is your pricing policy? bealls florida offers a wide variety of products at fair, competitive prices every day. product pricing can vary from day to day depending on current promotions and discounts. due to the nature of our online business, we are unable to make price adjustments on prior purchases. merchandise and promotional offers available on beallsflorida.com may vary from those offered in bealls florida stores. in the event of a pricing or product description error, bealls florida reserves the right to correct errors, inaccuracies and to change or update information at any time without notification. bealls florida effective dates for sales and offers are based on eastern standard time only. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. if you have saved an item in your shopping cart, please be aware item pricing and availability may have changed since adding to the shopping cart. gifting information apply gift wrapping to your order for $3.00 per item. personal gift message are free. orders shipped to an address different than the billing address provided will receive a gift receipt (packing slip). gift receipts (packing slips) do not have the prices printed on them. does bealls florida have a catalog? bealls florida does not produce a catalog. we do have weekly sales fliers that are available in many local florida newspapers, in our stores and published on our coupons & offers page. as our sales usually run for a short time period, we do not mail our fliers. register your email address with us so that you receive current sale information. click here to register. where can i connect with bealls florida? connect with us for exclusive offers and the latest updates on the new florida lifestyle. click here to be directed to our facebook page. click here to be directed to our pinterest page. click here to be directed to our twitter page. beallsflorida.com site requirements bealls strives to create a friendly & helpful experience both online & in-store. the website is best viewed by the following browsers via desktop or tablet: internet explorer (version 9 or higher) mozilla firefox (version 30 or higher) chrome safari beallsflorida.com does utilize javascript & requires cookies to be enabled to complete a transaction. for more information on how to manage your cookies click here. retail means jobs click here to learn more retailmeansjobs is a campaign to enhance awareness of the importance of retailing to the us job market. according to research conducted by pricewaterhousecoopers employment in the retail industry combined with employment in the companies that supply retailers with goods and services accounts for one in four us jobs and close to 20% of gdp. social responsibility statement to view our social responsibility statement in its entirety, please click here. where can i find more information on bealls? to learn more about the bealls family of stores, please click here. to learn more about bealls in the community click here. to view our privacy policy click here to learn about joining our team click here i have noticed bealls stores in states other than florida, are they the same company? bealls and bealls outlet stores located in florida, georgia and arizona and the beallsinc.com, beallsoutlet.com, beallsflorida.com and bealls.com websites are operated by beall's, inc. with headquarters in bradenton, florida. bealls stores located in other states are operated by specialty retailers inc. with headquarters in houston, texas. specialty retailers inc. and beall's, inc. are not affiliated. locate a bealls florida store locate a bealls outlet store can i earn/redeem bealls bucks online? bealls bucks can only be redeemed for in-store purchases at this time. can i redeem my bealls florida credit card rewards certificates online? bealls florida credit rewards certificates cannot be redeemed online. please contact customer care via chat now, email at customerservice@beallsflorida.com or call 800-569-9038 option 3 for additional information and assistance. what are the benefits of registering for a bealls florida shopper account? beallsflorida.com shopper account benefits include: express checkout view order history create and save wish lists track current orders save an address book click here to get started. please note your beallsflorida shopping account differs from your bealls florida credit card account. if you wish to make a payment or need assistance with your bealls florida credit card please contact comenity bank at 866-907-5594 or by visiting https://d.comenity.net/beallsflorida/. your email subscription does not equal an account. where can i find information on product rebates? occasionally, bealls offers rebates on certain products via manufacturer rebate programs. when available they are posted here. where can i find information on product recalls for items sold by bealls florida? click here for product recall information. what if i received damaged or defective items? if you receive a damaged or defective item, contact a customer care associate through our live chat, email customerservice@beallsflorida.com or call 800-569-9038 option 3. please be sure to have your order number, item number and tracking number from your original confirmation e-mail. please know in some cases we may ask for pictures of the damage to for our quality control purposes. if you do not contact customer service, you are responsible for all return shipping charges. attention california residents: prop 65 warning:all products may not meet california proposition 65 requirements. bealls department stores products meet all applicable federal safety and warning requirements as enforced by the united states federal government. for more information about prop 65 please visit: www.oehha.ca.gov/prop65/getnsrls.html. does bealls have a policy regarding labor practices? bealls maintains a "code of vendor conduct," which is designed to ensure that our business partners operate ethically and that our merchandise is produced under appropriate conditions - in the united states and around the world. bealls will not do business with vendors who refuse to abide by our code, and we make it clear that compromising the letter or spirit of the code will result in serious consequences - up to and including the termination of orders and any future business dealings. copyright & trademark notice beallsflorida.com and the web pages accessed thereby are owned by bealls, inc. and/or its third-party licensors. all trademarks and service marks appearing in these web pages, as well as all other proprietary materials depicted herein (the text, images, photographs, graphics, user interface, and other content), are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution or confusing or misleading use under national and international copyright and trademark laws, as applicable. except where expressly stated otherwise, you are not permitted to copy reproduce, modify, distribute, display, transmit, adapt or change in any way any aspect of these web pages for any other purpose whatsoever without the prior written permission of bealls and/or its third-party licensors. © bealls, inc. and/or its third-party licensors. all rights reserved. still have questions? contact our customer care center mon - sat9am - 9pm est sun10am - 8pm est live chat chat with a customer care specialist call us 800.569.9038 send us an email customerservice@beallsflorida.com did you place your bealls florida order on amazon.com? track your order on amazon stay connected sign up now to receive email updates with exclusive coupons, offers and events. customer service 800.569.9038 mon-sat 9am - 9pm est sun 10am - 8pm est get help track order faqs contact us shipping returns & exchanges more bealls about bealls florida news & information beallsinc.com find a store near you bealls florida credit card apply now get bealls rewards pay bill be social site map privacy & security retailmeansjobs.org social responsibility statement bealls is a privately held company, rich in tradition, owned by the founding family and its employees. founded in 1915, bealls department stores now operates 80 store locations in the state of florida in addition to beallsflorida.com. bealls department stores and beallsflorida.com are owned and operated by beall's department stores, inc and beall's westgate corporation. copyright 2014 bealls, inc. all rights reserved.