来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231201659/https://www.beallsflorida.com/online/rewards
================================================================================

coast2coast rewards | bealls florida product comparison the maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. please refine your selection. ok this item has been successfully added to your list. continue shopping skip to site content cmc content name: mfes_headerbanner_s2s_todaysad_fs75 free ship to store – no minimum details this week's ad details free shipping on $75+ details cmc content name: mfes_bealls store logo_083020 searchsearch search search search please enter a valid search term close search bar stores sign in sign in to your account bag 0 items in bag search sign in sign in to your account shop cmc content name: mfes_mobile_topcats 8.11i release 122220 for home for home shop all bed & bath bed & bath shop all bedding comforter sets duvet covers quilts & bedspreads sheets decorative pillows blankets & throws kids bedding mattress pads & toppers pillows bath towels bath rugs bath accessories shower curtains shower hooks dining dining shop all barware dinnerware drinkware flatware serveware kitchen kitchen shop all cookware bakeware kitchen gadgets home décor home décor shop all accent furniture artificial trees & flowers candles & decorative holders clocks decorative pillows frames lamps mirrors rugs & mats wall art window treatments outdoor living outdoor living shop all patio decor beach gear coolers floats & rafts more for home more for home electronics gadgets gifts fitness & healthy living luggage & backpack women women shop all womens clothing womens clothing tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris activewear swimwear & cover- ups shrugs & cardigans sweaters jackets jeans & pants scrubs lingerie & sleepwear womens plus womens plus shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris activewear swimsuits & cover ups jackets jeans & pants contempory plus lingerie & sleepwear petite petite shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris cardigans & sweaters jackets jeans & pants lingerie & sleepwear lingerie & sleepwear shop all bras panties socks slips & camisoles sleepwear nightgowns & chemises kaftans & loungewear pajama sets robes slippers specialty shops specialty shops the scene wear 2 work swimwear golf shop men men shop all t-shirts & tanks t-shirts & tanks shop all athletic shirts t-shirts casual shirts casual shirts shop all casual long sleeve shirts casual short sleeve shirts polo shirts t-shirts shorts shorts shop all athletic shorts cargo shorts flat front shorts pleated shorts pants pants shop all jeans pants activewear activewear shop all athletic pants athletic shirts athletic shorts underwear & socks underwear & socks shop all socks underwear & undershirts accessories accessories shop all belts hats sunglasses wallets big & tall big & tall shop all shirts shorts jeans & pants sleepwear sleepwear shop all suits & sport coats suits & sport coats shop all swimwear swimwear shop all boardshorts mens rashguards swim shorts specialty shops specialty shops golf shop team shop juniors juniors shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts capris leggings skirts rompers & jumpsuits sweaters & jackets jeans & pants swimwear activewear kids kids shop all baby clothing baby clothing shop all baby boy clothes baby girl clothes baby girl (0-24m) baby girl (0-24m) shop all baby girl clothing sets baby girl layette sets baby girl sleepwear baby girl dresses bodysuits & one-piece baby girl tops baby girl bottoms baby boy (0-24m) baby boy (0-24m) shop all baby boy clothing sets baby boy layette sets baby boy sleepwear bodysuits & one-piece baby boy tops baby boy bottoms baby essentials baby essentials shop all girls clothing girls clothing shop all girls dresses toddler girls 2t-4t little girls 4-6x girls clothing 7-16 toddler girls 2t-4t toddler girls 2t-4t shop all girls 2t-4t sets girls 2t-4t shirts & tees girls 2t-4t shorts & skirts girls 2t-4t dresses girls 2t-4t sleepwear girls 2t-4t jeans & pants girls panties & socks toddler girls swimwear little girls 4-6x little girls 4-6x shop all girls 4-6x sets girls 4-6x shirts & tees girls 4-6x shorts & skirts girls 4-6x dresses girls 4-6x sleepwear girls 4-6x jeans & pants girls panties & socks girls swimwear big girls 7-16 big girls 7-16 shop all girls 7-16 shirts & tees girls 7-16 shorts & capris girls 7-16 skirts & scooters girls 7-16 dresses girls 7-16 jeans & pants girls 7-16 activewear girls 7-16 sleepwear girls bras & bralettes girls swimwear boys clothing boys clothing shop all toddler boys 2t-4t little boys 4-7x boys clothing 8-20 toddler boys 2t-4t toddler boys 2t-4t shop all boys 2t-4t sets boys 2t-4t shirts & tees boys 2t-4t shorts boys 2t-4t sleepwear boys underwear & socks toddler boys swimwear little boys 4-7x little boys 4-7x shop all boys 4-7x sets boys 4-7x shirts & tees boys 4-7x shorts boys 4-7x activewear boys 4-7x jeans & pants boys 4-7x sleepwear boys underwear & socks boys swimwear big boys 8-20 big boys 8-20 shop all boys 8-20 shirts & tees boys 8-20 shorts boys 8-20 activewear boys 8-20 jeans & pants boys 8-20 sleepwear boys underwear & socks boys swimwear specialty shops specialty shops toys character shop team shop shoes shoes shop all women's shoes women's shoes shop all athletic shoes casual sport sandals flip-flops boat shoes wedges heels & pumps boots loafers & oxfords flats slippers insoles & accessories wide width shoes mens shoes mens shoes shop all athletic shoes casual sport sandals flip flops boat shoes loafers oxfords slippers insoles & accessories wide width shoes kids shoes kids shoes shop all girls' boys' specialty shops specialty shops comfort shoe shoppe athletic shoe shop accessories accessories shop all handbags handbags shop all totes & satchels hobo bags crossbody bags & minibags clutches & wristlets beach bags wallets jewelry jewelry shop all necklaces pendants earrings bracelets rings jewelry sets watches fragrances fragrances shop all men's cologne women's perfume gift sets accessories accessories shop all hats scarves belts sunglasses clearance clearance shop all women's plus petite men's kids & toys juniors shoes accessories lingerie home store locator gift cards track order customer service for home cmc content name: mf_topcat_home 010621 new arrivals patio & outdoor outdoor dining patio decor patio furniture shop by activity beach exercise recreation home decor accent furniture candles decorative pillows home accents rugs & mats wall art window treatments bedroom comforters sheets quilts bathroom bathroom accessories bath rugs bath towels shower curtains dining dinnerware drinkware flatware kitchen bakeware cookware kitchen gadgets shops coastal shop flamingo shop nautical shop tropical shop more for home luggage & backpacks pet accessories storage & organization featured brands coastal home key lime lexi margaritaville nourison pfaltzgraff tervis tommy bahama clearance bed & bath cmc content name: mfes_topcat_bedbath 010621 new arrivals bedroom comforter sets decorative pillows duvet covers quilts & bedspreads sheets bedding basics blankets & throws mattress pads & toppers pillows kid's bedding bathroom bath accessories bath rugs bath towels shower curtains shower hooks more for home dining home accents home décor kitchen luggage & backpacks pet accessories storage & organization window treatments trends & shops coastal shop flamingo shop nautical shop tropical shop cooling perfect pillows featured brands avanti beautyrest coastal home creative bath madison park panama jack sealy tommy bahama clearance women cmc content name: mf_topcat_women 01062021 new arrivals shop categories activewear capris dresses & jumpsuits jackets jeans lingerie & sleepwear pants shorts skirts & skorts sweaters swimwear tops, tanks & tees shop by size petite plus size juniors trends graphic tees athleisure sets shop by activity golf swimming workout yoga accessories handbags jewelry shoes beauty bath & body fragrances skin care featured brands alfred dunner brisas caribbean joe champion columbia coral bay democracy dept 222 gloria vanderbilt hearts of palm lee leoma lovegrove lillie green paradise bay reel legends under armour face masks clearance lingerie cmc content name: mf_topcat_lingerie 010621 new arrivals shop categories bras panties sleepwear & robes slippers socks specialty shops bridal shop plus size sleepwear bra fit guide bras comfort full figure underwire wireless panties bikinis & hipsters briefs hi-cut sleepwear nightgowns & chemises pajama sets robes featured brands bali cool girl coral bay echo ellen tracy hue jaclyn intimates jockey karen neuburger maidenform playtex vanity fair warner's men cmc content name: mfes_topcat_men (1) new arrivals shop categories activewear button down shirts dress shirts graphic tees hoodies & sweatshirts jackets jeans pajamas & sleepwear pants polo shirts shoes shorts swimwear t-shirts & tanks underwear & socks big & tall accessories belts hats sunglasses wallets shops golf shop outdoor shop sun protection surf shop team shop vacation shop shop by activity golf fishing swimming workout featured brands champion columbia cubavera dockers guy harvey haggar izod lee levis pga tour reel legends salt life under armour wrangler face masks clearance juniors cmc content name: mfes_topcat_juniors 010121 new arrivals shop categories dresses jeans & pants leggings rompers & jumpsuits shorts skirts sleepwear sweaters & jackets swimwear tops, tanks & tees shops surf shop team shop accessories beauty handbags hats jewelry shoes sunglasses featured brands billabong chubby mermaids loco skailz o'neill reel legends roxy salt life simply southern unionbay ymi face masks clearance kids cmc content name: mf_topcat_kids 010121 new arrivals baby baby girl (0-24m) baby boy (0-24m) baby essentials boys toddler boys (2t-4t) little boys (4-7x) big boys (8-20) boys' shoes girls toddler girls (2t-4t) little girls (4-6x) big girls (7-16) girls' shoes shop categories activewear dresses jackets & hoodies jeans & pants sets shirts & tees shorts & capris sleepwear socks & underwear swimwear toys kids' shops character shop team shop toy shop kids' shoes featured brands carter's columbia chubby mermaids lego melissa & doug reel legends simply southern sunshine baby under armour face masks clearance shoes cmc content name: mf_topcat_shoes 010621 new arrivals sandals women's sandals men's sandals girls' sandals boys' sandals shop by activity golf pickleball tennis running shops athletic shoe shop comfort shoe shoppe contemporary shoe shop shop women's shoes athletic shoes boat shoes comfort fashion sneakers flats sandals slippers shop men's shoes athletic shoes boat shoes comfort sandals slippers work shop kids' shoes girls' boys' featured brands asics clarks crocs easy spirit fila italian shoemakers keds lifestride new balance nike propet reel legends ryka skechers spring step under armour vionic clearance active lifestyle cmc content name: mf_topcat_active_lifestyle 110120 shop by activity beach fishing games & fun golf surf swimming tennis & pickleball workout yoga shop by technology anti-microbial moisture wicking quick dry sun protection men jackets pants shirts shorts swimwear women dresses plus shorts skirts & skorts tanks, tops & tees swimwear kids boys girls featured brands brisas champion columbia lillie green loco skailz nike pga tour reel legends salt life under armour swimwear cmc content name: mf_topcat_swimwear 011221 shop by size womens plus juniors kids mens womens swimwear mix & match one piece cover ups juniors swimwear bandeau tops halter tops triangle tops hipster bottoms side tie bottoms mens swimwear boardshorts swim shorts kids swimwear baby boys girls flip flops womens mens kids beach essentials beach chairs beach gear coolers hats sunglasses towels umbrellas clearance cmc content name: mf_topcat_clearance 041019 for the home bed & bath home decor womens petite plus mens juniors kids shoes & sandals accessories & jewelry lingerie more shop more categories cmc content name: mf_es_shipping_msg_fs_defaultcontent 0824 you are xxx away from free shippingor choose free ship to store delivery in checkout cmc content name: mf_es_proximity_free_shipping_content 0824 you qualify for free shipping! privacy & security online privacy & security effective date: january 1, 2020 privacy version 1.01 about ssl certificates application of privacy policy thank you for shopping at www.beallsflorida.com. this privacy policy ("policy") applies to www.beallsflorida.com ("site"). it describes what types of information bealls, inc. ("bealls") collects from online customers and how this information may be used and shared. by shopping on www.beallsflorida.com, you agree to the terms of this policy. types of information we collect information you provide when you interact with bealls we collect information, including personal information, from you in a variety of ways when you interact with bealls through our site. examples of the types of information we may collect include your name, home address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, purchase and order information, and demographic information. you may provide such information, for instance, when: you make an online purchase; you create a personalized beallsflorida.com shopping account for your convenience; you use our online order tracking; you sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts); you sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club; you provide your contact information and product preferences; you participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests and/or surveys or focus groups; you use the ratings & reviews or related services and features; or you submit a request to our customer service team. information collected automatically in addition to information you provide directly, we may collect certain information using automated means such as cookies, web beacons, and web server logs. we may combine this automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, as described below. examples of the types of information we may collect automatically include ip addresses, location information, mobile device identifiers, browser characteristics, and site traffic and navigational information. cookies a cookie is a small text file sent by a website that is stored on your hard drive by your computer's browser. this site uses two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. we use session cookies, for example, to add items to your shopping bag. persistent cookies last from visit to visit and do not go away when you exit your browser. we use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to streamline your website navigation. for example, we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed on the site. managing cookies varies from browser to browser, so please refer to your browser for further information. if you prefer, you usually can set your browser to remove or reject cookies. please be aware that if you block cookies you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features on the site. information from other sources we may receive information about you from other sources and combine that information with information we collect about you through the site. for instance, we obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information, such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers. we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties, or how such third parties collect, use, or share such information. our third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to beallsflorida.com or other websites. third party advertising cookies tailor your advertisements based on your visit to our beallsflorida.com and/or other sites on the internet. users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting the following links: google- this link allows you to opt-out of google specific advertising ads setting or www.aboutads.info how we use your information we may use information about you for various purposes, including: enhancing your online shopping experience with bealls; processing purchases and other transactions; providing customer service, and following up on order questions and concerns; communicating with you about products, services, promotions, offers, and other news and information we think will be of interest to you; analyzing usage of, modifying, or improving the site or other websites; contacting you regarding your use of the site and, in our discretion, changes to our policies; preventing fraudulent activity and monitoring against threats; and carrying out any business function or other purpose as disclosed in this policy or at the time you provide information to us. how we share your information internally: we may share your information within bealls, inc., including with our affiliates. service providers: we provide your information to companies that provide support services to bealls, including, but not limited to, printers, marketing providers, analytics companies, web hosting providers, contest and survey administrators, call center service providers, payment processors, fulfillment and logistics vendors and data verification providers. we may also share your personal information with third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business, such as bealls charge. legal or safety requirements: bealls may disclose information about you in response to a legal order or request, or based upon our good faith belief that the disclosure is required or permitted by law. we also may disclose your information to protect users of our site or the site itself, to protect the public or to otherwise protect and defend the rights, property, security, safety of any party, or to protect our business interests. other disclosures: we may disclose your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, acquisition, or other transaction of all or any of our assets to another company. we also may share your information for any purpose listed elsewhere in this policy, or as disclosed to you at the time the information was collected, or with your consent. analytics and online tracking we use third-party service providers such as google analytics, to assist us in better understanding how visitors use the site. these providers place cookies on visitors' computers to collect information about how visitors navigate the site, what products are browsed, and aggregate purchasing and other information. the information collected for this purpose is disclosed to, or directly collected by, these service providers. to learn more about opting out of data collection through google analytics, click here. we and our third-party advertising vendors also use first- and third- party cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads on the site and other websites based upon a user's past visits to our site and other websites, and to report upon how bealls ad impressions and other ad services are related to the site. we may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you. this combined information may be used by our third-party advertising vendors for interest-based advertising (also called "online behavioral advertising") on the site and other websites across the internet in order to personalize your online experience, improve our site and other websites, and to tailor bealls and other companies' marketing to you. to learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising, click here. note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "do not track" signal to websites and online services you visit. there is no consensus among industry participants as to what "do not track" means in this context. like many websites and online services, this site is not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers. to find out more about "do not track," you may wish to visit https://www.allaboutdnt.com. children under 13 the site is not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under the age of 13. if we learn that we have received such information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete the information. email to stop receiving advertising emails from bealls, you may click the unsubscribe button in an email that you receive from us. security bealls uses appropriate safeguards to help protect the information you provide to bealls online. although bealls uses reasonable efforts to secure information, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information collected through the site. if you cannot access the secure server, you may place your order by telephone at 800-569-9038, monday-saturday 9-9 or sunday 10-8 est. california privacy rights the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) of 2018 takes effect on january 1, 2020. this legislation grants the following rights to california customers: the right to request (no more than twice in a 12-month period) to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information were collected, used, shared or sold by us in the preceding 12 months. the right to delete personal information held by us in the preceding 12 months and by extension, our service providers; the right to non-discrimination in terms of price or service when a customer exercises a privacy right under ccpa. when submitting a request, your identity will be verified by matching your last name, phone number and email address to the information we already possess. how do i request to know the personal information you hold about me? if you wish us to provide a copy of this information, you may submit a request here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to know my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to produce the requested information. the request will provide information from all bealls entities. how do i request to delete the personal information you hold about me? to request your personal information be permanently deleted expresses your intention to fully remove both your user account and any existing information held by all bealls entities. this cannot be undone, and we won’t be able to recover any of your data, including your saved lists and sale alerts in the future. note that in permanently deleting your personal information you relinquish the following benefits: access to special offers and discounts beyond those available on beallsflorida.com and all bealls sites. ability to enroll in bealls coast 2 coast loyalty program, access to any of the special savings benefits, point accumulation for dollar off rewards, or access to rewards at checkouts/registers. receive sale email alerts from all bealls entities ability to create or maintain a beallsflorida shopping account or access your saved shipping addresses create and share wish lists with others if you wish us to remove your personal information, you may submit a request to be permanently deleted here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to delete my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to delete your personal information. for more information, click here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. contact information if you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may click here to contact us. our mailing address is: bealls department stores attention: customer care p.o. box 25207 bradenton, fl 34206-5207 updates to this policy as we continue to offer new and different types of content and services, bealls may modify this policy. should there be a material change to our information practices, it will be applied on a go-forward basis, and we will notify you by updating the date at the beginning of this policy. bealls encourages you to review this policy each time you visit this site. this website uses cookies to improve user experience and track anonymous site usage. by continuing to use this site or closing this banner, you accept the use of cookies. click here to read more about how we use cookies. =close and accept the use of cookies cmc espot name: rewards_es cmc content name: mfes_rewards_120820 simple to start. simple to save. enroll to start earning! new to beallsflorida.com? you'll need a bealls florida shopping account. enroll now or already have a bealls florida shopping account? sign in how it works sign up earn a $5 bonus reward after your first purchase1✝ shop earn 1 point for every dollar spent in-store & online1 earn receive a $5 reward for every 200 points earned1 redeem you'll have 60 days to use your reward -no exclusions! more benefits receive a $5 bonusduring your birthday month1 gain access to specialdouble point events1 earn 2x points when you use your bealls florida credit card2 coast2coast members save 10% off your entire purchase every tuesday. offer valid in-store only.1 1offer is available to coast2coast rewards members. click here for terms and conditions. 2this rewards program is provided by bealls stores inc. and its terms may change at any time. for full rewards terms and conditions, please click here.credit card offers are subject to credit approval.bealls florida credit card accounts are issued by comenity bank. ✝may take up to 72 hours to receive your reward once your order is fulfilled. what guests are saying “i like the brands they carry and they have good sales which makes the clothes affordable. i also like the rewards program so you can earn points to receive money to use on future purchases.”oma, 1st time guest “i shop almost exclusively at bealls florida because of the variety of wonderful products. the customer service always exceeds expectations and the rewards program is like getting a gift every time i shop.”bobbie, repeat guest “i like the brands bealls has to offer,along with sales and rewards - great value.”diana, repeat guest “love this store. i usually find what i'm looking for at great prices - coupons and rewards are a big plus.”trish, repeat guest coast2coast rewards program terms & conditions *disclaimer: stores operated under the bealls name located in california, colorado, idaho, montana, new mexico, nevada, oregon, texas, utah, washington, and wyoming are managed and owned by specialty retailers, inc. specialty retailers, inc. is not affiliated with beall's, inc. or its subsidiaries. coast2coast rewards are based on qualifying purchases made in a participating bealls store (including the in-store kiosk), beallsflorida.com or bealls customer care - at 800-569-9038 during business hours (monday-saturday, 9am-9pm; sunday 10am-8pm). starting may 15, 2017 more bealls stores will be participating in coast2coast rewards. as of june 1, 2017 all bealls stores will be participating in coast2coast rewards. coast2coast rewards structure and process is described below. important note: these terms contain provisions that limit our liability to you, eliminate your right to a trial by jury, require you to resolve disputes with us on an individual basis and not as a part of any class or representative action, and through final and binding arbitration. see below. please read these terms carefully for important information about your rights and obligations in the coast2coast rewards program (the “program”). by enrolling and participating in the program, you agree to these terms. complete terms and conditions will be in force june 1, 2017. the coast2coast rewards program is sponsored by beall stores, inc. and its affiliate beall’s westgate corporation ("bealls," "we," "us," or "our"). bealls is solely responsible for the program operation and may withdraw the program or change the terms of the program, in its sole discretion, at any time. for purposes of these terms and conditions “bealls” will not include beall’s outlet stores, inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. “bank” means comenity bank or its assignees. the program allows participants in the program ("member," "you," or "your") to earn points for the dollars you spend at bealls, as well as by engaging with bealls florida on social media, or in other ways designated by us. members at designated times may use points towards non-purchasing activities as indicated by bealls. points are earned starting immediately after enrollment in the program and rewards are calculated as earned according to the points structure (section 7.). these terms are separate and independent from your bealls florida credit card account agreement (your “account agreement”), which governs the use of your bealls florida credit card. in the event of any conflict between these terms and your account agreement, these terms will control in any matter relating to the program. the rewards and points earned may vary. bealls reserves the right to offer bonus points or promote other offers, or to add, withdraw, or otherwise change point-earning opportunities based on these or other factors at its sole discretion, with or without notice to you. points can be earned by making qualified purchases in-store or online, by engaging with bealls florida on social media, or in other ways as determined by bealls, in its sole discretion from time to time (see section 5. earning points). your program membership is valid only at bealls stores (including in-store kiosks), on beallsflorida.com (if you register and sign in through your online account), and bealls customer care center. this program is not affiliated with or related to the bealls outlet rewards program in any way. eligibility: you must be at least 13 years of age to enroll and participate in the program. if you do not qualify, you are prohibited from enrolling, earning or redeeming in the program. bealls will not collect personally identifiable information from any person that is actually known to us to be a child under the age of 13. membership is valid only at bealls stores and on beallsflorida.com. you must legally reside in the united states, canada or puerto rico. commercial customers and individuals purchasing items for resale are not eligible for membership. limit one membership per unique 10-digit phone number and unique email address. your membership is non-transferable. bealls reserves the right to approve, deny, or revoke membership in the program for any individual for any reason whatsoever and may change its eligibility criteria at any time in its sole discretion. bealls florida credit card members: bealls florida credit card members must be in good standing and enrolled in the coast2coast rewards program to receive double points (see section 5. earning points) when you use your bealls florida credit card. “good standing” means (1) your account is open to new charges and not over your credit limit, (2) your account is not more than 60 days past due or otherwise in default, (3) your card is not flagged as lost, stolen, or fraudulent according to the bank’s records, (4) your account is not in a hardship or workout program, and (5) you are not subject to a credit counseling arrangement relating to your account. we may withdraw the program or deny or revoke your participation in the program at any time for any reason. enrollment: by enrolling in the coast2coast rewards program, becoming a coast2coast rewards program member and/or participating in the program, you represent to bealls that you are at least 13 years of age or older, and legally reside in the united states, canada or puerto rico, and you agree to these program terms and conditions (“terms”). when you enroll in the program, you will be automatically signed up to receive coast2coast rewards emails and beallsflorida.com marketing emails. you can enroll in the program in the following ways: in-store: you can enroll in the program in-store by requesting a membership at a bealls ‘point of sale register’ by providing your name, zip code, unique 10-digit phone number and unique email address at one of the bealls stores. immediately after enrollment, you start earning points as described below (see section 5. earning points). after you enroll at the register, you will be sent communication via email to go to https://www.beallsflorida.com/rewards to provide more information and set up an online account with password or link your existing online account to coast2coast rewards to receive full program benefits (such as, for example, provide your birthdate to receive a birthday bonus). your online account provides you with access to history of points earned, rewards received, rewards redeemed and other program information. online: to enroll in the coast2coast program, create an account or sign in to your bealls florida shopping account with a password. if you have an existing bealls florida shopping account, sign in, go to ‘my account’ and click on ‘enroll today’ to receive full program benefits (such as, for example, provide your birthdate to receive a birthday bonus). your online account provides you with access to history of points earned, rewards received, rewards redeemed and other program information. immediately after enrollment, you start earning points as described below (see section 5. earning points). customer care: you can enroll in the program by calling bealls customer care at 1.800.569.9038. you will need to provide your first name, last name, zip code, unique 10-digit phone number and unique email address to the customer care representative. immediately after enrollment, you start earning points as described below (see section 5. earning points) bealls florida credit card: if you are the primary account holder of a valid bealls florida credit card account as of may 1, 2017, you will be able to enroll at the register by swiping your bealls florida credit card when requested to do so by the sales associate and it will pre-populate your name, zip code and 10-digit phone number for enrollment in the program. you will need to provide a unique email address to enroll in the program. if you do not have an email address and you have a valid bealls florida credit card account, you will be able to enroll in the program and you will only receive coast2coast rewards and coast2coast birthday bonus (if we have it with your account). the ‘new points balance will be on the receipt. when the ‘new points balance’ is 200 or more, you will be issued a reward. the reward is valid at 12:01 am on the next calendar day. there are rare occasions the system will be offline and the reward is issued and posted later, within 72 hours of the day earned. rewards are valid for 60 days. your birthday reward will be available your entire birthday month, if you have provided a birthdate for your coast2coast rewards account. no other communication will be sent. you will also be asked to confirm your 10-digit phone number to use as your membership id. as a bealls florida credit card holder, you may also provide your unique 10-digit phone number, name, zip code, unique email address and enroll in the program as described above. (see section 2. a. in-store) immediately after enrollment, you start earning points as described below (see section 5. earning points). after you enroll at the register, you will be sent communication via email to go to https://www.beallsflorida.com/rewards to provide more information and set up an online account with a password or link your existing online account to coast2coast rewards to receive full program benefits (such as, for example, provide your birthdate to receive a birthday bonus). your online account provides you with access to history of points earned, rewards received, rewards redeemed and other program information. if you open a bealls florida credit card account after june 1, 2017 you will be enrolled in the program and will start earning points automatically, provided that you have submitted your unique email address to us with your application and you do not opt out of the program. after you enroll at the register, you will be sent communication via email to go to https://www.beallsflorida.com/rewards to provide more information to receive full program benefits (such as, for example, provide your birthdate to receive a birthday bonus). your online account provides you with access to history of points earned, rewards received, rewards redeemed and other program information. limit one membership per credit card account. primary account holders and authorized users on the same credit card account can each have their own coast2coast rewards account (with each having a unique phone number and unique email address). if separate coast2coast rewards accounts are set up by primacy account holders and authorized users, double points earned when using the same credit card account will be applied to the separate coast2coast rewards accounts. member profile completion and data collection: except as otherwise provided in these terms and conditions, bealls’ privacy policy will apply to information you provide bealls through the program. by enrolling and participating in the program, you agree to bealls’ privacy policy. to view bealls’ privacy policy, please go to https://www.beallsflorida.com/online/privacy---security. bealls will not edit, delete or disclose the contents of a member’s data in connection with the program unless (a) reasonably necessary to perform the program, (b) authorized by the member, (c) otherwise permitted under the privacy policy or (d) bealls reasonably believes that such action is necessary to (i) conform or comply with any legal, regulatory, law enforcement or similar requirement or investigation, (ii) protect or defend the rights of property of bealls or any member or (iii) enforce the terms of service or any other agreement. bealls will use member’s social networking account information only as permitted under the privacy policy and for the purpose of providing the service to the member, and will not otherwise attempt to obtain information from (or share information using) such accounts. loyalty member id: your 10-digit phone number will be your primary coast2coast member id. by providing your 10-digit phone number, email address, or bealls florida credit card, in-store at the register, or by logging into your member shopping account online before making a purchase on beallsflorida.com, you will earn points for your qualified purchase, as explained below. (see section 5. earning points). earning points: points can be earned by making qualified purchases in-store or online, by engaging with bealls on social media, or in other ways as determined by bealls, in its sole discretion, from time to time. 2 points = $1 net spend on qualified purchases made on the bealls florida credit card 1 point = $1 net spend on qualified purchases made with any other qualified form of payment "net spend" means purchases of goods and services made by you minus any returns, refunds, or credit adjustments. qualified purchases and returns are defined below (see section 6. qualifying purchases and returns). points are calculated at the item level and are rounded to the nearest whole number. qualifying purchases at the item level are rolled up for any qualifying purchase ending $0.50 or greater and rounded down for any item ending $0.49 or less. the program may offer certain benefits based on the member’s redeemable points balance (that is points that have not previously been redeemed for a reward). from time to time, bealls may establish (at its sole discretion) program criteria pursuant to which members may “earn” points (such as, for example: by providing more information online at the account center, by writing reviews on products purchased; by engaging in certain specified activities like watching videos; by engaging in certain specified activities related to social networks). if you provide your coast2coast rewards id (10-digit phone number) and/or use your bealls florida credit card at the time of completing an in-store purchase, the points on the purchase will be posted to your program account within 48 hours from the time your transaction was made. bealls will not make any adjustments to the number of points in your account after 30 days from the date of purchase as stated on the receipt. if you do not provide your coast2coast id (10-digit phone number) when completing your in-store purchase, you may request credit for your purchase within 30 days by calling bealls customer care at 800-569-9038 during business hours (monday – saturday, 9am-9pm; sunday 10am-8pm). you must have your receipt and be able to provide the transaction number located at the bottom of the receipt to receive credit. after we have confirmed your purchase was eligible to receive points and no points have already been awarded, and that no merchandise return has occurred, the appropriate number of points will be added to your program account. if you are logged in to your bealls florida shopping account at the time of your online purchase or engagement, the points earned on the purchase will be posted to your program account within 10 days of the purchase. members must be signed into their online account prior to completing a purchase at beallsflorida.com, to receive points for their purchase. for mail orders, special orders, online and other purchases, please be aware that we may not issue points to your account until items purchased have shipped. bealls reserves the right to make corrections to the number of points in your program account to ensure accuracy. member acknowledges and agrees that: points have no "real world" or cash value. points have no purpose or use except in exchange for benefits or privileges (if any) offered by bealls via the program. redemption offers may be time-limited or available only in limited quantities. member's points cannot be redeemed by or sold or otherwise transferred to any other member of this program. upon termination of member’s enrollment in the program for any reason, all points and unfulfilled rewards are forfeited to the extent permitted by law, regardless of how they were acquired by member. bealls’ ability to accurately credit points to member’s account based on member’s activities at social networking sites may be restricted by the terms, conditions or functions of such sites. it may also be restricted by a member’s own privacy settings on social media sites. points are not valid unless earned in strict compliance with the requirements as established and intended by bealls and member shall not attempt to earn points by any means (including without limitation, by using any script, bot or other automated means) that only simulates compliance with the applicable requirements. bealls’ good faith determination of the amount of points available to any member hereunder shall be final and binding. qualifying purchases and returns: points are only earned on select purchases (“qualifying purchases”). these include regular, sale, and clearance priced merchandise, redemption of gift cards/gift certificates, redemption of mall certificates, agency vouchers, redemption of virtual gift cards, and redemption of visa/mastercard/discover/american express gift cards. points are not earned on the amount of a purchase covered by a reward or program coupon (offer/discount sent to program members), promotional coupons, associate discount, purchase of gift cards/gift certificates, merchandise return card, charity donations, exchanges, voided returns, sales tax, state fees, shipping charges, surcharges, delivery charges, or other excluded charges specified by bealls from time to time. if you return merchandise and are identified as a program member, the points you earned from that purchase will be deducted from your current point total. we have the right to deduct points from your points balance for charges that were not or do not remain qualifying purchases. if your points balance goes negative, you must first earn points to bring points balance to zero before earning any points eligible for redemption. exchanges and voided returns are not considered qualifying, therefore, points are not affected during these types of transactions. if you make an exchange, you will not receive points nor lose points from the transaction. when you make a return and it is voided afterward, you will receive the prorated dollar amount indicated on the receipt, however, you will not receive your points back. point value and expiration: points earned have no cash value and may not be used as payment of any outstanding obligation to the bank or its affiliates or to bealls stores, inc. points expire on a rolling 12-month basis at the end of the 12th month in which they were earned. for example, if you earned points on october 1, 2016, and those points have not been applied towards a reward by october 31, 2017, those points will expire and be deducted from your account as of november 1, 2017. if the program is terminated by bealls stores, inc., if the customer opts out of the program, or if the customer is removed from the program, the points remaining in a member’s account will be forfeited. you will not receive any compensation or new points for your points that expire or are forfeited. coast2coast rewards: coast2coast rewards are one of the rewards bealls may offer as part of the program. coast2coast rewards are issued when you earn a specified number of points as stated below. points are calculated at the time you make a qualified transaction and if earned, a reward is issued. the reward is valid at 12:01 am on the next calendar day. there are rare occasions the system will be offline and the reward is issued and posted later, within 72 hours of the day earned. see below for reward structure. $5 reward = 200 points $10 reward = 400 points $15 reward = 600 points $20 reward = 800 points $25 reward = 1000 points $30 reward = 1200 points $35 reward = 1400 points $40 reward = 1600 points $45 reward = 1800 points $50 reward = 2000 points if you earn a coast2coast reward, bealls may notify you by email at the email address you provided at the time of enrollment in the program or have provided in your bealls florida shopping account. if you elect to not receive coast2coast rewards program emails, you will not receive a reward via email. you will be able to access your coast2coast reward in your bealls florida shopping account. coast2coast rewards members who do not have an email address will see the ‘new points balance on the purchase receipt. when the ‘new points balance’ is 200 or more, you will be issued a reward. the reward is valid at 12:01 am on the next calendar day. there are rare occasions the system will be offline and the reward is issued and posted later, within 72 hours of the day earned. rewards are valid for 60 days. your birthday reward will be available your entire birthday month, if you have provided a birthdate for your coast2coast rewards account. eligible rewards are shown to the sales associate at pos when identified as a coast2coast rewards member. we suggest that you add rewards@email.beallsflorida.com to your spam filter to ensure delivery. bealls has no responsibility for ensuring that you have received emails we send to you. bealls may also send you reminders to use your coast2coast reward before it expires or other promotional offers related to the program via email. *once a coast2coast reward is issued, the points used to obtain it will be deducted from your account. any points left in your account will be rolled over to the following month. any points balance higher/more than 2000 points (“excess points”) will be rolled over to the following month. redeeming coast2coast rewards: coast2coast rewards may only be redeemed at bealls stores, through a purchase at customer care or at beallsflorida.com. to redeem your coast2coast reward at a bealls store, you will need to present the coast2coast reward to the associate during the order/transaction. to redeem your coast2coast reward online, you will need to enter the reward barcode id into the promotion code box prior to completing the order. coast2coast reward cannot be used as payment on the bealls florida credit card account. coast2coast rewards may be combined with other bealls coupons, certificates, or offers toward the purchase of products. the redemption of coast2coast rewards is subject to the following terms and conditions: no cash value: coast2coast rewards have no cash value and are not redeemable for cash. each coast2coast reward may only be used once. no change or monetary currency will be given for coast2coast reward redemption. reward cannot be used as payment on the bealls florida credit card account. no partial redemptions: if the price of your purchase is greater than the amount of the coast2coast reward, you will need to pay the remaining cost of the product. if the price of your purchase is less than the amount of the coast2coast reward, the unused portion of the coast2coast reward will be forfeited. coast2coast reward amount cannot be used on charity donations, sales tax, state fees, shipping charges, surcharges, delivery charges, or other excluded charges. reissue of coast2coast rewards, program coupons or points upon return: return of a purchase where a reward(s) was redeemed will result in a reissuance of a reward return credit equal to the prorated amount of the reward(s) for the returned items. valid dates for the reissued reward(s) will match the expiration period of the original reward, unless it is within 14 days of the original reward expiration, in which case expiration will be 14 days from the date of reissuance. there is no reissue of a reward if the reward has expired at the time the return is processed. reissue of coast2coast rewards, unfulfilled online order: when an online purchase is made where a reward(s) was redeemed and the order cannot be fulfilled, there will be a reissuance of a reward return credit(s) equal to the prorated amount. valid dates for the reward return credit(s) will match the expiration period of the original reward(s), unless it is within 14 days of the original reward(s) expiration, in which case expiration will be 14 days from the date of reissuance. there is no reissue of a reward if the reward has expired at the time the return is processed. coast2coast reward and program coupon expiration: unless otherwise stated on the coast2coast reward, it will expire at 11:59 pm eastern time on the date reflected on the coast2coast reward (which will expire 61 days from date issued). birthday reward will expire at 11:59 pm eastern time on the date reflected on the coast2coast reward (which will expire 31 days from the date issued). additional exclusions: additional exclusions may be specified on the coast2coast reward or program coupon at the sole discretion of bealls. please see your reward or coupon for additional exclusions or restrictions. no replacement for lost or stolen coast2coast rewards or program coupons: lost, stolen, or expired coast2coast rewards or program coupons will not be replaced/reissued. redemption by member: points for qualifying purchases made at the time a coast2coast reward is redeemed for purchase amounts greater than the value of the coast2coast reward will be applied to the account of the member who is making the purchase. coast2coast rewards and program coupons are non-transferrable: coast2coast rewards and program coupons are non-transferrable and may not be combined among members or conveyed by any means to anyone, including to a member’s estate or the member’s successors and assigns. accrued program points, coast2coast rewards, and program coupons are not transferrable by the member upon death, as part of a domestic relations matter, or otherwise. other program benefits: coast2coast rewards day discount: loyalty members will receive a 10% discount on tuesdays, in store only. coast2coast rewards day discount may be combined with a new bealls credit card cardholders account activation discount when opened on tuesdays in store; subject to credit approval. employees are ineligible to participate in the coast2coast rewards day discount. some merchandise exclusions may apply. birthday discount: loyalty members will receive a birthday reward bonus redeemable in-store and online at www.beallsflorida.com, to be used on any one purchase transaction any one day of that member’s birth month if the guest has provided a birthdate with their loyalty account. the birthday reward bonus may be combined with other offers, unless otherwise specified by the bealls. special bonus offer: the program may offer certain benefits where members may have the opportunity to qualify for special bonus offers, eligibility of which is determined by bealls. bealls reserves the right to make promotional offers available to select members based on the guests purchase behavior. forums: the program may include discussion forums or other features, where members may upload, display or transmit user-generated content and other information of interest to those members (including without limitation, user content). because bealls does not review the substance of member postings on the program or other communications via the program, every member must be careful in dealing with other members to avoid fraud. member acknowledges that information provided by other members may, despite the prohibitions set forth in the terms, be harmful, inaccurate or deceptive. authentication of the true identity of internet users is difficult, and so bealls cannot and does not confirm that each member is the person who they claim to be. bealls is not involved in member-to-member dealings and, therefore, each member agrees, in connection with any use of the program: (a) to release and hold harmless bealls and their respective parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, members, partners and representatives from any and all claims, demands, damages and liabilities, of any type and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with use of the program (including any disputes with other members using the program); and (b) to attempt to settle any disputes directly with such other member or other third party. member rules and conduct: the program is provided to members only for their personal, noncommercial use. any unauthorized use of the program (including without limitation, accessing the rewards program or other aspect of the program for which the member is not authorized, or any commercial use not expressly permitted in the terms, such as, for example, reselling any content or information to third parties) is expressly prohibited. each member is solely responsible for all acts or omissions that occur under his/her account, username or password, including user content posted to or transmitted via the program. as a condition of use, each member hereby promises that he/she will not use the program for any purpose that is unlawful, commercial in nature (such as, for example, raising money for anyone, advertising or promoting any product, service, pyramid scheme or other venture) or prohibited by the terms of program or any other agreement, or any other purpose not reasonably intended by bealls. member agrees to abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws, regulations and rules. without limiting the foregoing, members shall not use the program for the purpose of money laundering, bid rigging, price fixing or other unlawful collusion, price signaling or exchange of competitively sensitive data or information. by way of example, and not limitation, each member agrees not to (a) take any action or (b) upload, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any user content (including text, communications, software, photographs, videos, sound recordings, data or other information) using any communications service, discussion forum, directory, survey, feedback or other service available on or through the program, in any manner, that: is unlawful, deceptive, misleading, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, harassing, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, profane or which otherwise violates the terms of program or any other agreement; infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, privacy right or other right of any party; reveals any personal information about another individual, including another person's name, address, phone number, email address, credit card information or any other information that could be used to track, contact or impersonate that person; constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail ("spamming"), chain letters or any form of lottery or gambling; imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on bealls’ computing, storage or communications infrastructure, or attempts to gain unauthorized access to the program, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the program, through password mining or otherwise; contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware or network system or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data or other information of bealls or any third party; creates member accounts by any automated means or under false or misleading pretenses; harvests, scrapes or collects any information from the program; disguises the source of member content posted by member; or impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of bealls, or other program affiliate. bealls may, at its sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate any member's access to the program should their conduct fail (or appear to fail) to strictly conform to any provision of this section. content: bealls has no obligation to monitor the program or any member’s use thereof. however, bealls reserves the right at any time and without notice to monitor, review, retain or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request or investigation (including law enforcement). bealls has no obligation to pre-screen, authenticate, validate, monitor, moderate or edit any member content. however, bealls and its agents have the right, at their sole discretion, to remove at any time any member content that, in bealls’ judgment, does not comply with the terms and conditions of the program or any other agreement or otherwise appears harmful, objectionable or inaccurate. bealls is not responsible for any failure or delay in removing any such content. member shall not post any confidential content or other proprietary information that it desires to or is under obligation to keep secret. third party sites: the program may permit members to access the program from, and to link from the program to other websites on the internet, including without limitation, the website affiliated with bealls and their partners. these other websites are not under bealls’ control, and member acknowledges and agrees that bealls is not responsible for the accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of the content or function of such websites. the inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement of the website by bealls or any association with its operators. additional or different terms and conditions may apply when members are accessing and using such other websites. participation in promotions of affiliates: any dealings by members, advertisers and other vendors (collectively, “program affiliates”) via the program, or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between the member and program affiliate or other third party. bealls is not responsible or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions.. proprietary rights: member acknowledges and agrees that the program and all content and materials created by or for bealls and made available on the program are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws, and bealls (and its licensors) shall own and retain all rights, titles and interests (including all intellectual property and proprietary rights) therein and thereto. unless and only to the extent expressly authorized by bealls, each member agrees not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works of the program or such content and materials. however, unless the program otherwise restricts the member from doing so, member may print or download a reasonable number of copies of the materials or content from the program for the member's personal, noncommercial purposes; provided, that member retains all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein. systematic retrieval of data or other content from the program by any member to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, database or directory is strictly prohibited without bealls’ express prior written permission. important: if member desires to make any use of any program content for any purpose other than personal, noncommercial reference, then member shall first secure permission from the owner of that content. reproducing, copying or distributing any content, materials or design elements from the program for any other purpose is strictly prohibited without bealls’ express prior written permission. attempting to access or use the program, content or materials for any purpose not expressly permitted in the terms of service is prohibited. license to bealls: by uploading, posting, submitting or otherwise distributing user content of any kind to the program, each member hereby: grants and agrees to grant to bealls and its affiliates and licensees a non-exclusive, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license (with right to sublicense) to use, reproduce, publicly display, publicly perform, adapt, collect, modify, delete from, distribute, transmit, promote and make derivative works of the member content, in any form, solely for the purposes of offering, providing, marketing and promoting the program and service (including without limitation, being exported under content sharing arrangements with other websites); and represents and warrants that all member content includes appropriate attribution to the copyright owner; and represents and warrants to bealls that member owns or otherwise controls all rights to such user content and that public disclosure and use of the user content by bealls (including without limitation, publishing content at the program) will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party; and acknowledges and agrees that the user content is intended to and will be made available to, and used by bealls and other members. important: member agrees that he or she will not contribute any user content unless member has all of the rights (including rights from the copyright owner) necessary to grant bealls the use license, and to satisfy all of the warranty requirements, described above. notwithstanding the foregoing, the program may provide each member with the ability to remove some or all of the user content posted to the program by such. following any such removal, bealls will use commercially reasonable efforts to discontinue any further display, performance and distribution of such member content by bealls at the program; provided, however, member acknowledges and agrees that bealls may continue using such user content in the same manner and for the same purposes as it did prior to removal of such content (such as, for example, content used in any advertising created prior to removal) and that bealls shall have no responsibility or liability in respect of any content that has been exported by bealls or shared with other members via the program or that has been downloaded or copied by members to other websites, systems and devices. disputes about program account ownership: in the event of a dispute over ownership of a program account, the account will belong to the authorized account holder of the 10-digit phone number on record. all decisions made by bealls concerning disputed account ownership are final and conclusive in each case. interpretation of program terms: bealls reserves the right to interpret and apply all policies and procedures contained in these terms. all decisions about the interpretation or application of these terms by bealls are final and conclusive in each case. abuse of the program: sale or barter of coast2coast rewards, program coupons, points, or other coupons, offers, or products is prohibited. members who fail to follow these terms or who engage in any other improper conduct as determined by bealls in its sole judgment may result in cancellation of the member’s coast2coast reward program account, including forfeitures of all points earned, and cancellation of unused coast2coast rewards and program coupons. bealls, in its sole discretion, and without limitation to our other rights and remedies, may prosecute abuse of the program to the fullest extent of the law. withdrawing from the program: you may cancel your membership or opt out of the program by calling bealls customer care at 800-569-9038 during business hours (monday-saturday, 9am-9pm; sunday 10am-8pm). you may cancel your membership or opt out of the program by going to your bealls florida shopping account, go to ‘preferences’ and select the ‘opt out of coast2coast rewards program.’ when you cancel your participation in the program, you will no longer earn points, nor will you receive any future communication from the program. upon cancellation, your membership will be deactivated and all remaining and unused points, coast2coast rewards, and program coupons will be forfeited. to opt back in or reactivate your account, you will need to contact bealls customer care. please note that reactivating your account will not reinstate any points you previously forfeited. intellectual property: the bealls logo, coast2coast rewards program logo, and other logos and taglines are the intellectual property of bealls. artwork, photography, and logos, including the logos and taglines used in conjunction with the coast2coast rewards program, on this website or in print, are copyrighted intellectual property of bealls. these logos and materials may not be used, reproduced, replicated or doctored in any manner without the express written consent of bealls. limited liability: neither party will be liable for any damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with your participation or membership in the program, including damages arising out of changes to or termination of the program. this is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties. to the extent permitted by law, the limitations on either party’s liability set forth herein shall apply whether for breach or repudiation of contract, or whether in tort, civil liability by way of negligence, gross negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. by agreeing to these terms, both parties willingly agree (or, if you are a minor, your parent or legal guardian willingly agrees) that they have relinquished their rights to seek these damages from the other party and that this is a reasonable allocation of risk. taxes: you are solely liable for any applicable federal, state, or local income, sales, use, or other taxes arising out of the accrual or use of points. consult your tax advisor concerning any tax consequences that may arise from your participation in the program. severability: if a court of competent jurisdiction or any government agency determines that any provision of these terms (other than any part of the arbitration provision) is void or unenforceable, that provision will continue to be enforceable to the extent permitted by that court or agency, and the remainder of that provision will no longer be considered as part of these terms. however, all other provisions will remain in full force and effect. governing law: these terms and conditions shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of florida without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. by becoming a program member, you knowingly and voluntarily submit to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in the appropriate state and federal court situated in manatee county, florida. you further agree that any cause of action arising under these terms and conditions shall be exclusively brought in such courts. you also agree that all disputes, claims, and causes of actions arising out of or in any way related to the program will be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action or representative action. changes: from time to time, bealls, in its sole discretion, may change these terms in accordance with applicable law, including any applicable notice requirements. bealls, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to terminate the program, change, limit, modify, or cancel any program rules regulations or benefits, or change the program’s terms, benefits, conditions of participation, and point levels, in whole or in part, at any time. these terms are separate and independent from the bealls florida credit card account agreement, which governs the use of the bealls florida credit card. in the event of any conflict between these terms and the bealls florida credit card agreement, these terms will control in any matter concerning the program. contacting you: you authorize us and our affiliates, agents, representatives, assigns and service providers (collectively, the “messaging parties”) to contact you by automated email systems in order to provide you with information about this agreement and your participation in the program, including without limitation information about program benefits. you authorize the messaging parties to make such contacts using any telephone numbers (including wireless, landline and voip numbers) or email addresses you supply to the messaging parties in connection with this agreement, your program participation or any other matter. you understand that anyone with access to your telephone or email account may listen to or read the messages the messaging parties leave or send you, and you agree that the messaging parties will have no liability for anyone accessing such messages. you further understand that, when you receive a telephone call or email, you may incur a charge from the company that provides you with telecommunications, wireless and/or internet services, and you agree that the messaging parties will have no liability for such charges. you expressly authorize the messaging parties to monitor and record your calls with the messaging parties. you understand that, at any time, you may withdraw your consent to receive calls to your cell phone or to receive artificial or prerecorded voice message system calls by calling bealls customer care at 800-569-9038 during business hours (monday-saturday, 9am-9pm; sunday 10am-8pm). to stop receiving emails from bealls regarding coast2coast rewards or other communications from bealls, you can follow the opt-out instructions included in your bealls florida shopping account preference center. individual arbitration of disputes: you (including for the purposes of this section, but not limited to, enrollees in the coast2coast rewards program) and bealls each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising from or relating to the program or these terms shall be resolved by individual binding arbitration, and not through litigation, unless the claim is properly filed in a small claims court on an individual basis. the arbitrator’s authority to resolve claims and make awards is limited to claims between you and us alone. furthermore, claims brought by you against us or by us against you, may not be joined or consolidated in arbitration with claims brought by or against someone other than you, unless agreed to in writing by all parties. no arbitration award or decision will have any preclusive effect as to issues or claims in any dispute with anyone who is not a named party to the arbitration. this means that neither of us will have the right to file or participate in any class action or representative action relating to the program, and that any arbitration proceedings will be limited to the claims between you and us. both you and we are giving up any right you and we may have had to a jury trial, and all other rights that you or we would have in court that are not available in arbitration. this arbitration provision is intended to apply as broadly as possible, and to include all parties and claims that would be included in a case brought in court. thus, the arbitration provision also requires arbitration as to any other corporate or natural persons who are parties to the claim, such as our corporate affiliates and vendors, and members of your family. the arbitration provision also applies to claims of every kind and nature, including but not limited to counterclaims, cross-claims and third-party claims, and claims based upon torts, statutes, regulations, common law and equity. however, any dispute over the validity, enforceability or scope of this arbitration provision shall be decided by a court, not an arbitrator. you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding by following the rules then in effect for either jams or the american arbitration association (aaa), as selected by the party commencing arbitration. for a copy of the rules, to file a claim or for other information, contact either jams (jamsadr.com or 800-352-5267) or aaa (adr.org or 800-778-7879). in addition to jams and aaa, claims may be referred to any other arbitration organization that is mutually agreed upon in writing by you and us, or to an arbitration organization or arbitrator(s) appointed pursuant to § 5 of the federal arbitration act (faa) as it may be amended, provided that any such organization and arbitrator(s) will enforce the terms of this arbitration provision. this arbitration provision is made concerning transactions involving interstate commerce and shall be governed by the faa. if there is a conflict between the applicable arbitration rules and this agreement, this agreement shall govern. the arbitrator shall apply applicable substantive law consistent with the faa and applicable statutes of limitations, shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law, and, at the timely request of either party, shall provide a brief written explanation of the basis for the decision. the arbitration proceeding shall not be governed by any federal or state rules of civil procedure or rules of evidence. the arbitrator shall take reasonable steps to preserve privacy and confidentiality. judgment on any arbitral award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. if there is an in-person arbitration hearing, it shall take place in the federal judicial district in the program area that is closest to your residence and contains a bealls store. you will be responsible for paying your share, if any, of arbitration fees, but only up to the amount of filing fees you would have paid to file a claim in the state or federal court closest to your residence. we will be responsible for any additional arbitration fees, even if we win the arbitration. if you do not want to be bound to the arbitration agreement in this section, you must opt out of it within 30 days of (a) enrolling in the coast2coast rewards program in-store or, (b) if you first become a member through online enrollment, when you complete the online enrollment process. to opt out of this arbitration agreement, you must send a letter or postcard to bealls headquarters, to the attention of the “marketing department, coast2coast rewards” and state that you do not want to be bound by this arbitration provision. the address is: 1806 38th avenue east, bradenton, fl 34208. this arbitration provision shall survive termination of the program or your coast2coast rewards program account and any bankruptcy by you or us. if any portion of this arbitration provision or this agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it shall not invalidate the remaining portions of this arbitration provision; provided, however, that the entire arbitration provision shall be invalidated if the requirement of arbitration solely on an individual (non-class) basis is deemed invalid or unenforceable. waiver: we can delay enforcing our rights under these terms without losing them. in addition, our failure to exercise our rights on any one occasion, or even on more than one occasion, does not constitute a waiver of our rights for any future occasion. all waivers must be in writing. complete agreement: these terms contain the entire understanding between you and us regarding the program. prior terms: these terms supersede all previously published terms in their entirety. for information about your account, these terms, or any other program-related questions, please visit our webpage at https://www.beallsflorida.com/rewards or contact bealls customer care by calling 800-569-9038 during business hours (monday-saturday 9am-9pm; sunday 10am-8pm). please retain a copy of these terms for your records and please check the beallsflorida.com web site frequently for any changes to these terms. cmc content name: mfes footer email sign up get inspired by your inbox the latest looks, the newest collections, flash sales, specials and more await subscribe to email subscribe → enter a valid email address the email address is already subscribed for sale alerts from beallsflorida.com cmc content name: signupsignin_modal_content_top earn rewards on every purchase online and in-store.get a $5 reward after your first purchase ships. member sign in sign in not a member? sign up learn more open sign in / sign up modal cmc content name: mfes_default_footer content 100420 call us mon - sat 9am - 6pm est sun 10am - 5pm est 800-569-9038 live chat mon - sat 9am - 6pm est sun 10am - 5pm est chat now email us tell us about your shopping experience email now myaccount my account my coast2coast rewards order history sign in create account coast2coast rewards customerservice track order faqs returns & exchanges shipping shopbealls today's ad coupons & deals gift cards store locator brand exclusions aboutbealls about us careers become an affiliate bealls floridacredit card apply and save! pay my bill my account my account my coast2coast rewards order history sign in create account coast2coast rewards customer service track order faqs returns & exchanges shipping shop bealls today's ad coupons & deals gift cards store locator brand exclusions about bealls about us careers become an affiliate bealls florida credit card apply and save! pay my bill we accept follow us earn points today, no matter how you pay! learn more bealls is a privately held company, rich in tradition, still owned by the founding family. founded in 1915, bealls stores now operates more than 70 store locations in the state of florida in addition to beallsflorida.com. bealls stores and beallsflorida.com are owned and operated by beall's stores, inc and beall's westgate corporation. site map privacy & security retailmeansjobs.org social responsibility statement accessibility bealls, inc. all rights reserved