来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231201659/https://www.beallsflorida.com/online/about-us
================================================================================

about bealls stores product comparison the maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. please refine your selection. ok this item has been successfully added to your list. continue shopping skip to site content cmc content name: mfes_headerbanner_s2s_todaysad_fs75 free ship to store – no minimum details this week's ad details free shipping on $75+ details cmc content name: mfes_bealls store logo_083020 searchsearch search search search please enter a valid search term close search bar stores sign in sign in to your account bag 0 items in bag search sign in sign in to your account shop cmc content name: mfes_mobile_topcats 8.11i release 122220 for home for home shop all bed & bath bed & bath shop all bedding comforter sets duvet covers quilts & bedspreads sheets decorative pillows blankets & throws kids bedding mattress pads & toppers pillows bath towels bath rugs bath accessories shower curtains shower hooks dining dining shop all barware dinnerware drinkware flatware serveware kitchen kitchen shop all cookware bakeware kitchen gadgets home décor home décor shop all accent furniture artificial trees & flowers candles & decorative holders clocks decorative pillows frames lamps mirrors rugs & mats wall art window treatments outdoor living outdoor living shop all patio decor beach gear coolers floats & rafts more for home more for home electronics gadgets gifts fitness & healthy living luggage & backpack women women shop all womens clothing womens clothing tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris activewear swimwear & cover- ups shrugs & cardigans sweaters jackets jeans & pants scrubs lingerie & sleepwear womens plus womens plus shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris activewear swimsuits & cover ups jackets jeans & pants contempory plus lingerie & sleepwear petite petite shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris cardigans & sweaters jackets jeans & pants lingerie & sleepwear lingerie & sleepwear shop all bras panties socks slips & camisoles sleepwear nightgowns & chemises kaftans & loungewear pajama sets robes slippers specialty shops specialty shops the scene wear 2 work swimwear golf shop men men shop all t-shirts & tanks t-shirts & tanks shop all athletic shirts t-shirts casual shirts casual shirts shop all casual long sleeve shirts casual short sleeve shirts polo shirts t-shirts shorts shorts shop all athletic shorts cargo shorts flat front shorts pleated shorts pants pants shop all jeans pants activewear activewear shop all athletic pants athletic shirts athletic shorts underwear & socks underwear & socks shop all socks underwear & undershirts accessories accessories shop all belts hats sunglasses wallets big & tall big & tall shop all shirts shorts jeans & pants sleepwear sleepwear shop all suits & sport coats suits & sport coats shop all swimwear swimwear shop all boardshorts mens rashguards swim shorts specialty shops specialty shops golf shop team shop juniors juniors shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts capris leggings skirts rompers & jumpsuits sweaters & jackets jeans & pants swimwear activewear kids kids shop all baby clothing baby clothing shop all baby boy clothes baby girl clothes baby girl (0-24m) baby girl (0-24m) shop all baby girl clothing sets baby girl layette sets baby girl sleepwear baby girl dresses bodysuits & one-piece baby girl tops baby girl bottoms baby boy (0-24m) baby boy (0-24m) shop all baby boy clothing sets baby boy layette sets baby boy sleepwear bodysuits & one-piece baby boy tops baby boy bottoms baby essentials baby essentials shop all girls clothing girls clothing shop all girls dresses toddler girls 2t-4t little girls 4-6x girls clothing 7-16 toddler girls 2t-4t toddler girls 2t-4t shop all girls 2t-4t sets girls 2t-4t shirts & tees girls 2t-4t shorts & skirts girls 2t-4t dresses girls 2t-4t sleepwear girls 2t-4t jeans & pants girls panties & socks toddler girls swimwear little girls 4-6x little girls 4-6x shop all girls 4-6x sets girls 4-6x shirts & tees girls 4-6x shorts & skirts girls 4-6x dresses girls 4-6x sleepwear girls 4-6x jeans & pants girls panties & socks girls swimwear big girls 7-16 big girls 7-16 shop all girls 7-16 shirts & tees girls 7-16 shorts & capris girls 7-16 skirts & scooters girls 7-16 dresses girls 7-16 jeans & pants girls 7-16 activewear girls 7-16 sleepwear girls bras & bralettes girls swimwear boys clothing boys clothing shop all toddler boys 2t-4t little boys 4-7x boys clothing 8-20 toddler boys 2t-4t toddler boys 2t-4t shop all boys 2t-4t sets boys 2t-4t shirts & tees boys 2t-4t shorts boys 2t-4t sleepwear boys underwear & socks toddler boys swimwear little boys 4-7x little boys 4-7x shop all boys 4-7x sets boys 4-7x shirts & tees boys 4-7x shorts boys 4-7x activewear boys 4-7x jeans & pants boys 4-7x sleepwear boys underwear & socks boys swimwear big boys 8-20 big boys 8-20 shop all boys 8-20 shirts & tees boys 8-20 shorts boys 8-20 activewear boys 8-20 jeans & pants boys 8-20 sleepwear boys underwear & socks boys swimwear specialty shops specialty shops toys character shop team shop shoes shoes shop all women's shoes women's shoes shop all athletic shoes casual sport sandals flip-flops boat shoes wedges heels & pumps boots loafers & oxfords flats slippers insoles & accessories wide width shoes mens shoes mens shoes shop all athletic shoes casual sport sandals flip flops boat shoes loafers oxfords slippers insoles & accessories wide width shoes kids shoes kids shoes shop all girls' boys' specialty shops specialty shops comfort shoe shoppe athletic shoe shop accessories accessories shop all handbags handbags shop all totes & satchels hobo bags crossbody bags & minibags clutches & wristlets beach bags wallets jewelry jewelry shop all necklaces pendants earrings bracelets rings jewelry sets watches fragrances fragrances shop all men's cologne women's perfume gift sets accessories accessories shop all hats scarves belts sunglasses clearance clearance shop all women's plus petite men's kids & toys juniors shoes accessories lingerie home store locator gift cards track order customer service for home cmc content name: mf_topcat_home 010621 new arrivals patio & outdoor outdoor dining patio decor patio furniture shop by activity beach exercise recreation home decor accent furniture candles decorative pillows home accents rugs & mats wall art window treatments bedroom comforters sheets quilts bathroom bathroom accessories bath rugs bath towels shower curtains dining dinnerware drinkware flatware kitchen bakeware cookware kitchen gadgets shops coastal shop flamingo shop nautical shop tropical shop more for home luggage & backpacks pet accessories storage & organization featured brands coastal home key lime lexi margaritaville nourison pfaltzgraff tervis tommy bahama clearance bed & bath cmc content name: mfes_topcat_bedbath 010621 new arrivals bedroom comforter sets decorative pillows duvet covers quilts & bedspreads sheets bedding basics blankets & throws mattress pads & toppers pillows kid's bedding bathroom bath accessories bath rugs bath towels shower curtains shower hooks more for home dining home accents home décor kitchen luggage & backpacks pet accessories storage & organization window treatments trends & shops coastal shop flamingo shop nautical shop tropical shop cooling perfect pillows featured brands avanti beautyrest coastal home creative bath madison park panama jack sealy tommy bahama clearance women cmc content name: mf_topcat_women 01062021 new arrivals shop categories activewear capris dresses & jumpsuits jackets jeans lingerie & sleepwear pants shorts skirts & skorts sweaters swimwear tops, tanks & tees shop by size petite plus size juniors trends graphic tees athleisure sets shop by activity golf swimming workout yoga accessories handbags jewelry shoes beauty bath & body fragrances skin care featured brands alfred dunner brisas caribbean joe champion columbia coral bay democracy dept 222 gloria vanderbilt hearts of palm lee leoma lovegrove lillie green paradise bay reel legends under armour face masks clearance lingerie cmc content name: mf_topcat_lingerie 010621 new arrivals shop categories bras panties sleepwear & robes slippers socks specialty shops bridal shop plus size sleepwear bra fit guide bras comfort full figure underwire wireless panties bikinis & hipsters briefs hi-cut sleepwear nightgowns & chemises pajama sets robes featured brands bali cool girl coral bay echo ellen tracy hue jaclyn intimates jockey karen neuburger maidenform playtex vanity fair warner's men cmc content name: mfes_topcat_men (1) new arrivals shop categories activewear button down shirts dress shirts graphic tees hoodies & sweatshirts jackets jeans pajamas & sleepwear pants polo shirts shoes shorts swimwear t-shirts & tanks underwear & socks big & tall accessories belts hats sunglasses wallets shops golf shop outdoor shop sun protection surf shop team shop vacation shop shop by activity golf fishing swimming workout featured brands champion columbia cubavera dockers guy harvey haggar izod lee levis pga tour reel legends salt life under armour wrangler face masks clearance juniors cmc content name: mfes_topcat_juniors 010121 new arrivals shop categories dresses jeans & pants leggings rompers & jumpsuits shorts skirts sleepwear sweaters & jackets swimwear tops, tanks & tees shops surf shop team shop accessories beauty handbags hats jewelry shoes sunglasses featured brands billabong chubby mermaids loco skailz o'neill reel legends roxy salt life simply southern unionbay ymi face masks clearance kids cmc content name: mf_topcat_kids 010121 new arrivals baby baby girl (0-24m) baby boy (0-24m) baby essentials boys toddler boys (2t-4t) little boys (4-7x) big boys (8-20) boys' shoes girls toddler girls (2t-4t) little girls (4-6x) big girls (7-16) girls' shoes shop categories activewear dresses jackets & hoodies jeans & pants sets shirts & tees shorts & capris sleepwear socks & underwear swimwear toys kids' shops character shop team shop toy shop kids' shoes featured brands carter's columbia chubby mermaids lego melissa & doug reel legends simply southern sunshine baby under armour face masks clearance shoes cmc content name: mf_topcat_shoes 010621 new arrivals sandals women's sandals men's sandals girls' sandals boys' sandals shop by activity golf pickleball tennis running shops athletic shoe shop comfort shoe shoppe contemporary shoe shop shop women's shoes athletic shoes boat shoes comfort fashion sneakers flats sandals slippers shop men's shoes athletic shoes boat shoes comfort sandals slippers work shop kids' shoes girls' boys' featured brands asics clarks crocs easy spirit fila italian shoemakers keds lifestride new balance nike propet reel legends ryka skechers spring step under armour vionic clearance active lifestyle cmc content name: mf_topcat_active_lifestyle 110120 shop by activity beach fishing games & fun golf surf swimming tennis & pickleball workout yoga shop by technology anti-microbial moisture wicking quick dry sun protection men jackets pants shirts shorts swimwear women dresses plus shorts skirts & skorts tanks, tops & tees swimwear kids boys girls featured brands brisas champion columbia lillie green loco skailz nike pga tour reel legends salt life under armour swimwear cmc content name: mf_topcat_swimwear 011221 shop by size womens plus juniors kids mens womens swimwear mix & match one piece cover ups juniors swimwear bandeau tops halter tops triangle tops hipster bottoms side tie bottoms mens swimwear boardshorts swim shorts kids swimwear baby boys girls flip flops womens mens kids beach essentials beach chairs beach gear coolers hats sunglasses towels umbrellas clearance cmc content name: mf_topcat_clearance 041019 for the home bed & bath home decor womens petite plus mens juniors kids shoes & sandals accessories & jewelry lingerie more shop more categories cmc content name: mf_es_shipping_msg_fs_defaultcontent 0824 you are xxx away from free shippingor choose free ship to store delivery in checkout cmc content name: mf_es_proximity_free_shipping_content 0824 you qualify for free shipping! privacy & security online privacy & security effective date: january 1, 2020 privacy version 1.01 about ssl certificates application of privacy policy thank you for shopping at www.beallsflorida.com. this privacy policy ("policy") applies to www.beallsflorida.com ("site"). it describes what types of information bealls, inc. ("bealls") collects from online customers and how this information may be used and shared. by shopping on www.beallsflorida.com, you agree to the terms of this policy. types of information we collect information you provide when you interact with bealls we collect information, including personal information, from you in a variety of ways when you interact with bealls through our site. examples of the types of information we may collect include your name, home address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, purchase and order information, and demographic information. you may provide such information, for instance, when: you make an online purchase; you create a personalized beallsflorida.com shopping account for your convenience; you use our online order tracking; you sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts); you sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club; you provide your contact information and product preferences; you participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests and/or surveys or focus groups; you use the ratings & reviews or related services and features; or you submit a request to our customer service team. information collected automatically in addition to information you provide directly, we may collect certain information using automated means such as cookies, web beacons, and web server logs. we may combine this automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, as described below. examples of the types of information we may collect automatically include ip addresses, location information, mobile device identifiers, browser characteristics, and site traffic and navigational information. cookies a cookie is a small text file sent by a website that is stored on your hard drive by your computer's browser. this site uses two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. we use session cookies, for example, to add items to your shopping bag. persistent cookies last from visit to visit and do not go away when you exit your browser. we use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to streamline your website navigation. for example, we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed on the site. managing cookies varies from browser to browser, so please refer to your browser for further information. if you prefer, you usually can set your browser to remove or reject cookies. please be aware that if you block cookies you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features on the site. information from other sources we may receive information about you from other sources and combine that information with information we collect about you through the site. for instance, we obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information, such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers. we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties, or how such third parties collect, use, or share such information. our third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to beallsflorida.com or other websites. third party advertising cookies tailor your advertisements based on your visit to our beallsflorida.com and/or other sites on the internet. users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting the following links: google- this link allows you to opt-out of google specific advertising ads setting or www.aboutads.info how we use your information we may use information about you for various purposes, including: enhancing your online shopping experience with bealls; processing purchases and other transactions; providing customer service, and following up on order questions and concerns; communicating with you about products, services, promotions, offers, and other news and information we think will be of interest to you; analyzing usage of, modifying, or improving the site or other websites; contacting you regarding your use of the site and, in our discretion, changes to our policies; preventing fraudulent activity and monitoring against threats; and carrying out any business function or other purpose as disclosed in this policy or at the time you provide information to us. how we share your information internally: we may share your information within bealls, inc., including with our affiliates. service providers: we provide your information to companies that provide support services to bealls, including, but not limited to, printers, marketing providers, analytics companies, web hosting providers, contest and survey administrators, call center service providers, payment processors, fulfillment and logistics vendors and data verification providers. we may also share your personal information with third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business, such as bealls charge. legal or safety requirements: bealls may disclose information about you in response to a legal order or request, or based upon our good faith belief that the disclosure is required or permitted by law. we also may disclose your information to protect users of our site or the site itself, to protect the public or to otherwise protect and defend the rights, property, security, safety of any party, or to protect our business interests. other disclosures: we may disclose your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, acquisition, or other transaction of all or any of our assets to another company. we also may share your information for any purpose listed elsewhere in this policy, or as disclosed to you at the time the information was collected, or with your consent. analytics and online tracking we use third-party service providers such as google analytics, to assist us in better understanding how visitors use the site. these providers place cookies on visitors' computers to collect information about how visitors navigate the site, what products are browsed, and aggregate purchasing and other information. the information collected for this purpose is disclosed to, or directly collected by, these service providers. to learn more about opting out of data collection through google analytics, click here. we and our third-party advertising vendors also use first- and third- party cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads on the site and other websites based upon a user's past visits to our site and other websites, and to report upon how bealls ad impressions and other ad services are related to the site. we may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you. this combined information may be used by our third-party advertising vendors for interest-based advertising (also called "online behavioral advertising") on the site and other websites across the internet in order to personalize your online experience, improve our site and other websites, and to tailor bealls and other companies' marketing to you. to learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising, click here. note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "do not track" signal to websites and online services you visit. there is no consensus among industry participants as to what "do not track" means in this context. like many websites and online services, this site is not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers. to find out more about "do not track," you may wish to visit https://www.allaboutdnt.com. children under 13 the site is not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under the age of 13. if we learn that we have received such information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete the information. email to stop receiving advertising emails from bealls, you may click the unsubscribe button in an email that you receive from us. security bealls uses appropriate safeguards to help protect the information you provide to bealls online. although bealls uses reasonable efforts to secure information, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information collected through the site. if you cannot access the secure server, you may place your order by telephone at 800-569-9038, monday-saturday 9-9 or sunday 10-8 est. california privacy rights the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) of 2018 takes effect on january 1, 2020. this legislation grants the following rights to california customers: the right to request (no more than twice in a 12-month period) to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information were collected, used, shared or sold by us in the preceding 12 months. the right to delete personal information held by us in the preceding 12 months and by extension, our service providers; the right to non-discrimination in terms of price or service when a customer exercises a privacy right under ccpa. when submitting a request, your identity will be verified by matching your last name, phone number and email address to the information we already possess. how do i request to know the personal information you hold about me? if you wish us to provide a copy of this information, you may submit a request here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to know my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to produce the requested information. the request will provide information from all bealls entities. how do i request to delete the personal information you hold about me? to request your personal information be permanently deleted expresses your intention to fully remove both your user account and any existing information held by all bealls entities. this cannot be undone, and we won’t be able to recover any of your data, including your saved lists and sale alerts in the future. note that in permanently deleting your personal information you relinquish the following benefits: access to special offers and discounts beyond those available on beallsflorida.com and all bealls sites. ability to enroll in bealls coast 2 coast loyalty program, access to any of the special savings benefits, point accumulation for dollar off rewards, or access to rewards at checkouts/registers. receive sale email alerts from all bealls entities ability to create or maintain a beallsflorida shopping account or access your saved shipping addresses create and share wish lists with others if you wish us to remove your personal information, you may submit a request to be permanently deleted here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to delete my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to delete your personal information. for more information, click here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. contact information if you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may click here to contact us. our mailing address is: bealls department stores attention: customer care p.o. box 25207 bradenton, fl 34206-5207 updates to this policy as we continue to offer new and different types of content and services, bealls may modify this policy. should there be a material change to our information practices, it will be applied on a go-forward basis, and we will notify you by updating the date at the beginning of this policy. bealls encourages you to review this policy each time you visit this site. this website uses cookies to improve user experience and track anonymous site usage. by continuing to use this site or closing this banner, you accept the use of cookies. click here to read more about how we use cookies. =close and accept the use of cookies cmc espot name: aboutus_es cmc content name: mfes_about us 083020 about us bealls inc. is a privately held company, rich in tradition, still owned by the founding family. founded in 1915, bealls includes over 500 stores and beallsflorida.com. bealls is the destination of choice for casual lifestyle and priced-right apparel and home merchandise. bealls stores and beallsflorida.com, are owned and operated by beall's stores, inc. and beall's westgate corporation. bealls inc. is not affiliated with stage stores. history of bealls our companies our brands a century of history the dollar limit in 1915, robert m. beall, age 22, opened a dry goods store in bradentown, fl on the banks of the manatee river. at that time, the pioneer town had a population of just over 3,000 people and was most easily reached by steamboat from tampa. beall spent his entire investment of $2,500 on stock, so he over-turned wooden packing crates that his goods arrived in and used them for display tables! nothing was priced over $1.00, so he named his store the dollar limit. v ("five") dollar limit following world war i, inflation pushed up prices and in 1920, he changed the name of the store to the v (five) dollar limit. as his business grew, he bought his own property and in 1924, built a larger store a few blocks away on manatee avenue. during the depression, he lost his store to the bank but continued to operate it. in 1944, he was able to repurchase the company. 1940s - beall's department stores in 1940, robert beall's son, e.r., joined the family business after graduating from the university of florida. in 1946, after serving in the army, e.r. rejoined his father. that year they changed the name to beall's department store. robert beall ran the original downtown store until just a few months before his death, at age 86. the original store continued to operate until 1987 when it was torn down for new construction. the proceeds from the sale of the building were used to establish the r.m. beall, sr. charitable foundation in support of youth and education. 1950s - expansion florida experienced explosive growth during the 1950s. americans were more mobile than ever before and air conditioning transformed southern living. e.r. foresaw the company's future growth in the new shopping centers serving middle income retirees who were flocking to florida. in 1956, the first expansion store was opened in bradenton. the third store followed in venice, fl in 1961. the following year, sales passed the million dollar mark for the first time. 1970s - a decade of growth in 1970, e.r.'s son, robert m. beall, ii (bob) joined the business after completing his military service and earning an mba at new york university. the first three generations were active in the company until the death of robert, sr. in 1979. in 1980, when bob beall assumed the presidency, the chain had grown to $38 million in annual sales. the family tradition continued when bob's son matt beall joined the company in 2004, marking the fourth generation. 1980s - an outlet is born in 1987, beall's outlet was born when chairman e.r. beall conceptualized the new chain in response to the boom he observed in outlet retailing in the carolinas. in 1992, beall's outlet opened a store in arizona, its first location outside the state of florida. today under the name of beall’s outlet and burke's outlet, the off-price stores continue their rapid growth, numbering over 450 locations in 17 states. bealls today today, bealls surpasses a billion dollars in sales annually with over 500 stores and beallsflorida.com. featuring exclusive brands and fashions especially chosen for sunbelt climates, we are the source of choice for lifestyle-right and priced-right apparel and home goods. a century after opening our doors, bealls continues to serve our communities with the spirit of pride and appreciation first shown by robert m. beall back in 1915. cmc content name: mfes footer email sign up get inspired by your inbox the latest looks, the newest collections, flash sales, specials and more await subscribe to email subscribe → enter a valid email address the email address is already subscribed for sale alerts from beallsflorida.com cmc content name: signupsignin_modal_content_top earn rewards on every purchase online and in-store.get a $5 reward after your first purchase ships. member sign in sign in not a member? sign up learn more open sign in / sign up modal cmc content name: mfes_default_footer content 100420 call us mon - sat 9am - 6pm est sun 10am - 5pm est 800-569-9038 live chat mon - sat 9am - 6pm est sun 10am - 5pm est chat now email us tell us about your shopping experience email now myaccount my account my coast2coast rewards order history sign in create account coast2coast rewards customerservice track order faqs returns & exchanges shipping shopbealls today's ad coupons & deals gift cards store locator brand exclusions aboutbealls about us careers become an affiliate bealls floridacredit card apply and save! pay my bill my account my account my coast2coast rewards order history sign in create account coast2coast rewards customer service track order faqs returns & exchanges shipping shop bealls today's ad coupons & deals gift cards store locator brand exclusions about bealls about us careers become an affiliate bealls florida credit card apply and save! pay my bill we accept follow us earn points today, no matter how you pay! learn more bealls is a privately held company, rich in tradition, still owned by the founding family. founded in 1915, bealls stores now operates more than 70 store locations in the state of florida in addition to beallsflorida.com. bealls stores and beallsflorida.com are owned and operated by beall's stores, inc and beall's westgate corporation. site map privacy & security retailmeansjobs.org social responsibility statement accessibility bealls, inc. all rights reserved