来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231201659/https://www.beallsflorida.com/online/privacy-security
================================================================================

bealls privacy policy product comparison the maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. please refine your selection. ok this item has been successfully added to your list. continue shopping skip to site content cmc content name: mfes_headerbanner_s2s_todaysad_fs75 free ship to store – no minimum details this week's ad details free shipping on $75+ details cmc content name: mfes_bealls store logo_083020 searchsearch search search search please enter a valid search term close search bar stores sign in sign in to your account bag 0 items in bag search sign in sign in to your account shop cmc content name: mfes_mobile_topcats 8.11i release for home for home shop all bed & bath bed & bath shop all bedding comforter sets duvet covers quilts & bedspreads sheets decorative pillows blankets & throws kids bedding mattress pads & toppers pillows bath towels bath rugs bath accessories shower curtains shower hooks dining dining shop all barware dinnerware drinkware flatware serveware kitchen kitchen shop all cookware bakeware kitchen gadgets home décor home décor shop all accent furniture artificial trees & flowers candles & decorative holders clocks decorative pillows frames lamps mirrors rugs & mats wall art window treatments outdoor living outdoor living shop all patio decor beach gear coolers floats & rafts more for home more for home electronics gadgets gifts fitness & healthy living luggage & backpack women women shop all womens clothing womens clothing tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris activewear swimwear & cover- ups shrugs & cardigans sweaters jackets jeans & pants scrubs lingerie & sleepwear womens plus womens plus shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris activewear swimsuits & cover ups jackets jeans & pants contempory plus lingerie & sleepwear petite petite shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts skirts & skorts capris cardigans & sweaters jackets jeans & pants lingerie & sleepwear lingerie & sleepwear shop all bras panties socks slips & camisoles sleepwear nightgowns & chemises kaftans & loungewear pajama sets robes slippers specialty shops specialty shops the scene wear 2 work swimwear golf shop men men shop all t-shirts & tanks t-shirts & tanks shop all athletic shirts t-shirts casual shirts casual shirts shop all casual long sleeve shirts casual short sleeve shirts polo shirts t-shirts shorts shorts shop all athletic shorts cargo shorts flat front shorts pleated shorts pants pants shop all jeans pants activewear activewear shop all athletic pants athletic shirts athletic shorts underwear & socks underwear & socks shop all socks underwear & undershirts accessories accessories shop all belts hats sunglasses wallets big & tall big & tall shop all shirts shorts jeans & pants sleepwear sleepwear shop all suits & sport coats suits & sport coats shop all swimwear swimwear shop all boardshorts mens rashguards swim shorts specialty shops specialty shops golf shop team shop juniors juniors shop all tops, tanks & tees dresses shorts capris leggings skirts rompers & jumpsuits sweaters & jackets jeans & pants swimwear activewear kids kids shop all baby clothing baby clothing shop all baby boy clothes baby girl clothes baby girl (0-24m) baby girl (0-24m) shop all baby girl clothing sets baby girl layette sets baby girl sleepwear baby girl dresses bodysuits & one-piece baby girl tops baby girl bottoms baby boy (0-24m) baby boy (0-24m) shop all baby boy clothing sets baby boy layette sets baby boy sleepwear bodysuits & one-piece baby boy tops baby boy bottoms baby essentials baby essentials shop all girls clothing girls clothing shop all girls dresses toddler girls 2t-4t little girls 4-6x girls clothing 7-16 toddler girls 2t-4t toddler girls 2t-4t shop all girls 2t-4t sets girls 2t-4t shirts & tees girls 2t-4t shorts & skirts girls 2t-4t dresses girls 2t-4t sleepwear girls 2t-4t jeans & pants girls panties & socks toddler girls swimwear little girls 4-6x little girls 4-6x shop all girls 4-6x sets girls 4-6x shirts & tees girls 4-6x shorts & skirts girls 4-6x dresses girls 4-6x sleepwear girls 4-6x jeans & pants girls panties & socks girls swimwear big girls 7-16 big girls 7-16 shop all girls 7-16 shirts & tees girls 7-16 shorts & capris girls 7-16 skirts & scooters girls 7-16 dresses girls 7-16 jeans & pants girls 7-16 activewear girls 7-16 sleepwear girls bras & bralettes girls swimwear boys clothing boys clothing shop all toddler boys 2t-4t little boys 4-7x boys clothing 8-20 toddler boys 2t-4t toddler boys 2t-4t shop all boys 2t-4t sets boys 2t-4t shirts & tees boys 2t-4t shorts boys 2t-4t sleepwear boys underwear & socks toddler boys swimwear little boys 4-7x little boys 4-7x shop all boys 4-7x sets boys 4-7x shirts & tees boys 4-7x shorts boys 4-7x activewear boys 4-7x jeans & pants boys 4-7x sleepwear boys underwear & socks boys swimwear big boys 8-20 big boys 8-20 shop all boys 8-20 shirts & tees boys 8-20 shorts boys 8-20 activewear boys 8-20 jeans & pants boys 8-20 sleepwear boys underwear & socks boys swimwear specialty shops specialty shops uniforms backpacks toys character shop team shop shoes shoes shop all women's shoes women's shoes shop all athletic shoes casual sport sandals flip-flops boat shoes wedges heels & pumps boots loafers & oxfords flats slippers insoles & accessories wide width shoes mens shoes mens shoes shop all athletic shoes casual sport sandals flip flops boat shoes loafers oxfords slippers insoles & accessories wide width shoes kids shoes kids shoes shop all girls' boys' specialty shops specialty shops comfort shoe shoppe athletic shoe shop accessories accessories shop all handbags handbags shop all totes & satchels hobo bags crossbody bags & minibags clutches & wristlets beach bags wallets jewelry jewelry shop all necklaces pendants earrings bracelets rings jewelry sets watches fragrances fragrances shop all men's cologne women's perfume gift sets accessories accessories shop all hats scarves belts sunglasses toy shop toy shop shop all action figures activity & craft sets beach & outdoor toys building sets dolls dress up & costumes games & puzzles kitchen & playsets learning & education plush & stuffed animals preschool toys remote control cars toy vehicles & sets holiday holiday shop all gifts for her gifts for him gifts for juniors gifts for kids gifts for the home pet lover clearance clearance shop all women's plus petite men's kids & toys juniors shoes accessories lingerie home store locator gift cards track order customer service for home cmc content name: mf_topcat_home 110120 new arrivals holiday at home holiday bath holiday decor ornaments holiday collections aquatica falamingo holly jolly icicles & seashells sunshine state trends & shops coastal shop flamingo nautical shop tropical shop bedroom comforters sheets quilts bathroom bathroom accessories bath rugs bath towels shower curtains dining dinnerware drinkware flatware kitchen bakeware cookware kitchen gadgets home decor accent furniture decorative pillows rugs & mats wall art window treatments more for home luggage & backpacks outdoor essentials patio & outdoor living featured brands farberware key lime lexi margaritaville mikassa nourison pfaltzgraff rachael ray tervis tommy bahama bed & bath cmc content name: mfes_topcat_bedbath 110120 new arrivals trends cooling modern textures new looks perfect pillows bedroom comforter sets decorative pillows duvet covers kids bedding quilts & bedspreads sheets kid's bedding comforters & quilts sheets bedding basics blankets & throws mattress pads & toppers pillows bathroom bath accessories bath rugs bath towels shower curtains shower hooks storage & organization more for home dining home décor kitchen luggage & backpacks window treatments trends & shops coastal shop flamingo shop nautical shop tropical shop featured brands avanti beautyrest coastal home creative bath harbor house madison park panama jack sealy serta tommy bahama women cmc content name: mf_topcat_women 110120 new arrivals trends holiday tees graphic tees athleisure sets shop by activity golf pickleball running tennis workout yoga shop by size petite plus size juniors shop categories activewear capris dresses & jumpsuits jackets jeans & pants lingerie & sleepwear shorts skirts & skorts sweaters swimwear tops, tanks & tees accessories handbags jewelry shoes beauty bath & body fragrances skin care featured brands alfred dunner brisas caribbean joe champion columbia coral bay dept 222 gloria vanderbilt hearts of palm lee leoma lovegrove lillie green nike reel legends sami & jo under armour zac & rachel clearance lingerie cmc content name: mf_topcat_lingerie 110120 new arrivals trends bridal shop comfort bras nursing shop categories bras panties sleepwear & robes slips & camisoles socks bra fit guide bras full figure underwire wireless panties bikinis & hipsters briefs hi-cut sleepwear nightgowns & chemises pajama sets robes slippers specialty shops bridal plus size sleepwear featured brands bali cool girl coral bay ellen tracy hue jaclyn intimates jockey leoma lovegrove maidenform playtex vanity fair warner's men cmc content name: mfes_topcat_men 110120 new arrivals shop by activity golf fishing workout swimwear boardshorts rashguards swim shorts shop categories accessories activewear jeans pajamas & sleepwear pants polo shirts shoes shorts swimwear t-shirts & tanks underwear & socks featured brands champion columbia dockers golf america guy harvey haggar izod lee loco skailz levis nike pelagic pga tour rb3 active reel legends salt life under armour wrangler clearance juniors cmc content name: mfes_topcat_juniors 110120 new arrivals trends graphic tees tie dye specialty shops team shop surf shop shop categories dresses jeans & pants leggings rompers & jumpsuits shorts & capris skirts sleepwear sweaters & jackets swimwear tops, tanks & tees accessories handbags hats jewelry shoes featured brands a. byer billabong chubby mermaids derek heart loco skailz o'neill reel legends roxy salt life simply southern unionbay ymi kids cmc content name: mf_topcat_kids 110120 new arrivals baby baby girl (0-24m) baby boy (0-24m) baby essentials boys toddler boys (2t-4t) little boys (4-7x) big boys (8-20) boys' shoes girls toddler girls (2t-4t) little girls (4-6x) big girls (7-16) girls' shoes kids' clothing activewear dresses jackets & hoodies jeans & pants sets shirts & tees shorts & capris sleepwear socks & underwear swimwear kids' shops character shop school uniforms toy shop kids' shoes featured brands carter's columbia converse chubby mermaids just born lego levi's lucky brand melissa & doug nautica reel legends simply southern sunshine baby under armour shoes cmc content name: mf_topcat_shoes 110120 new arrivals shops athletic shoe shop comfort shoe shoppe contemporary shoe shop shop by activity golf pickleball tennis running sandals women's sandals men's sandals girls' sandals boys' sandals shop women's shoes athletic shoes boat shoes boots comfort fashion sneakers flats sandals slippers shop men's shoes athletic shoes boat shoes comfort sandals slippers shop kids' shoes girls' boys' featured brands asics clarks coral bay crocs dept 222 easy spirit fila new balance nike reel legends ryka skechers sperry spring step vionic xoxo clearance active lifestyle cmc content name: mf_topcat_active_lifestyle 110120 shop by activity beach fishing games & fun golf surf swimming tennis & pickleball workout yoga shop by technology anti-microbial moisture wicking quick dry sun protection men jackets pants shirts shorts swimwear women dresses plus shorts skirts & skorts tanks, tops & tees swimwear kids boys girls featured brands brisas champion columbia lillie green loco skailz nike pga tour reel legends salt life under armour toy shop cmc content name: mf_topcat_toys shop by age ages 0-2 ages 3-4 ages 5-7 ages 8+ character shop disney princess lego toy story shop by category action figures activity & craft sets beach & outdoor toys building sets dolls dress up & costumes learning & education plush & stuffed animals remote control cars toy vehicles & sets featured brands melissa & doug lego hasbro disney gift cards holiday cmc content name: mf_topcat_holiday gifts toy shop hasbro lego melissa & doug holiday collections aquatica falamingo holly jolly icicles & shells naughty pets sunshine state holiday at home bath accessories decor holiday prep ornaments stockings & holders gifts for everyone gifts for her gifts for him gifts for juniors gifts for kids gifts for home pet lover shop categories accessories beauty fragrance jewelry sleepwear & slippers team shop fam jams bear fam jams sandy christmas fam jams flamingo fam jams elf fam jams gift cards more shop more categories cmc content name: mf_es_shipping_msg_fs_defaultcontent 0824 you are xxx away from free shippingor choose free ship to store delivery in checkout cmc content name: mf_es_proximity_free_shipping_content 0824 you qualify for free shipping! privacy & security online privacy & security effective date: january 1, 2020 privacy version 1.01 about ssl certificates application of privacy policy thank you for shopping at www.beallsflorida.com. this privacy policy ("policy") applies to www.beallsflorida.com ("site"). it describes what types of information bealls, inc. ("bealls") collects from online customers and how this information may be used and shared. by shopping on www.beallsflorida.com, you agree to the terms of this policy. types of information we collect information you provide when you interact with bealls we collect information, including personal information, from you in a variety of ways when you interact with bealls through our site. examples of the types of information we may collect include your name, home address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, purchase and order information, and demographic information. you may provide such information, for instance, when: you make an online purchase; you create a personalized beallsflorida.com shopping account for your convenience; you use our online order tracking; you sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts); you sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club; you provide your contact information and product preferences; you participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests and/or surveys or focus groups; you use the ratings & reviews or related services and features; or you submit a request to our customer service team. information collected automatically in addition to information you provide directly, we may collect certain information using automated means such as cookies, web beacons, and web server logs. we may combine this automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, as described below. examples of the types of information we may collect automatically include ip addresses, location information, mobile device identifiers, browser characteristics, and site traffic and navigational information. cookies a cookie is a small text file sent by a website that is stored on your hard drive by your computer's browser. this site uses two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. we use session cookies, for example, to add items to your shopping bag. persistent cookies last from visit to visit and do not go away when you exit your browser. we use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to streamline your website navigation. for example, we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed on the site. managing cookies varies from browser to browser, so please refer to your browser for further information. if you prefer, you usually can set your browser to remove or reject cookies. please be aware that if you block cookies you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features on the site. information from other sources we may receive information about you from other sources and combine that information with information we collect about you through the site. for instance, we obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information, such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers. we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties, or how such third parties collect, use, or share such information. our third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to beallsflorida.com or other websites. third party advertising cookies tailor your advertisements based on your visit to our beallsflorida.com and/or other sites on the internet. users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting the following links: google- this link allows you to opt-out of google specific advertising ads setting or www.aboutads.info how we use your information we may use information about you for various purposes, including: enhancing your online shopping experience with bealls; processing purchases and other transactions; providing customer service, and following up on order questions and concerns; communicating with you about products, services, promotions, offers, and other news and information we think will be of interest to you; analyzing usage of, modifying, or improving the site or other websites; contacting you regarding your use of the site and, in our discretion, changes to our policies; preventing fraudulent activity and monitoring against threats; and carrying out any business function or other purpose as disclosed in this policy or at the time you provide information to us. how we share your information internally: we may share your information within bealls, inc., including with our affiliates. service providers: we provide your information to companies that provide support services to bealls, including, but not limited to, printers, marketing providers, analytics companies, web hosting providers, contest and survey administrators, call center service providers, payment processors, fulfillment and logistics vendors and data verification providers. we may also share your personal information with third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business, such as bealls charge. legal or safety requirements: bealls may disclose information about you in response to a legal order or request, or based upon our good faith belief that the disclosure is required or permitted by law. we also may disclose your information to protect users of our site or the site itself, to protect the public or to otherwise protect and defend the rights, property, security, safety of any party, or to protect our business interests. other disclosures: we may disclose your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, acquisition, or other transaction of all or any of our assets to another company. we also may share your information for any purpose listed elsewhere in this policy, or as disclosed to you at the time the information was collected, or with your consent. analytics and online tracking we use third-party service providers such as google analytics, to assist us in better understanding how visitors use the site. these providers place cookies on visitors' computers to collect information about how visitors navigate the site, what products are browsed, and aggregate purchasing and other information. the information collected for this purpose is disclosed to, or directly collected by, these service providers. to learn more about opting out of data collection through google analytics, click here. we and our third-party advertising vendors also use first- and third- party cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads on the site and other websites based upon a user's past visits to our site and other websites, and to report upon how bealls ad impressions and other ad services are related to the site. we may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you. this combined information may be used by our third-party advertising vendors for interest-based advertising (also called "online behavioral advertising") on the site and other websites across the internet in order to personalize your online experience, improve our site and other websites, and to tailor bealls and other companies' marketing to you. to learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising, click here. note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "do not track" signal to websites and online services you visit. there is no consensus among industry participants as to what "do not track" means in this context. like many websites and online services, this site is not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers. to find out more about "do not track," you may wish to visit https://www.allaboutdnt.com. children under 13 the site is not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under the age of 13. if we learn that we have received such information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete the information. email to stop receiving advertising emails from bealls, you may click the unsubscribe button in an email that you receive from us. security bealls uses appropriate safeguards to help protect the information you provide to bealls online. although bealls uses reasonable efforts to secure information, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information collected through the site. if you cannot access the secure server, you may place your order by telephone at 800-569-9038, monday-saturday 9-9 or sunday 10-8 est. california privacy rights the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) of 2018 takes effect on january 1, 2020. this legislation grants the following rights to california customers: the right to request (no more than twice in a 12-month period) to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information were collected, used, shared or sold by us in the preceding 12 months. the right to delete personal information held by us in the preceding 12 months and by extension, our service providers; the right to non-discrimination in terms of price or service when a customer exercises a privacy right under ccpa. when submitting a request, your identity will be verified by matching your last name, phone number and email address to the information we already possess. how do i request to know the personal information you hold about me? if you wish us to provide a copy of this information, you may submit a request here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to know my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to produce the requested information. the request will provide information from all bealls entities. how do i request to delete the personal information you hold about me? to request your personal information be permanently deleted expresses your intention to fully remove both your user account and any existing information held by all bealls entities. this cannot be undone, and we won’t be able to recover any of your data, including your saved lists and sale alerts in the future. note that in permanently deleting your personal information you relinquish the following benefits: access to special offers and discounts beyond those available on beallsflorida.com and all bealls sites. ability to enroll in bealls coast 2 coast loyalty program, access to any of the special savings benefits, point accumulation for dollar off rewards, or access to rewards at checkouts/registers. receive sale email alerts from all bealls entities ability to create or maintain a beallsflorida shopping account or access your saved shipping addresses create and share wish lists with others if you wish us to remove your personal information, you may submit a request to be permanently deleted here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to delete my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to delete your personal information. for more information, click here or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. contact information if you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may click here to contact us. our mailing address is: bealls department stores attention: customer care p.o. box 25207 bradenton, fl 34206-5207 updates to this policy as we continue to offer new and different types of content and services, bealls may modify this policy. should there be a material change to our information practices, it will be applied on a go-forward basis, and we will notify you by updating the date at the beginning of this policy. bealls encourages you to review this policy each time you visit this site. this website uses cookies to improve user experience and track anonymous site usage. by continuing to use this site or closing this banner, you accept the use of cookies. click here to read more about how we use cookies. =close and accept the use of cookies cmc espot name: privacypolicypage_es cmc content name: privacycenter amp amplience slot id / content id: 090d695e-77ca-4c62-95a0-b3a8cb9e919c online privacy & security effective date: 2020-06-18 version 1.2 this privacy policy describes how beall’s, inc, bealls stores, inc, beall’s outlet stores, inc., burke’s outlet stores, llc. and any related company, as well as its affiliates, subsidiaries, and some affiliated third parties (collectively, “bealls,” “company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) treats personal information collected about you when you shop in our retail and outlet stores, interact with or use our websites (www.beallsinc.com, www.beallsoutlet.com, www.beallsflorida.com, www.burkesoutlet.com, www.homecentric.com, www.bunulu.com) or use or make purchases from any of company’s other websites, emails and, apply for a credit card, sign up to become a company loyalty program member, sign up for activities and events, or otherwise interact with us (collectively “services”). this privacy policy also applies to how we treat personal information collected in company’s retail stores and company’s operated retail outlet locations. this privacy policy does not apply to information provided directly to our banking partner, specific to certain programs or activities or with respect to certain subsidiaries or affiliates to view the separate company branded credit card privacy policy please click the appropriate brand:. by shopping in our stores, using our services, or accessing our services, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. types of information we collect we collect information, including personal information, from you in a variety of ways when you interact with our company. the types of information we may collect include: personal identifying information (name, address, email address, phone number, driver’s license, social security number, photos, videos, etc.) payment information (credit card number, billing address, etc.) feedback (ratings and reviews, live chat, etc.) demographic information (age, gender, zip code/postal code, etc.) shopping information (product preferences, purchase information and/or history, etc.) social media information device information location information internet information (browsing history, search history, etc.) other information (in-store audio, video, photo, etc.) how we collect your information information you may directly provide when you: make an online or in-store purchase, return or exchange or when you shop in our stores; create a personalized shopping account for your convenience; use our order tracking; sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts); sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club; purchase a gift card; sign up for and/or maintain a company credit card; interact with our services or company social media pages; provide your contact information and product preferences; participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests and/or surveys or focus groups; use the ratings & reviews or related services and features; information you provide about others (e.g., gift cards); or submit a request or comment to our customer service team. in addition to information you provide directly, we may collect certain information using automated means. we may combine this automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, as described below. information you may indirectly provide when you: use the wi-fi service in some stores click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements enable location features when using our services checkout (product details, shipping details, date and location) make a return or exchange (product details, shipping details, date and location) install and use company mobile apps use our site (browser type, access times, pages viewed, ip address, navigation) access our services (hardware, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, browsing behavior) visit our stores which use cameras for security and operational purposes. we may also collect or organize information that we collect in our stores and combine i­­t with information we collect through the services information we collect from other sources we may also receive information about you from other sources and combine or link that with information we have about you, including: social media platforms companies that provide information to enhance our existing guest our business partners (online ad networks, promotion and service co-sponsors) we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties, or how such third parties collect, use, or share such information. how we use your information we do not sell your personal information. we may use the collected or combined information about you for a variety of purposes, including: providing products and services administer your membership and communicate with you about loyalty member benefits provide, maintain, and improve the services and merchandise selections and customer service carrying out any business function or other purpose as disclosed in this policy or at the time you provide information to us improving products and services to understand your product interests enhance your in-store and online shopping experience monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities link or combine with other information we receive from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service communicating respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service notify you about new products, services, features, promotions, events and special offerings we think you may find valuable contact you regarding your use of the site and, in our discretion, changes to our policies process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes security purposes secure our operations and infrastructure, protect against identify theft, help prevent fraud, unauthorized activity, claims and other liabilities and minimize credit risk prevent fraudulent activity and monitor against threats investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities marketing purposes communicate with you about our company and partner products, services, offers, promotions, research, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you personalize the services and provide advertisements, content, or features that are targeted toward your interests as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you. we are based in the united states and the information we collect is governed by state and federal law. by accessing or using our services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the u.s. and other countries. how we share your information internally: we may share your information within our company, including our affiliates or sister companies. service providers: we may provide your information to companies that provide support services to company, including: third parties who support our company third parties for marketing purposes we may make our postal mailing list and general shopping information available to selected companies we believe may offer products and services of interest to you; with other affiliates or the parent company, which may use this information to offer products and services to you consistent with the purposes identified in this statement legal or safety requirements: we may disclose information about you: to protect the rights, property, and safety of company, our loyalty program members, our guests, or any other persons; or to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use with your consent; in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process other disclosures: the following is a non-exhaustive list of examples of how we may share your personal information: when you sign up for and participate in the interactive areas of our services; in connection with, or during negotiations of, a corporate business transaction, such as a merger or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, joint venture, corporate reorganization, insolvency or bankruptcy, financing or sale of company assets; if a contest, sweepstakes or promotion is jointly sponsored by us and one or more other sponsors. we do not control and are not responsible for the other sponsors’ use of your personal information, and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. third party advertising, analytics and services we use third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding how visitors use the site. to learn more about opting out of data collection through google analytics, click here. we and our third-party advertising vendors also use first-party and third-party cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads on the site and other websites based upon a user's past visits to our site or other websites, and to report upon how company ad impressions and other ad services are related to the site. we may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you. this combined information may be used by our third-party advertising vendors for interest-based advertising (also called "online behavioral advertising") on the site and other websites across the internet to personalize your online experience, improve our site and other websites, and to tailor company and other companies' marketing to you. to learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising from our third party advertising vendors, click here. note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "do not track" signal to websites and online services you visit. like many websites and online services, our websites are not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers. to find out more about "do not track," you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com. this policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices. security we believe that it takes reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, as required by state and/or federal law to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. please refer to the company terms of use for company representations, disclaimers and limitations in this regard. your choices your information. you may update or correct your online account information by logging into your online account and updating your information or by calling customer service. you may also email us at customerservice@beallsinc.com if you wish to deactivate your online account, but note that we may retain information about you for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. if you would like to update or correct your loyalty program membership information, you may do so by logging on to your online account or by calling customer service at 800-569-9038. regarding email, you may use the unsubscribe link on any company promotional emails or click the appropriate brand below to unsubscribe from all further promotional emails: regarding postal mail, you can be removed from our mailing lists by sending your request including your full name, address and company account number (if you have one) to the following address: bealls inc. customer care p.o. box 25207 bradenton, fl 34206-5207 promotional communications. you may opt out of receiving promotional communications from company by following the instructions in those communications. if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your purchases, account, membership or our ongoing business relations. location information. you also have the ability to turn location-based services on or off by adjusting the settings of your internet browser or mobile device. you can also stop our collection of location information in connection with our mobile applications by following the standard uninstall process and removing all company applications from your mobile device. mobile push notifications/alerts. with your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. you can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. cookies. managing cookies varies from browser to browser, so please refer to your browser for further information. if you prefer, you usually can set your browser to remove or reject cookies. please be aware that if you block cookies you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features on the site. storage of information information we collect or have about you may be stored in the united states. if you are outside the united states, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information in the united states or even outside the united states. our services are subject to the laws of the state and federal laws of the united states, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. privacy rights for non-california residents for non-california residents, you have the following rights: the right to opt out of data collection. the right to know what personal information was collected, used or shared by us. the right to delete personal information held by us. to exercise any of these rights, click on the appropriate brand: or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. we will process your request in a reasonable amount of time. california privacy rights the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) of 2018 took effect on january 1, 2020. this legislation grants the following rights to california customers: the right to request (no more than twice in a 12-month period) to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information were collected, used, shared or sold by us in the preceding 12 months. the right to delete personal information held by us in the preceding 12 months and by extension, our service providers; the right to non-discrimination in terms of price or service when a customer exercises a privacy right under when submitting a request, your identity will be verified by matching your last name, phone number and email address to the information we already possess. how do i request to know the personal information you hold about me? if you wish us to provide a copy of this information, you may submit a request by clicking on the appropriate brand: or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to know my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to produce the requested information. the request will provide information from all company entities. how do i request to delete the personal information you hold about me? to request your personal information be permanently deleted expresses your intention to fully remove both your user account and any existing information held by all company entities. this cannot be undone, and we won’t be able to recover any of your data, including your saved lists and sale alerts in the future. note that in permanently deleting your personal information you relinquish the following benefits: access to special offers and discounts beyond those available on all company services. ability to enroll in select company loyalty programs, access to any of the special savings benefits, point accumulation for dollar off rewards, or access to rewards at checkouts/registers. receive sale email alerts from all company entities ability to create or maintain a company service shopping account or access your saved shipping addresses create and share wish lists with others if you wish us to remove your personal information, you may submit a request to be permanently deleted click on the appropriate brand: or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to delete my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to delete your personal information. for more information, click on the appropriate brand: or contact customer care at 800-569-9038. changes to this policy company may change this policy from time to time. if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date above and, in some cases we may provide you with more prominent notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). we encourage you to review the policy to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. contact us if you have any questions, comments or concerns about this policy or about our privacy practices, or to exercise any of the rights set out in this privacy policy, including your opt-out rights, please send an email message to customerservice@beallsinc.com. you may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address: beall’s, inc. customer care p.o. box 25207 bradenton, fl 34206-5207 cmc content name: mfes footer email sign up get inspired by your inbox the latest looks, the newest collections, flash sales, specials and more await subscribe to email subscribe → enter a valid email address the email address is already subscribed for sale alerts from beallsflorida.com cmc content name: signupsignin_modal_content_top earn rewards on every purchase online and in-store.get a $5 reward after your first purchase ships. member sign in sign in not a member? sign up learn more open sign in / sign up modal cmc content name: mfes_default_footer content 100420 call us mon - sat 9am - 6pm est sun 10am - 5pm est 800-569-9038 live chat mon - sat 9am - 6pm est sun 10am - 5pm est chat now email us tell us about your shopping experience email now myaccount my account my coast2coast rewards order history sign in create account coast2coast rewards customerservice track order faqs returns & exchanges shipping shopbealls today's ad coupons & deals gift cards store locator brand exclusions aboutbealls about us careers become an affiliate bealls floridacredit card apply and save! pay my bill my account my account my coast2coast rewards order history sign in create account coast2coast rewards customer service track order faqs returns & exchanges shipping shop bealls today's ad coupons & deals gift cards store locator brand exclusions about bealls about us careers become an affiliate bealls florida credit card apply and save! pay my bill we accept follow us earn points today, no matter how you pay! learn more bealls is a privately held company, rich in tradition, still owned by the founding family. founded in 1915, bealls stores now operates more than 70 store locations in the state of florida in addition to beallsflorida.com. bealls stores and beallsflorida.com are owned and operated by beall's stores, inc and beall's westgate corporation. site map privacy & security retailmeansjobs.org social responsibility statement accessibility bealls, inc. all rights reserved