来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231180253/https://www.beallsflorida.com/privacy-security/
================================================================================

privacy & securityskip to site contentfind a storeabout usfree shipping on $99.00+ details 1 day only | get free shipping on your entire order! 00 days 00 hours 00 minutes 00 seconds 1 day only - spend $99 and get free shipping! 00 days 00 hours 00 minutes 00 seconds searchtrackaccountbagshopsearchloadingthese deals won't last!join our email list for the latest deals, newest arrivals, incredible savings, and more!email addressmy accountsign increate accountbealls rewardsguest servicestrack orderfaqsreturns & exchangesshippingshop bealls floridagift cardsstore locatorbrandsbrand exclusionsbealls inc. credit cardapply & save!pay my billabout beallsabout uscareersbecome an affiliatecontact usbealls florida blogemail guest servicesguest servicesmon-sat: 9am-6pm (est)sun: 10am-5pm (est)privacy & securityterms of use-desktopterms of use-mobilepurpose & impactaccessibilityfraud-scam alert©2024 bealls florida. all rights reserved. privacy policy effective date: december 5, 2024 this privacy policy describes how beall’s, inc, bealls florida, bealls and any related company, as well as their affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “bealls,” “company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) treats personal information collected about you when you shop in our stores, interact with or use our websites, including but not limited to those located at (www.beallsinc.com, www.bealls.com, www.beallsflorida.com, www.homecentric.com) (together, the “sites”), or use or make purchases from any of our other websites, pages, features, emails, or content owned and operated by bealls that direct to this privacy policy, including when you sign up to become a company loyalty program member, sign up for activities and events, or otherwise interact with us (collectively with the sites, the “services”). this privacy policy does not apply to information provided directly to our banking partner, specific to certain programs or activities or with respect to certain subsidiaries or affiliates. to view the separate company branded credit card privacy policy, please click the appropriate brand listed at (https://d.comenity.net/ac/beallsinc). company may change this privacy policy from time to time. if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date above and, in some cases, we may provide you with more prominent notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). we encourage you to review the privacy policy to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. by shopping in our stores or using or accessing our services, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this privacy policy. table of contents 1. types of information we collect and how we collect it 2. how we use your information 3. how we share your information 4. cookies and similar tracking technologies 5. security 6. your choices 7. storage of information 8. your privacy rights 9. children 10. mobile text messaging program 11. contact us 1. types of information we collect and how we collect it we collect information, including personal information, from you in a variety of ways when you interact with our company and its services. personal information generally is any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. the definition of personal information depends on the applicable law based on where you are a resident. only the definition that applies to your residence will apply to you under this privacy policy. the types of information we may collect include: personal identifying information (name, address, email address, phone number, driver’s license, social security number, photos, videos, etc.) payment information (credit card number, billing address, etc.) feedback (ratings and reviews, live chat, etc.) demographic information (age, gender, zip code/postal code, etc.) shopping information (product preferences, purchase information and/or history, etc.) social media information device information location information internet information (browsing history, search history, etc.) other information (in-store audio, video, photo, etc.) how we collect your information including but not limited to information you may directly provide when you: make an online or in-store purchase, return or exchange or when you shop in our stores create a personalized shopping account for your convenience use our order tracking sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts) sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club purchase a gift card sign up for and/or maintain a company credit card interact with our services or company social media pages provide your contact information and product preferences participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests and/or surveys or focus groups use the ratings & reviews or related services and features provide information about others (e.g., when sending gift cards); or submit a request or comment to our guest services team in addition to information you provide directly, we may collect certain information using automated means. we may combine this automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, as described below. information you may indirectly provide when you: use the wi-fi service in some stores click on company-sponsored links or third-party advertisements enable location features when using our services checkout (product details, shipping details, date and location, etc. make a return or exchange (product details, shipping details, date and location, etc.) install and use company mobile apps use our sites (browser type, access times, pages viewed, ip address, navigation, etc.) access our services (hardware, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, browsing behavior, etc.) visit our stores which use cameras for security and operational purposes we may also collect or organize information that we collect in our stores and combine it with information we collect through the services. information we collect from other sources we may also receive information about you from other sources and combine or link that with information we have about you, including: social media platforms, depending on your privacy settings in the applicable social media service companies that provide information to enhance our existing guest services our business partners (online ad networks, promotion and service co-sponsors, etc.) we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties, or how such third parties collect, use, or share such information. unless prohibited by applicable law, we may also obtain your personal information from marketing partners and analytics providers (such as online ad networks, promotion, and service co-sponsors) so that we can better understand which of our services may be of interest to you and to provide us information necessary to improve our services. 2. how we use your information we may use the collected or combined information about you for a variety of purposes, including: providing products and services provide any services or products that you request or purchase in connection with the services administer your membership and communicate with you about loyalty member benefits provide, maintain, and improve the services and merchandise selections and guest services carry out any business function or other purpose as disclosed in this privacy policy or at the time you provide information to us improving products and services to understand your product interests enhance your in-store and online shopping experience monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities link or combine with other information we receive from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service communicating respond to your requests, comments and questions and provide guest services notify you about new products, services, features, promotions, events and special offerings we think you may find valuable contact you regarding your use of any of our sites and, in our discretion, changes to our policies process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes we may also send you shopping cart reminders, account-related information and/or promotional messages via sms message if you have opted into our sms/text message program. for more information, see section 10 (“mobile text messaging program”) below. marketing purposes communicate with you about our company and partner products, services, offers, promotions, research, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you personalize the services and provide advertisements, content, or features that are targeted toward your interests maintaining legal and regulatory compliance our services are subject to certain laws and regulations which may require us to process your personal information. for example, we process your personal information to fulfill our business obligations, ensure compliance with data protection laws, to manage risk as required under applicable laws and regulations, or to respond to requests by judicial process or governmental agency. with your consent for any other purpose disclosed to you prior to you providing us your personal information or which is reasonably necessary to provide the services or other related services requested, with your permission or upon your direction. as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you. 3. how we share your information we may share or disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: within our corporate organization. we may share your personal information with any company subsidiaries and affiliates in order to provide you with the services and take actions based on your request, as well as for the purpose of management and analysis. service providers. we may employ other companies and individuals to facilitate our services, provide services on our behalf, perform service-related business activities, or assist us in analyzing how our services are used. these service providers provide us support services including, but not limited to, credit card processing, payment gateways, account registration, website hosting, online store platforms, customer relationship management, order fulfillment and shipping, email and postal delivery, analytics, surveys, digital rewards, marketing services, videoconferencing, and calculating duties and taxes. corporate transactions. we may disclose personal information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred. you agree to and do hereby consent to our assignment or transfer of rights to your personal information. as required by law and to protect lawful interests. we may disclose your information if we believe that the disclosure is required by law, if we believe that the disclosure is necessary to enforce our agreements or policies, in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency), or if we believe that the disclosure will help us protect the rights, property, or safety of our company or our customers. with your consent. we may disclose your personal information for any purpose with your consent. 4. cookies and similar tracking technologies we and third parties on our behalf may use cookies or similar tracking technologies to collect information automatically as you interact with our services, including but not limited to: analyze our web traffic using an analytics package identify whether you already visited our services store information about your preferences recognize you when you return to our services show you interest-based advertisements personalize your user experience analytics. analytics. we and our third-party technology providers use third-party analytics services (such as google analytics) to evaluate your use of the services, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information relating to the services and internet usage. these third parties use cookies and other technologies to help analyze and provide us the data. for more information on how to opt out of google analytics tracking, (click here). session replay. our sites may use website analytics cookies and tools that provide session replay, heatmaps, form analytics, feedback surveys and other features that may record your clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, form fills, visited pages and other technical information about your browser. we do not collect such information on pages where the analytics tools are not installed, nor do we track or collect information outside your web browser. opt-outs. click here to view and update your preferences and/or opt-out of the advertising, analytics & customization, and performance & functionality cookies used for our services. many advertising companies that collect information for interest-based advertising are members of the digital advertising alliance (daa) or the network advertising initiative (nai), both of which maintain websites where people can opt-out of interest-based advertising from their members. to opt-out of website interest-based advertising provided by each organization’s respective participating companies, visit the daa’s opt-out portal, or visit the nai’s opt-out portal. managing cookies. you have the right to decide whether to accept cookies. if you do not want us to deploy cookies in your browser, you may exercise your preference by modifying your web browser setting to either (1) refuse some or all cookies or (2) notify you and ask for your permission when a website tries to set a cookie. if you want to learn the correct way to modify your browser settings, please use the “help,” “tools” or “edit” menu in your browser or review the instructions. if you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still use the services, although your ability to use some of the features may be affected. if you want to exercise your rights regarding personal information collected via cookies and similar tracking technologies, please see the “your choices” and “your privacy rights” sections below. do not track. some internet browsers, such as internet explorer, firefox, and safari, include the ability to transmit “do not track” or “dnt” signals. since uniform standards for “dnt” signals have not been adopted, our site does not currently process or respond to “dnt” signals. 5. security we believe that it takes reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, as required by state and/or federal law to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. we cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the databases of the third parties with which we may share such information to perform our business purposes, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet. moreover, please do not re-use passwords that you have used elsewhere when creating a bealls account, to reduce the likelihood of password theft, credential stuffing attacks, or the like. if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised, you should contact us immediately. please see “contact us” section below.. 6. your choices your information. you may update or correct some information within your online account by logging into your online account and updating your information or by calling guest services at 800-569-9038. you may also email us at privacy@beallsinc.com if you wish to deactivate your online account, but note that we may retain information about you for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. if you would like to update or correct your loyalty program membership information, you may do so by logging on to your online account or by calling guest services. promotional communications. you may opt out of receiving promotional email communications from the company by following the instructions in those communications, such as by clicking the unsubscribe link included within the message. if you opt out of receiving promotional email communications, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your purchases, account, membership or our ongoing business relations. regarding sms text messages, as described more fully in our u.s. mobile text messaging program terms & conditions, available at: bealls.com/mobile-terms, beallsflorida.com/mobile-terms, homecentric.com/mobile-terms if you choose to opt-in to our optional marketing and promotional text messaging program, you may unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional text messaging (“sms”) communications at any time by replying “stop” or “unsubscribe” to the sms messages that we send. please allow up to 10 business days to effectuate such requests. you will then be removed from our sms marketing list — however, we may still communicate with you, for example to send you service-related messages that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes. please be aware that whereas we require prior express written opt-in consent in order for you to receive automated promotional- or marketing-related sms text messages, if you provide us your mobile telephone number we may send account-, service- or informational-related automated messages (i.e., non-promotional or marketing-related messages) to your mobile phone, provided they are related to the purpose for which you provided the company your phone number. regarding postal mail, you can be removed from our mailing lists by sending your request including your full name, address and company account number (if you have one) to the following address: bealls inc. guest services p.o. box 25207 bradenton, fl 34206-5207 location information. you also have the ability to turn location-based services on or off by adjusting the settings of your internet browser or mobile device. you can also stop our collection of location information in connection with our mobile applications by following the standard uninstall process and removing all company applications from your mobile device. mobile push notifications/alerts. with your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. you can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. 7. storage of information information we collect or have about you may be stored in the united states. if you are outside the united states, you understand and agree that we may transfer and/or process your personal information in the united states or even outside the united states. our services are subject to the laws of the state and federal laws of the united states, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. 8. your privacy rights depending on applicable law where you reside or are located, you may be able to assert certain rights identified below with respect to your personal information. if any of the rights listed below are not provided to you under the law that governs the processing of your personal information, we have absolute discretion in providing you with those rights. please refer to the table below to determine the rights you have in your jurisdiction. your rights in relation to your personal information are not absolute. depending upon the applicable law, access to your rights under the applicable law may be denied: (a) when denial of access is required or authorized by law; (b) when granting access would have a negative impact on another's privacy; (c) to protect our rights and properties; or (d) where the request is frivolous or vexatious, or for other reasons. the rights you may have include: right to know/access. you may have the right to obtain a copy, or a list of categories of the personal information that we hold about you, as well as other supplementary information, such as the purposes of processing, and the entities to whom we disclose your personal information. right to correction/rectification. you may have the right to correct any of your personal information in our files. you may request us to rectify, correct or update any of your personal information held by us that is inaccurate. you may also do this at any time by logging in to your account and clicking the profile or my account tab. right to delete. under certain circumstances, you may have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we hold about you, or request us to deactivate/delete your account. this right is not absolute, and we may refuse your right to delete if there are compelling legitimate grounds for keeping your personal information, for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information or use for targeted advertising. you may have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information to third parties for behavioral advertising purposes. although we do not “sell” personal information in the traditional sense, like many websites, we use cookies, pixels, and similar technology, and we share certain information, such as your ip address or device identifiers, to certain third-party advertisers in order to improve your user experience and to optimize our marketing activities. because this may be “selling” or “sharing” under certain state privacy laws, if you reside in such a state you have the right to direct us not to share or use your personal information for targeted advertising purposes. to exercise your right to opt-out, please submit a request as described below, or submit your preferences via the cookie banner found on our website or the ‘opt-out’ section above. right to object to the use of sensitive information. in some jurisdictions, you may have the right to object to our processing of your sensitive personal information as defined and permitted under applicable law. however, we may continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted under applicable laws. right to object to automated decision-making. in some jurisdictions, you may have the right not to be subject to a decision which significantly impacts your rights that is based solely on automated processing (where a decision is taken about you using an electronic system without human involvement). no decision will be made by us about you solely on the basis of automated decision making which has a significant impact on you. right to portability. under certain circumstances, you may have the right to receive personal information we hold about you in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format so that you can provide that personal information to another entity. right against discrimination. you have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. we will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. as mentioned above, depending on where you reside, you may be able to assert certain rights with respect to your personal information. to determine which rights you have, please refer to the table below that references the rights as described above in this “your privacy rights” section. any places that are not listed either do not have a law providing such rights, or their law does not apply to our operations. location applicable rights california access; correction; deletion; opt-out of sale/sharing of personal information (pi); limit the use of sensitive pi; object to automated decision-making; portability; discrimination virginia, colorado, connecticut, and utah access; correction; deletion; opt-out of targeted advertising; object to automated decision-making; portability; discrimination all other locations, including those listed above see the “your choices” section above if you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us via one of the following methods. email us at privacy@beallsinc.com. call our guest services at 800-569-9038. click on the appropriate brand below for identity verification purposes, please ensure that your request includes the following: last name email address phone number request type: request to know my personal information it may take up to 45 days from the date we verify your identity to produce the requested information. if it appears reasonably necessary for us to extend this time period once for an additional 45 days, we reserve the right to do so and will notify you of the need for an extension sometime within the initial 45 days. you may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request on your behalf. if you use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, we will require you to directly verify your identity with us, or have you directly confirm with us that the authorized agent has been authorized to act on your behalf. note that in permanently deleting your personal information you relinquish the following benefits: access to special offers and discounts beyond those available on all company services. ability to enroll in select company loyalty programs, access to any of the special savings benefits, point accumulation for dollar off rewards, or access to rewards at checkouts/registers. receive sale email alerts from all company entities ability to create or maintain a company service shopping account or access your saved shipping addresses create and share wish lists with others 9. children our services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 16 (or other age as required by local law). if you are under 16, please do not send any personal information about yourself to us. if we become aware that a child under 16 (or other age as required by local law) has provided us with personal information contrary to our instruction, we will take steps to delete such information from our filesystems, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it. 10. mobile text messaging program as noted above, we offer customers the ability to optionally receive marketing and promotional mobile alerts sent to their mobile devices via sms/text messages. our u.s. mobile text messaging program allows u.s. residents to personalize your experience, for instance, by sending coupons or sale information via sms message if you have opted into our sms/text message service. you must be 18 years of age or older to participate. signing up and opting-in to this service is subject to our separate u.s. mobile text messaging program terms & conditions, available at: bealls.com/mobile-terms, beallsflorida.com/mobile-terms, homecentric.com/mobile-terms please be aware that whereas we require prior express written opt-in consent in order for you to receive automated promotional- or marketing-related sms text messages, if you provide us your mobile telephone number we may send account-, service- or informational-related automated messages (i.e., non-promotional or marketing-related messages) to your mobile phone, provided they are related to the purpose for which you provided the company your phone number. 11. contact us if you have any questions, comments or concerns about this privacy policy or about our privacy practices, or to exercise any of the rights set out in this privacy policy, including your opt-out rights, please send an email message to privacy@beallsinc.com. you may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address: beall’s, inc. guest services p.o. box 25207 bradenton, fl 34206-5207