来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101225230259/http://www.rockler.com/faq_ordering.cfm
================================================================================

rockler woodworking and hardware - online ordering frequently asked questions help | quick order | my account | wish list | order status cart 0 items welcome.   order by phone: 800-279-4441 top power tool brands routers and accessories router table packages and accessories table saws and table saw accessories dust collection drill presses and accessories band saws, blades and accessories more power tools and accessories roller and ball bearing stands workshop accessories more... wrench socket sets clamps marking and measuring tools pocket hole jigs jigs, jig it's and t-tracks drilling screw driving tools squares sharpening turning tools and accessories more... garage organization drawer hardware cabinet doors and drawers / cabinet refacing hinges cabinet locks and furniture locks beds, cribs and highchair entertainment center kitchen and bath storage and organization kitchen knobs and pulls more... lumber and veneers crown molding and decorator series matched moulding sets cabinet trim moulding and accent cabinet moulding plate rack and wine glass lattice cabinet moulding carvings, embossed moldings, corbels and finials furniture and table legs, kitchen island posts, columns and bun feet mantel components inlays and banding hobby kits and small wood parts pen turning kits and parts more... heat and hot melt glue guns clear finishes gluing, epoxy, adhesives and fillers stains and dyes sprayers and spray finishing accessories brushes, gloves, tack cloth and supplies specialty finishes refinishing/repair outdoor finishing wood care - waxes and polish more... boxes, toys and other small projects tool books and videos furniture and furniture making woodworking techniques crown molding and trim books and videos carving and whittling books, cd's and dvd's dust collection books outdoor project books finishing books and videos outdoor projects more... search: gift guide gift cards hardware hinges knobs & pulls drawer slides cabinet doors & drawers fasteners see all tools power tools hand tools routers router bits router tables clamps see all wood products lumber veneer turning blanks cabinet doors & drawers see all finishing finishes glues sanding see all books & video finishing furniture kitchen cabinets see all woodworking plans furniture new yankee workshop small projects see all view more categories woodworking product reviews newest customer woodworking product reviews projects home office entertainment centers kitchen for your shop small projects outdoor furniture deck enhancements online ordering frequently asked questions table of contents our guarantee of satisfaction overview of our online ordering system security payment methods open accounts special offers and discounts checking on the status of your order shipping and handling charges special/priority handling charges standard shipping shipping upgrades international orders sales tax on internet orders tax exempt customers using multiple gift cards out of stocks or discontinued items cookies availability earth friendly air pillows oops our guarantee of satisfaction we are proud of the quality of our products, and stand behind them 100%. if for any reason you are not satisfied with the merchandise you ordered, just return it within 90 days to receive a refund in the manner of original payment.  your order will come with a return form with convenient instructions, or you may send your returns directly to returns department, rockler woodworking and hardware, 4365 willow drive, medina, mn 55340. back to top using our online ordering system our online catalog uses "shopping basket technology" to facilitate online ordering.  when you start shopping with us, our server automatically assigns you a unique "shopping basket" where you can store products you are interested in purchasing. there is no limit to the amount of products you can have in your basket, and you can add, remove or change the products in your basket at any time before you check out.  you can even leave our site and come back within 7 days and your shopping basket will still be waiting for you (assuming you are using the same computer and accept cookies). there are two ways to add products to your basket, and you can use either one or both: browse our online catalog and click "add to basket" when viewing a product you want to purchase. use our print catalog quick order form to add items you found in one of our printed catalogs using the 5-digit item number. when you are ready to check out, click the "check out" button .  your connection with our server will then "go secure" and all information you send us will be encrypted to protect your privacy and security.  if this is your first time ordering from us, you will need to fill out your shipping and billing addresses, and a way to contact you if we have any questions.  if you ordered from a printed catalog, please enter the 5-character code from the back of your catalog, as well as your customer number.   if you ordered from the online catalog, you can leave the catalog code blank, and if you do not know your customer number, you can leave that blank also. hit "continue" when done. on the next page, choose a shipping method.  express shipping options are available for an additional charge. on the following page choose a payment method (click for more information on payment methods). in the "messages" box, write any comments you want our order specialists to know. these comments will be reviewed before the order is processed. then click "continue." when you hit "continue" your order will be submitted, and you will see a thank you confirmation. you will also receive a confirmation by e-mail, assuming you entered your e-mail address properly in the address page. if you chose the phone/fax/mail option, print your order form and follow directions given. back to top security your trust is important to us, so we invest in best practices to keep your information private and secure. our web servers are located in a world-class hosting facility, giving us the protection of a dedicated, state-of-the-art firewall and network security, as well as high-level physical security. all credit card transactions are sent through the internet using 128-bit ssl encryption, and credit card numbers are not permanently stored on our web servers. for further safety we use a 3rd-party service to monitor our servers from other points on the internet to make sure everything is secure. we collect your email address during checkout, and we also offer email lists you may wish to join. be assured that rockler does not sell its email lists to anyone, so your information is safe with us. our award-winning website was one of the first e-commerce woodworking sites on the internet, and rockler companies has been in business and delighting customers since 1954. we work very hard to earn and retain your trust! back to top payment methods we accept payment using mastercard, visa, american express or discover card. if you do not wish to send your credit card information over the internet, choose either call in credit card, or fax or mail order when you are on the payment options page. the click the submit order button. on the next page, which shows your order summary, you can then do one of the following: call us at the 800 number shown on the order summary page with your credit card number handy, and use the information on your order form to place your order with one of our customer service representatives. print out the order form, fill in your credit card number and expiration date, sign the form, and fax it to the number listed. or, print out the order form, fill in the appropriate information, and mail it with a check or money-order to the address shown on the form. we accept checks or money orders drawn in us funds, on us banks only. sorry, no cod's accepted. back to top open accounts you must have an existing open account with the rockler companies to use this option. please provide a contact name in the special instructions on the checkout page. all orders are subject to approval. if you are a business and would like to establish an open account with us please contact our customer service department at 1-800-279-4441 or orders@rockler.com. back to top special offers and discounts if you have a special offer or discount code, you can enter it when you checkout in the promotion code box. you should see a message confirming the special offer. back to top checking on the status of your order if you are ordering within the continental united states, you can expect your order within 7 to 10 business days. a shipping confirmation will be e-mailed to you when your order is shipped along with tracking information if applicable. you can check the status of your order online by clicking here, you can also contact our customer service department or call them at 1-800-279-4441. be sure to include your customer and/or order number in all correspondence, as well as your full name and address. back to top shipping and handling charges please note: when standard shipping is selected, rockler determines the most efficient shipping carrier for your order. the carriers that may be used are: u.s. postal service (usps) or ups. shipping charges may be subject to sales tax depending on the tax laws of the state the order is being shipped to. to help expedite your order, please be sure that the billing address and phone number you gave us matches what is on file with your financial institution. shipping and handling charges cover the costs of packaging and processing your order. most orders are processed within 2 business days. shipping and handling charges for domestic orders are listed below: order total shipping and handling charge up to $25.00 $6.95 $25.01 - $50.00 $8.95 $50.01 - $75.00 $9.95 $75.01 - $100.00 $11.95 $100.01 - $125.00 $13.95 $125.01 - $150.00 $14.95 $150.01 + $15.95 priority handling priority handling services, offered at no extra charge along with our upgraded shipping options, include same-day order processing and packaging. note: the same-day processing cut-off times (central standard time) on normal business days are 2:30 p.m. for ups orders and 12:00 p.m. for usps orders. orders placed after this time will be processed and shipped the next business day. standard shipping rockler offers a number of shipping options, including standard shipping, our most basic option. standard shipping includes ground shipping to anywhere in the contiguous united states. orders sent to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico and the us virgin islands will be sent us mail 4th class (additional charges may apply – details are supplied at checkout). faster shipping options – if available for your area – are also offered at checkout. shipping upgrades rockler offers a number of shipping upgrade options for domestic orders at an extra charge. options include ups next day air, ups 2nd day air, ups 3 day select, and usps express and priority mail. note: some shipping upgrade options may not be available for certain orders and shipping destinations. details on available shipping options are supplied at checkout. international orders shipping options for international orders are supplied at checkout, along with estimated costs. confirmed shipping costs that vary significantly from estimated costs are confirmed with the customer before the order is processed. note: the customer assumes responsibility for customs charges and other applicable fees or taxes as required. back to top sales tax on internet orders we are required by law to collect sales tax on all orders being shipped to locations within arizona, california, colorado, georgia, illinois, indiana, maine, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, missouri, new york, ohio, pennsylvania, texas, washington, and wisconsin. sales tax is calculated on the merchandise and handling charge total. tax exempt customers may read the section below for information on declaring the exemption. we do not collect sales tax on orders shipped to other states. however, you may be responsible for paying a sales/use tax to your state and/or local taxing authority on orders shipped to you in your state. sales tax amounts are estimated. the correct sales tax will be calculated when your order is processed. back to top tax exempt customers tax exempt customers may place their orders with us by internet. however, internet orders will show tax at the time the order is placed. we will not collect sales tax if, prior to when we process the internet order internally, we receive a signed tax exempt certificate (not a copy of a license) in which you attest to the fact that you are a tax exempt organization and you are not required to pay tax on the items purchased. please make sure you include your tax exempt customer number on the tax exemption certificate. you can send us the tax exempt certificate by fax at 1-800-865-1229 or by mail at 4365 willow drive, medina, mn 55340-9701. if you need a minnesota tax exempt certificate form, please e-mail us at customer service or call 1-800-279-4441. we will collect sales tax on the order if we do not receive a signed tax exemption certificate before we process the order. back to top using multiple gift cards to use more than one gift card during checkout, please enter information for for the first gift card in the gift card number and amount boxes. then list remaining gift card numbers and amounts in the special instructions box. back to top out of stock or discontinued items while we try to keep our online catalog up-to-date, occasionally an item you order may be out of stock or discontinued. in the case of an out-of-stock, we will place the rest of your order, and put the out-of-stock item on back order. we will then notify you of the item on back order, and the date it is expected in. it will be automatically sent to you when it is back in stock. the in-stock date displayed in our online catalog for out of stock items is approximate and not guaranteed. note: we do not ship partial orders to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, the virgin islands, guam, or to our international customers. in addition we do not ship partial orders to afo and fpo addresses. all ordered items must be in stock before the order will be shipped. to request other arrangements, please contact customer service. if an item you ordered has been discontinued, we will notify you and let you know if there are any recommended replacement items. back to top cookies cookies are a term used for small text files a web site sends to a visitor's computer to aid in identifying and tracking that individual through the site.  we currently use cookies in our online catalogs to keep track of a shopper's progress through our commerce server.  each cookie is a very small number that tells our server which shopper you are, what products you currently have in your basket, what pages you are on, what products you are viewing, etc. we do not collect any information from cookies - it is purely used to avoid any crossed-orders and to provide you with better service (i.e. if you leave our site while shopping and come back within 7 days, your basket will still be there). if you do not accept cookies, some features of this site will be limited. we strongly recommend that you accept cookies while on our site. it also helps to turn the "cookie warning" off in your browser while you are on our site. you can always turn it back on when you are finished shopping. back to top availability inventory stock status is kept updated throughout the day. occasionally an item showing in stock may go out of stock by the time your order is filled. in these cases, we will notify you of the delay as soon as possible via e-mail or phone. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. back to top earth friendly air pillows for packing back to top oops pictorial and typographical errors are subject to correction when orders are placed. rockler woodworking and hardware reserves the right to limit quantities. back to top "i have always been extremely pleased with the purchases i have made from rockler, both in the store and on-line purchases. excellent quality and great service and great value. " - p hemmant - 02/06/2010 see more... customer care customer service find a store sign up for our email request a free catalog suggest a new product privacy policy product info woodworking blog learn faqs product index search msds rss feeds company info about rockler contact us careers affiliate program request professional catalog rockler news school program custommade also visit: copyright © 2010, rockler companies, inc. this is a secure shopping site web2