来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191113234304/https://www.americanblinds.com/help/policies
================================================================================

shipping | americanblinds.com need assistance? call 800-575-8016 videos resource center check order status all products shades cellular/honeycomb shades roller shades solar shades pleated shades roman shades bamboo/woven wood shades dual sheer shades sheer shades outdoor shades blinds faux wood blinds wood blinds mini blinds vertical blinds vinyl blinds fabric blinds venetian blinds verticals vertical blinds sheer vertical shades panel track blinds vertical cellular shades shutters wood shutters faux wood shutters draperies custom draperies drapery hardware specialty skylight shades arches angle tops door blinds by feature blackout cordless top-down/bottom-up expedited motorized child safe lookbook swatches sales cart august 13, 2020 - covid-19 update - learn more we are experiencing high call volumes and longer than normal wait times due to covid-19. skip the wait and check your order status online. we are committed to you, our customers while all of us; our customers, our families and our loved ones, navigate the day by day changes that sweep the daily news regarding covid-19, we want to assure you that we are open and adhering to all guidelines and best practices set by the cdc and with our local government. our design experts and customer service associates are prepared, knowledgeable and fully able to work remotely and carry out the same remarkable product guidance and service you've known for years. frequently asked questions can i order samples? we are now able to fulfill a limited selection of free sample requests and plan to expand this assortment as soon as we can. you can view sample availability on each product page. in order to ensure the safety of our employees, we have reduced the number of people allowed in our warehouse to guarantee appropriate social distancing. this may mean that you may experience slower delivery than normal, and we appreciate your patience. if you would like help, have questions, or even have pics of your space, our design experts can totally work with that. will product orders be delayed? we are closely communicating with all of our providers and facilities to provide our customers the most up-to-date information on all of our window treatments. you can look at your product's page to get an estimate of current production times (as you normally would). our commitment to safety we are in this together and we take the health and safety of our employees and our customers seriously. with that, we will let you know that in following the directive of our local government, we are complying with a stay home — work safe order as well as with best practices provided by the cdc. to accomplish this, we are working safely and remotely to get you decorating advice, step-by-step measuring and installation instructions and assistance with orders. home resource center shipping & policies shipping & policies menu ❮ help faq how to choose measuring installation energy efficiency video gallery our guarantee shipping policies promotions and exclusions privacy policy do not sell my information terms of use child safety specialty windows commercial sales blinds care contact us about us california supply chain act sitemap product warranty changing or canceling your order freight damage & missing parts sales tax promotions and exclusions errors in your order color disclaimer shipping policies bali motor recall product warranty we extend the following warranty to the original purchaser of window treatments, which are properly installed in the original window, with proof of purchase. this is in addition to any warranty provided by manufacturers of products sold under brand names. what is covered: materials, operating mechanisms (including cords and ladders) and other parts are covered for 3 years. you will be charged for replacement parts on any order that’s more than 3 years old. manufacturer defects and shipping damage (reported within 14 calendar days). what is not covered: variations in texture, construction or color of natural products, slight warping of wood products, and natural color changes to materials that take place over time. product failure due to any of the following: improper installation, operation or cleaning normal wear and tear excessive exposure to heat, sunlight or moisture damage from children, pets or insects improper cleaning alteration of any kind products that exceed size recommendations or are outside of product specifications. resolution of warranty issues: repair or replace: we will determine, at our discretion, whether the product will be repaired or replaced. product discontinuation: if a product replacement is needed for a discontinued product still under warranty, we will provide a substitute product that matches as closely as possible. in the event that there are multiple products in the same room, only the defective product will be repaired or replaced. every effort will be made to match the original specifications. shipping costs: after a 1 year period, the customer is responsible for any shipping costs associated with warranty repair. after warranty expiration: after the warranty expires, many products can still be repaired for a nominal charge. in many cases, a repair kit with the necessary components and instructions to facilitate the repair can be sent to the customer. a nominal charge may apply. resolution procedures: call the number on our website, and provide your original order number. this warranty takes the place of all other stated warranties, whether written or oral. in no event shall we be liable for incidental or consequential damages that may result from any defect in product or breach of this warranty. we reserve the right to inspect any part or component prior to replacements. in order for repair or replacement to be made, a bill of sale, canceled check or other payment record verifying the original purchase date must be presented to us. the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages may vary according to state of purchase, therefore the above limitations or exclusions may not be applicable to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights and may also include other rights which may vary from state to state. errors in your order all products sold on american blinds are custom-made to your specifications, so it is very important that you follow our measuring and installation instructions. it is equally important that you review your order confirmation email for accuracy. of course we understand that mistakes can occur. if we make a mistake on your order we will either repair or remake your product at no charge to you. if you make a mistake in measuring or ordering, please contact us within 30 calendar days after delivery to your home and we will have your product remade at a discount. changing or canceling your order all products are made to order and production normally begins the day after an order is placed. therefore, we are happy to change or cancel orders as long as you contact us within one (1) calendar day from the date the order was submitted to us. please call our customer service department at 800-575-8016 for assistance. address changes will not be accepted after the manufacturer has shipped your product. color disclaimer due to variances between different color monitors the colors that appear on your screen may not be exact. we strongly encourage you to request free swatches prior to ordering. we guarantee your satisfaction with the color only if you order swatches from american blinds before purchasing your product (swatch and purchased product must be the same). stained finish real wood blinds: there are natural variances in the wood’s color, grain, etc. that cause dye lots to vary in color. although we consider these variances to be minimal, there is no way to ensure an exact color with stained wood blinds. if you are ordering real wood blinds with a stained color finish, be sure to purchase all your blinds at the same time so they are manufactured from the same dye lot. we will only guarantee a color match for blinds that are purchased together on the same order. natural wood shades (woven wood): natural wood shades are made from bamboo, rattan, reeds, jutes and other natural woods. because they are a natural product, the colors can vary substantially between dye lots. if you are ordering natural wood shades and you want them to match, make certain you purchase all of your shades at the same time so they are manufactured from the same material lot. we will only guarantee a color match for shades that are purchased together on the same order. please note that the color of our bermuda pattern varies from a light green to a yellow/tan depending on when the bamboo is harvested. green bamboo should gradually change to a more yellow/tan color over time. freight damage & missing parts upon receipt of your order please be sure to inspect boxes carefully and alert your driver to any immediately observed damage. if items are damaged, do not discard the boxes! we highly encourage you to take pictures of the damage, as the carrier will likely require them to process your claim. please report any freight claims to american blinds customer service within 14 calendar days of the original delivery date. if any parts are missing from your order (including installation materials such as screws and brackets), please contact us within 30 calendar days and we’l help you get replacement parts. if it has been more than 30 calendar days since you received your order, there will be a charge for any requested parts. shipping policies shipment is free within the united states, with the following exceptions: we cannot ship shutters to hawaii or alaska. any order containing shutters will be canceled. if you have other items on your order, you will have to re-order them. we’ll contact you by phone and email within 24 hours to inform you of the cancellation. please note the cancellation will occur even if you don’t answer. your card will be credited within 5 to 7 business days. for oversized products (96" or over in width or height), we’ll contact you by phone and email to collect a shipping fee. $30 fee per oversized product. if you do not answer or respond within 24 hours to confirm payment, your order will be canceled. please note that all oversized orders and shutters will be shipped by freight carrier and will require a signature for delivery. american blinds cannot ship to po box addresses or to military bases outside the continental united states (apo/fpo addresses). address changes will not be accepted after the manufacturer has shipped your product. holiday shipping deadlines guaranteed delivery by thanksgiving - or it’s free *all orders made by november 1, 2019 are guaranteed by thanksgiving. maximum refund of $1,000 per order. this offer does not apply to shipments outside of the 48 contiguous united states. we cannot guarantee delivery before thanksgiving for oversold materials, incomplete orders, specialty shapes, arches, skylights, shutters, motorized products, oversized products, draperies, custom template products, products with stated production times that will preclude delivery by the holiday, orders of more than 20 blinds, or in an event of a natural disaster; delivery subject to shipping availability. must call to claim guarantee by december 06, 2019. sales tax in compliance with state tax laws, we charge state sales tax. promotional code, discount and coupon exclusions *promotions or discounts - limit one discount coupon per order. must be used in one transaction. not redeemable for cash, gift cards, gift certificates or store credit. offer valid only while supplies last or until expiration date and not applicable to canceled orders due to out-of-stock merchandise. discount does not apply to taxes, shipping and handling charges or similar charges. returns or exchanges where a restock, remake or other discount was applied may result in an adjusted refund amount. promotional offers may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. sitewide sale exclusions select products, at times, may be excluded from promotional discounts during a sitewide sale. in this situation, a specific product or products will not display a discount when viewed and no discount will apply to the cost of an excluded item when a promotion is applied at checkout. varying products may be excluded from a promotion at any time. products excluded from a sale will be visible on the website or promotional materials. promotion and sale details information on promotional offers and discounts for merchandise. buy one, get the second one 50% off sale also referred to as "buy one, get one 50% off" or "bogo 50%" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive 50% off a second product of lesser or equal value when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the 50% discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered. buy one, get the second one 60% off sale also referred to as "buy one, get one 60% off" or "bogo 60%" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive 60% off a second product of lesser or equal value when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the 60% discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered. buy one, get the second free also referred to as "buy one, get one free" or "bogo" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. the customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive a second product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered. buy two, get the third free also referred to as "buy two, get one free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. the customer will pay full price for the first two products and a then receive a third product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered. buy three, get the fourth free also referred to as "buy three, get one free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. the customer will pay full price for the first three products and a then receive a fourth product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered. buy four, get the fifth free also referred to as "buy three, get one free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. the customer will pay full price for the first four products and a then receive a fifth product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. where 5 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered. save up to "a specific percent" promotional messaging and sales that include "up to" phrasing describe a tiered sales event in which the mentioned sale items would be discounted at a percentage number within a range described in the promotion. "selected products" references the specific items currently on sale. save "up to" any percent is a general term to define the maximum discount within a range of discounts included in that sale. products on sale can be listed at a discount anywhere between 1% - a set maximum percent off standard retail value in this example. all sale items and their individual discounts will be displayed on the website on each sale item. promotions of this type may be for any sale percentage. examples: save up to 45% sitewide - all items will be on sale but at different discounts ranging up to 45%. save up to 50% on selected products - selected items on sale will vary in discounts that range up to 50% off. bali motorized recall notice pdf download shop blinds, shades & more angle tops arches cellular shades custom draperies drapery hardware dual sheer shades fabric blinds faux wood blinds mini blinds outdoor shades panel track blinds pleated shades roller shades roman shades sheer shades sheer vertical shades wood shutters faux wood shutters shutters (all) skylights solar roller shades vertical blinds vertical cellular shades vinyl blinds wood blinds woven wood shades helpful links resource center check order status frequently asked questions how to measure how to install child safety matters commercial sales shipping & policies affiliates about us contact us privacy & security do not sell my information tax exempt terms of use california supply chain act sitemap sign up & save 25% on orders of $299 or greater. subscribe contact us 800-575-8016 sales hours mon - fri 8am - 11pm | sat - sun 10am - 9pm est customer service hours mon - fri 8am - 11pm | sat - sun 10am - 7pm est facebook social icon youtube social icon pinterest social icon houzz social icon © 2020 copyright american blinds viewing prices as of show current prices logged in as empty cart logout on behalf of current yourself