来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191113234304/https://www.americanblinds.com/help/how-to-measure
================================================================================

how to measure for blinds and shades | americanblinds.com need assistance? call 800-575-8016 videos resource center check order status all products shades cellular/honeycomb shades roller shades solar shades pleated shades roman shades bamboo/woven wood shades dual sheer shades sheer shades outdoor shades blinds faux wood blinds wood blinds mini blinds vertical blinds vinyl blinds fabric blinds venetian blinds verticals vertical blinds sheer vertical shades panel track blinds vertical cellular shades shutters wood shutters faux wood shutters draperies custom draperies drapery hardware specialty skylight shades arches angle tops door blinds by feature blackout cordless top-down/bottom-up expedited motorized child safe lookbook swatches sales cart august 15, 2020 - covid-19 update - learn more we are experiencing high call volumes and longer than normal wait times due to covid-19. skip the wait and check your order status online. we are committed to you, our customers while all of us; our customers, our families and our loved ones, navigate the day by day changes that sweep the daily news regarding covid-19, we want to assure you that we are open and adhering to all guidelines and best practices set by the cdc and with our local government. our design experts and customer service associates are prepared, knowledgeable and fully able to work remotely and carry out the same remarkable product guidance and service you've known for years. frequently asked questions can i order samples? we are now able to fulfill a limited selection of free sample requests and plan to expand this assortment as soon as we can. you can view sample availability on each product page. in order to ensure the safety of our employees, we have reduced the number of people allowed in our warehouse to guarantee appropriate social distancing. this may mean that you may experience slower delivery than normal, and we appreciate your patience. if you would like help, have questions, or even have pics of your space, our design experts can totally work with that. will product orders be delayed? we are closely communicating with all of our providers and facilities to provide our customers the most up-to-date information on all of our window treatments. you can look at your product's page to get an estimate of current production times (as you normally would). our commitment to safety we are in this together and we take the health and safety of our employees and our customers seriously. with that, we will let you know that in following the directive of our local government, we are complying with a stay home — work safe order as well as with best practices provided by the cdc. to accomplish this, we are working safely and remotely to get you decorating advice, step-by-step measuring and installation instructions and assistance with orders. home resource center measuring how to measure blinds learn how to measure windows for blinds, shades and shutters with our user-friendly guides. follow along with quick video tutorials, or view step-by-step written instructions. menu ❮ help faq how to choose measuring installation energy efficiency video gallery our guarantee shipping policies promotions and exclusions privacy policy do not sell my information terms of use child safety specialty windows commercial sales blinds care contact us about us california supply chain act sitemap overview inside mount important note: for all measurements, record the exact size of the window opening. do not make any deductions. make sure your window has enough depth for the product you have chosen (see the "mounting requirements" section for your product). if your window does not have sufficient depth, select another product or an outside mount. measure width. for roller shades, sheer shades and vertical blinds, record the width at the top of the window only. for all other window coverings, record the top, middle and bottom measurements, using the smallest of the three for your width. measure height at the left, middle and right sides. use the shortest measurement of the three for sheer shades, vertical blinds and shutters. outside mount measure the width and height of the area you want your blinds to cover. your product will be made to the exact measurements you specify. for roller shades, consider adding more width than with other products. include additional height for the mounting brackets, which are up to 2 1/2" tall. take note of obstructions like alarm systems, molding, doorknobs and deadbolts that might get in the way of your window covering. some products are available with spacer blocks or extension brackets to help clear these obstructions. view general installation instructions by category blinds fabric blinds faux wood blinds mini blinds panel track blinds vertical blinds wood blinds vinyl blinds shades cellular shades dual sheer shades outdoor shades pleated shades roller shades solar shades roman shades sheer shades sheer vertical shades vertical cellular shades woven wood shades shutters wood and faux wood shutters draperies custom draperies drapery hardware by window type angle tops arches skylights blinds fabric blinds shop now fabric blinds combine the functionality of traditional blinds with the soft elegance of fabric shades—the perfect marriage of good looks and easy operation. measuring instructions faux wood blinds shop now offering the look of real wood at a lower price, faux wood blinds are a hit among window decorators. these popular blinds are moisture-resistant and work well throughout the home, especially areas of high humidity. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions mini blinds shop now mini blinds are inexpensive and durable while providing excellent light control. these sleek blinds come in a variety of colors and options to suit any space. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions panel track blinds shop now a common dressing for large windows and sliding glass doors, sliding panels provide easy light control and a range of décor-enhancing styles. measuring instructions vertical blinds shop now ideal for patios and sliding glass doors, vertical blinds are made from vinyl, fabric or faux wood. choose from a range of fashionable colors and textures. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions wood blinds shop now bring the elegance and warmth of real wood right into your living room, or any other room in your home. genuine wood blinds feature top-notch craftsmanship and timeless appeal. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions vinyl blinds shop now versatile and resistant to wear and tear, vinyl blinds make a great addition to any space. compared to aluminum, the vinyl slats are quieter and more malleable, making them a popular alternative to aluminum blinds! measuring instructions shades cellular shades shop now light control, energy efficiency, understated good looks and plenty of options—cellular shades have it all. also known as honeycomb shades, they’re a smart choice for any decorator. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions dual sheer shades shop now dual shades consist of a single piece of fabric that has alternating stripes of sheer and light-filtering material looping continuously around a roller system, enabling you to block light or create a distinctive “zebra” pattern filtering into your room. measuring instructions outdoor shades shop now if you have a patio, deck or sunroom, you want to maintain your view while guarding against harmful uv rays. outdoor shades, made from woven, all-weather fabrics, are the perfect solution. measuring instructions pleated shades shop now decorative fabrics with clean lines make pleated shades a star in terms of looks and texture. choose from a variety of colors, sizes, opacities and upgrades to make your shades stand out even more. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions roller shades shop now versatile and effortlessly attractive, roller shades are a great choice for modern décor. with a broad spectrum of light control options, you can perfectly balance privacy with your ability to see outside, all while guarding against sunlight. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions solar shades shop now versatile and effortlessly attractive, solar shades are a great choice for modern décor. with a broad spectrum of light control options, you can perfectly balance privacy with your ability to see outside, all while guarding against sunlight. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions roman shades shop now roman shades (or roman blinds) layer the look of handcrafted fabric on top of the sleek design of a window shade. affordably priced and easy to operate, roman shades are great for any home. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions sheer shades shop now sheer shades consist of horizontal vanes suspended between two fabric sheers, giving you the inviting warmth of soft fabric and the functionality of blinds. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions sheer vertical shades shop now give your large windows or sliding glass doors a soft, chic look with sheer vertical shades. measuring instructions vertical cellular shades shop now get the insulation and light control of cellular shades in vertical form—perfect for sliding glass doors and large windows. measuring instructions woven wood shades shop now if you seek a textured, back-to-nature appearance, woven wood shades are a fantastic fit. take advantage of the various styles, colors and options to add a touch of intrigue to your décor. inside mount video outside mount video measuring instructions shutters wood and faux wood shutters shop now the ultimate luxury window treatment, shutters offer excellent light control on top of classic beauty and top-notch craftwork. make a long-term investment in your home with wood or faux wood shutters. measuring instructions draperies custom draperies shop now ready for a real eye-catcher? custom draperies add dramatic, flowing beauty to your window while giving you more light control and decorative layering options. drapes are the perfect piece to tie your décor together. measuring instructions drapery hardware shop now complete the look of your custom draperies with exquisite drapery hardware, available in wood and metal and a range of adjustable options. measuring instructions by window type angle tops shop now these non-traditional windows can be a challenge to cover because of their odd shape, but don’t worry, you can dress your angle tops to perfection with our helpful guides. start by getting the perfect measurements: measuring instructions arches shop now also called sunbursts, these unique windows pay homage to the classic arch shape that’s been an architectural staple for millennia. despite their odd shape, arches are relatively easy to measure! measuring instructions skylights shop now skylights allow an abundance of beautiful sunshine into your home, but you won’t always want the light pouring in. consider skylight shades or blinds to maintain light control—they’re attractive and easy to operate. measuring instructions shop blinds, shades & more angle tops arches cellular shades custom draperies drapery hardware dual sheer shades fabric blinds faux wood blinds mini blinds outdoor shades panel track blinds pleated shades roller shades roman shades sheer shades sheer vertical shades wood shutters faux wood shutters shutters (all) skylights solar roller shades vertical blinds vertical cellular shades vinyl blinds wood blinds woven wood shades helpful links resource center check order status frequently asked questions how to measure how to install child safety matters commercial sales shipping & policies affiliates about us contact us privacy & security do not sell my information tax exempt terms of use california supply chain act sitemap sign up & save 25% on orders of $299 or greater. subscribe contact us 800-575-8016 sales hours mon - fri 8am - 11pm | sat - sun 10am - 9pm est customer service hours mon - fri 8am - 11pm | sat - sun 10am - 7pm est facebook social icon youtube social icon pinterest social icon houzz social icon © 2020 copyright american blinds viewing prices as of show current prices logged in as empty cart logout on behalf of current yourself