来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506103435/https://www.americanblinds.com/help/policies
================================================================================

shipping & policies | american blinds need assistance? call 800-575-8016 videos resource center check order status all products shades cellular/honeycomb shades roller shades solar shades pleated shades roman shades bamboo/woven wood shades dual sheer/zebra shades sheer shades outdoor shades blinds faux wood blinds wood blinds mini blinds vertical blinds vinyl blinds fabric blinds venetian blinds verticals vertical blinds sheer vertical blinds panel track blinds vertical cellular shades shutters wood shutters faux wood shutters draperies custom draperies drapery hardware specialty skylight shades arches angle tops door blinds parts & accessories by feature blackout cordless top-down/bottom-up expedited motorized child safe lookbook swatches sales cart shop online 24/7 or talk to a design consultant for free! american blinds policiesproduct warrantywe extend the following warranty to the original purchaser of window treatments.what is covered:manufacturer defects and shipping damage (reported within 15 calendar days)materials, operating mechanisms (including cords and ladders), and other parts are covered for 3 years (starting from the date of delivery), provided window covering is installed to specifications in installation instructions.proof of purchase is required.what is not covered:variations in texture, construction or color of natural products, slight warping of wood products, and natural color changes to materials that take place over time.product failure due to any of the following:improper installation, operation, or cleaning.normal wear and tear as a result of time and repetitive daily habits. examples of normal wear and tear include faded blinds/shades from continued exposure to the sun or a frayed pull string that has worn out through normal use.excessive exposure to heat, sunlight, or moisture.damage from children, pets, or insects.improper cleaning.alteration of any kind.products that exceed size recommendations or are outside of product specifications (as shown on product page).resolution of warranty issues:repair or replace: we will determine, at our discretion, whether the product will be repaired or replaced.product discontinuation: if a product replacement is needed for a discontinued product still under warranty, we will provide a substitute product that matches as closely as possible. in the event that there are multiple products in the same room, only the defective product will be repaired or replaced. every effort will be made to match the original specifications.shipping costs: after a 1 year period, the customer is responsible for any shipping costs associated with warranty repair.after warranty expiration: unfortunately, once your warranty has expired, we will not be able to replace or repair your original window covering. however, we will be happy to help you purchase a new product that meets your needs.resolution procedures: call the number on our website, and provide your original order number.this warranty takes the place of all other stated warranties, whether written or oral. in no event shall we be liable for incidental or consequential damages that may result from any defect in product or breach of this warranty. we reserve the right to inspect any part or component prior to replacements. in order for repair or replacement to be made, a bill of sale, canceled check, or other payment record verifying the original purchase date must be presented to us. the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages may vary according to the state of purchase, therefore the above limitations or exclusions may not be applicable to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights and may also include other rights which may vary from state to state.errors in your orderall products sold on american blinds are custom-made to your specifications, so it is very important that you follow our measuring and installation instructions. it is equally important that you review your order confirmation email for accuracy. of course we understand that mistakes can occur. if we make a mistake on your order we will either repair or remake your product at no charge to you. if you make a mistake in measuring or ordering, please contact us within 30 calendar days after delivery to your home and we will have your product remade at a discount. if a replacement is necessary, a shipping fee might be required depending on the size of the  window covering or the shipping location.should we suspect that an issue with a product is caused by vendor error, we will require photos of problematic blinds to be shared with us so that we can verify the error. once we verify the issue, we can authorize a remake or credit, as determined appropriate by americablinds.com.changing or canceling your orderall products are made to order and production normally begins the day after an order is placed. therefore, we are happy to change or cancel orders as long as you contact us within one (1) calendar day from the date the order was submitted to us. please call our customer service department at 800-575-8016 for assistance.address changes will not be accepted after the manufacturer has shipped your product.color disclaimerdue to variances between different color monitors the colors that appear on your screen may not be exact.we strongly encourage you to request free swatches prior to ordering. we guarantee your satisfaction with the color only if you order swatches from american blinds before purchasing your product (swatch and purchased product must be the same). photos of the received product that are not working for your window covering needs may be required to better assist in getting the correct reorder.stained finish real wood blinds:there are natural variances in the wood’s color, grain, etc. that cause dye lots to vary in color. although we consider these variances to be minimal, there is no way to ensure an exact color with stained wood blinds. if you are ordering real wood blinds with a stained color finish, be sure to purchase all your blinds at the same time so they are manufactured from the same dye lot. we will only guarantee a color match for blinds that are purchased together on the same order.natural wood shades (woven wood):natural wood shades are made from bamboo, rattan, reeds, jutes and other natural woods. because they are a natural product, the colors can vary substantially between dye lots. if you are ordering natural wood shades and you want them to match, make certain you purchase all of your shades at the same time so they are manufactured from the same material lot. we will only guarantee a color match for shades that are purchased together on the same order. please note that the color of our bermuda pattern varies from a light green to a yellow/tan depending on when the bamboo is harvested. green bamboo should gradually change to a more yellow/tan color over time.freight damage & missing partsupon receipt of your order please be sure to inspect boxes carefully and alert your driver to any immediately observed damage. if items are damaged, do not discard the boxes! photos of the received damaged product from shipping may be required to share with the vendor for reorder.please report any freight claims to american blinds customer service within 14 calendar days of the original delivery date.if any parts are missing from your order (including installation materials such as screws and brackets), please contact us within 30 calendar days and we’ll help you get replacement parts. if it has been more than 30 calendar days since you received your order, there will be a charge for any requested parts.shipping policiesit is very important that you provide all correct and current customer information, included address and valid phone number. if you find an error in your information on an order already placed, please call our contact center as soon as possible to correct your information. unfortunately, if the address entered is incorrect and the order has already been shipped, you will be responsible for any fee that occurs for the change. *potential situations that can incur shipping fees shipment is free within the united states, with the following exceptions:we cannot ship shutters to hawaii or alaska.to ship to hawaii and alaska, we charge a fee of $30 by item on all oversized orders (96” and above). we'll contact you by phone and email to collect this fee after purchase. should you not pay the required fee within 24 hours of email contact, your order will be cancelled. be aware, we cannot ship shutters to hawaii or alaska.colorado delivery feeeffective july 1, 2022, colorado imposes a retail delivery fee on all deliveries by motor vehicle to a location in colorado with at least one item of tangible personal property subject to state sales or use tax.the retailer or marketplace facilitator that collects the sales or use tax on the tangible personal property sold and delivered, including delivery by a third party, is liable to collect and remit the retail delivery fee. deliveries include when any taxable goods are mailed, shipped, or otherwise delivered by motor vehicle to a purchaser in colorado.the retail delivery fee is due at the same time as your sales tax return. returns are generally filed on a monthly basis and must be filed on or before the 20th day of the month following each reporting period. retailers permitted to file state sales tax returns on a quarterly, annual, or other basis will file the retail delivery fee return on the same schedule.other notes on shipping:no shipments can be made to po box addresses.no shipments can be made to military bases outside the continental united states (apo and fpo addresses).for the fastest service possible, we ship most products directly from the manufacturing facility located closest to you.address changes are not permitted once the manufacturer has shipped your product.all delivery times listed on americanblinds.com’s website or on any other americanblinds.com material (ads, direct mail, emails, etc.) are estimates.oversized shipping if your package is too large to ship by ups or fedex (oversized products are typically identified as any product over 96” in width), the products will be shipped from the manufacturer’s facility via freight carrier, usually to your front door. in this situation, the shipping carrier will call you to arrange delivery.  please make sure to answer any phone calls from the shipping carrier to ensure timely delivery. should you want to add a secondary phone number to ensure contact, you can call into our call center as well and we can add it to your order. for oversized products or orders where there are issues with the delivery address, our team will attempt contact at the phone number entered three times. if there is no contact made after 3 attempts, the order will need to be field destroyed. the customer will be responsible for any remake or recharge for shipping. once your product arrives, we highly recommend you immediately inspect all products for damage. a few notes to be aware of upon delivery:product(s) with minor damage may be able to be used and should be accepted and noted.there is a 14-day time period to report any unusable product for a remake. please contact us within 14 days of receiving your package if you think you need a remake.you will be responsible for the disposal of all shipping and packaging materials including pallets used for large shipments.sales taxin compliance with state tax laws, we charge state sales tax.promotional code, discount and coupon exclusions*promotions or discounts - limit one discount coupon per order. must be used in one transaction. not redeemable for cash, gift cards, gift certificates or store credit. offer valid only while supplies last or until expiration date and not applicable to canceled orders due to out-of-stock merchandise. discount does not apply to taxes, shipping and handling charges or similar charges. returns or exchanges where a restock, remake or other discount was applied may result in an adjusted refund amount. promotional offers may be modified or terminated at any time without notice.select products, at times, may be excluded from promotional discounts during a sitewide sale. in this situation, a specific product or products will not display a discount when viewed and no discount will apply to the cost of an excluded item when a promotion is applied at checkout. varying products may be excluded from a promotion at any time. products excluded from a sale will be visible on the website or promotional materials.promotion and sale detailsinformation on promotional offers and discounts for merchandise.also referred to as "buy one, get one 50% off" or "bogo 50%" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive 50% off a second product of lesser or equal value when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the 50% discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.also referred to as "buy one, get one 60% off" or "bogo 60%" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive 60% off a second product of lesser or equal value when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the 60% discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.also referred to as "buy one, get one free" or "bogo" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. the customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive a second product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.also referred to as "buy two, get one free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. the customer will pay full price for the first two products and a then receive a third product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.also referred to as "buy three, get one free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. the customer will pay full price for the first three products and a then receive a fourth product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.also referred to as "buy three, get one free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. the discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. the customer will pay full price for the first four products and a then receive a fifth product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. where 5 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.promotional messaging and sales that include "up to" phrasing describe a tiered sales event in which the mentioned sale items would be discounted at a percentage number within a range described in the promotion."selected products" references the specific items currently on sale. save "up to" any percent is a general term to define the maximum discount within a range of discounts included in that sale. products on sale can be listed at a discount anywhere between 1% - a set maximum percent off standard retail value in this example. all sale items and their individual discounts will be displayed on the website on each sale item. promotions of this type may be for any sale percentage.examples:save up to 45% sitewide - all items will be on sale but at different discounts ranging up to 45%.save up to 50% on selected products - selected items on sale will vary in discounts that range up to 50% off.bali motorized recall noticepdf downloadfavorite_bordersaleamerican blinds legacy light filtering cellular shades327 reviews$53.99save 45%$29.69(24 x 36 inches)shop nowfavorite_borderbali 2 1/2 inch faux wood blinds13 reviews$218.99(24 x 36 inches)shop nowfavorite_bordersaleamerican blinds legacy blackout cellular shades 158 reviews$101.99save 45%$56.09(24 x 36 inches)shop now shop blinds, shades & more angle tops arches cellular shades custom draperies drapery hardware dual sheer/zebra shades fabric blinds faux wood blinds mini blinds outdoor shades panel track blinds pleated shades roller shades roman shades sheer shades sheer vertical shades wood shutters faux wood shutters shutters (all) skylights solar roller shades vertical blinds vertical cellular shades vinyl blinds wood blinds woven wood shades resources blog helpful links blog resource center check order status frequently asked questions how to measure how to install child safety matters commercial sales shipping & policies affiliates about us contact us privacy & security do not sell or share my personal information tax exempt terms of use california supply chain act veterans advantage sitemap contact us 800-575-8016 sales hours mon - fri 8am - 11pm | sat - sun 10am - 9pm est customer service hours mon - fri 8am - 11pm | sat - sun 10am - 7pm est facebook social icon youtube social icon pinterest social icon houzz social icon © 2025 copyright american blinds