来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161130011945/https://www.jtv.com/help/help-termsandconditions.html
================================================================================

jewelry television terms and conditions free shippingsitewidedetails 0 items view your cart » my account login to see your information » new customer? create an account » order status wish list 800-581-3002 jtv blog search watch us live recent items weekly product recap program guide channel finder meet our hostsgirlfriend friday drop auctions jtv extra tvairing now shop by type rings earrings bracelets necklaces watches jewelry sets jewelry accessories new jewelry jewelry sale men's jewelry children's jewelry all jewelry shop by gemstone amethyst jewelry chrome diopside jewelry diamond jewelry moissanite fire jewelry morganite jewelry opal jewelry pearl jewelry spinel jewelry quartz jewelry tanzanite jewelry topaz jewelry all gemstone jewelry specialty storesfall trendsgold jewelry online exclusives opportunity buys fashion jewelry bridal jewelry estate jewelry metal jewelry animal jewelry birthstone jewelry the vault design your own engagement ring jtv brands and collections artisan gem collections bella luce genusis pearl jewelry moda al massimo off park jewelry park avenue diamonds southwest style jewelry splendido oro titanic jewelry vanna k jewelry all jewelry brands jewelry shop by type loose gemstones gemstone kits sets and parcels matched pairs mineral specimens settings gemology tools gemstone education new gemstones gemstone sale all gemstones shop by stone amethyst apatite aquamarine citrine chrome diopside demantoid emerald fluorite garnet kunzite moissanite morganite opal peridot rhodolite ruby sapphire spinel tanzanite topaz tourmaline zultanite specialty stores created gemstones precious gems | the vaultonline exclusives unique gems sonja kreis designs brands & collections the presidents collection cor-de-rosa morganite masasi blue garnet masasi bordeaux garnet zandrite colheita fire opal gemvue gemoro gemstones beads by type bead sets bead strands bead strand sets glass man made natural shop by brand art clay™ beadalon® jooltool™ soft flex wubbers shop by type beads jewelry making kits jewelry making tools findings & accessories storage & organization jewel school outlet project kits education & resources books and dvds free jewel school projects jewel school blog jewel school glossary watch project videos experts dale armstrong wyatt white patti bullard jackie truty jewel school shop by typegifts for her gifts for himgifts for children jewelry storagejewelry accessories shop all shop by brand mele & company cross case gifts by price gifts under $25 gifts $25-$50 gifts $50-$100 gifts $100-$250 gifts $250-$500 occasion wedding gifts holiday gifts gifts shop by type jewelry rings loose gemstones jewel school gifts shop all deals almost gone specials shop all clearance drop auctions shop by price under $25 $25 - $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $250 $250 - $500 $500 and up clearance featured articles articles by category glossary gemopedia gemstone enhancement jewelry education free jewel school projects jtv blog jtv experts jtv collections learning library save 15% on the jtv price sitewide! details help account broadcast & programming community policy contact us general jewel safe plan jtv drop auctions™ jtv preferred account live viewer moissanite fire™ warranty orders paypal privacy policy products returns reviews shipping stretchpay™ terms and conditions help terms and conditions welcome to jewelry television® and to jtv.com! these terms and conditions are entered into by and between you and america’s collectibles network, inc. d/b/a jewelry television® (“jtv”) (the “agreement”). by accessing and/or using the jtv.com website including linked sites (the "website") and/or by ordering products and/or services offered on the website or the jtv television network (the “network”), you are agreeing to this agreement. if you do not agree to be bound by the agreement, then you cannot access or use the website or make an order on the website or the network. jtv is affiliated with a variety of other companies (“affiliated companies”) such as multimedia commerce group, inc. (“mcgi”), the parent company of jtv. for purposes of these terms and conditions, affiliated companies shall include any entity or joint venture that is wholly or partially owned or controlled by jtv or mcgi, that wholly or partially owns or controls jtv or mcgi, or that is related to jtv or mcgi through common ownership. the references to “jtv” in these terms and conditions also refer to affiliated companies that utilize jtv.com or that link to these terms and conditions from another website. use of the website. use of the website is restricted to individuals who are either age 18 or over, or those between the ages of 13 and 18, who are using the website with the permission of a parent or guardian. by using the website, you represent to jtv that you are in one of these age categories. in addition to agreeing to the terms and conditions contained herein, you agree to abide by any and all laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning your use of the website and/or the network. as a condition of access to and use of the website and/or the network, you warrant to jtv that you will not access or use the website or the network for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this agreement. if you would like, you may register on the website by creating an account. in order to register, you must provide your name (not an assumed name), valid address, valid email address and valid phone number. you are responsible for providing jtv with updated contact information. jtv will rely on the most recent information provided by you in order to contact you. it is your sole responsibility to maintain the security of your account and password. your password is for your personal use only and may not be used by any third party, even with your permission. you are solely responsible for any and all actions taken under your password on this website. you agree to be financially responsible for all of your use of this website. mobile site and applications (“apps”). you may also access the website from your mobile phone or other device via jtv’s mobile site or mobile apps (the “mobile services”), including the ability to research products and place orders. jtv does not charge for this access, but your mobile carrier’s normal data, internet, text messaging (sms), and other service fees and charges apply to your use of, and access to, the mobile services. you are responsible for all charges and fees from your mobile carrier. do not use the mobile services while driving. the mobile services may not be compatible with all mobile devices and carriers. if you have installed the mobile app on your mobile device, you may receive “push” messages from jtv even when the mobile app is not active, unless you “opt out” of receiving such messages. you agree that jtv may communicate with you by sms, mms, or other electronic means and that certain information about your usage of the mobile services may be communicated to jtv. data about your location may be transmitted to jtv in order to provide you with certain information such as the jtv broadcast channel in your area. jtv does not guarantee that the mobile services will be available at all times or in all areas. unfortunately, no data transmission via a mobile device can be guaranteed to be 100% secure; accordingly, you acknowledge that your use of the mobile services, including the transmission of personal information, is at your own risk. all terms and conditions pertaining to the website also apply to the mobile services. price and ordering. all prices shown on the website and the network are quoted in united states dollars. in addition to the price for goods and services, jtv will add charges for shipping and handling and also sales tax (where required by law) to all orders. jtv reserves the right without prior notice to discontinue or change specifications and prices on products and services offered on the website and the network without incurring any obligation to you. descriptions of, or references to, products or services on the website and/or the network do not imply endorsement of that product or service, or constitute a warranty, by jtv. the receipt by you of an order confirmation does not constitute jtv's acceptance of an order. prior to jtv’s acceptance of an order, verification of information may be required. jtv reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order, or any portion thereof, even after your receipt of an order confirmation from jtv, for any reason. jtv reserves the right to limit the order quantity on any item and to refuse service to any customer without prior notification. in the event that a product or service is listed at an incorrect price for any reason, including, without limitation, due to supplier pricing information, typographical error, or any other error, jtv shall have the right to refuse or cancel orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, jtv shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. video content about an item, including recorded programming, is offered only to provide information about the features of that item. it may not reflect present prices, promotional offers or availability. jtv drop auctions. in these auctions, you bid while the price falls. the auction will begin at a start price reasonably determined by jtv in its sole discretion. a digital display will then show the price of the item dropping. the rate at which the price falls is affected by various factors, including the number of people on the jtv drop auctions site. when you see a price at which you want to purchase the item, click “freeze price,” and subject to quantity limitations, one (1) of the available items will be placed in your shopping cart at the price indicated. you may not purchase more than one (1) item. you will have a limited time to complete your purchase. your shopping cart will display a digital counter, which will indicate the time remaining to finalize your purchase. quantities available in many auctions are limited, and until you click “order,” the item will not be reserved for you. in other words, the item may no longer be available for purchase if other customers click “order” before you do. if you do not complete your purchase within the allotted time, the item will be removed from your shopping cart,even if quantities remain available for sale. in that event, you will not be able to purchase the item unless it is made available for sale again by jtv, through another jtv drop auction or otherwise. jtv reserves the right to end auctions at any time for any reason it determines in its sole discretion. typically an auction ends when the items allocated to the auction by jtv are sold out or when the reserve (floor) price is reached. jtv will set the reserve price at an amount it determines in its sole discretion. jtv reserves the right to reject any bid for any reason determined by it in its sole discretion, including the failure of the bidder’s method of payment. the other terms and conditions in this document also apply to your purchase. stretch pay™ installment payment program (“stretch pay™"). stretchpay™ allows you to purchase certain items by paying a deposit and making installment payments over a specified amount of time. jtv will designate any item that is eligible for stretchpay™ (an “sp eligible item”) with a graphic or other indicator on its broadcast and on the website. jtv will also designate the deposit and the number of installment payments that will be accepted for each sp eligible item. the amounts of the deposit and the installments will be calculated as follows. the product price will be divided by the deposit and number of monthly installments. shipping and handling, applicable taxes and all services (including, without limitation, jewel safe™ warranties, appraisals and sizing) will be added to the deposit amount. in some instances, the product price cannot be paid in precisely equal payment amounts. when that occurs, the deposit may be adjusted appropriately, usually only by a few cents, to make sure the purchase price is paid in full. the following example demonstrates how the amounts of the deposit and each installment will be calculated. a customer orders a $250 tanzanite ring through a three payment stretchpay™ installment offer. shipping and handling is $3.95, and the customer wants an appraisal that costs $50. the deposit payment would be $137.29 ($83.34 + $3.95 + $50). the two monthly installment payments would be $83.33 each. the following methods of payment can be used for sp eligible items: visa, mastercard, american express, and discover card (each referred to as an “sp eligible mop”). by choosing to use stretchpay™ on any sp eligible item, you authorize jtv to charge your sp eligible mop for the deposit on the day the sp eligible item ships. an appropriate number of installment(s) will be charged every 30 days thereafter until the price of the sp eligible item is paid in full. if any charge for an sp eligible item is declined, we may resubmit it the number of times permitted by payment card rules. if the charge is declined after being resubmitted as permitted by the payment card rules, we may charge you reasonable costs of collection. in order to avoid declines, you agree to provide us with updated information if the number changes on your sp eligible mop or the card expires, and you authorize us to charge updated card information that we may obtain from other sources. disputes concerning your participation in the stretch pay™ program (including past due payments) are subject to jtv’s disputes policy contained in these terms and conditions. you must choose to participate in stretchpay™ at the time you order an sp eligible item. stretchpay™ cannot be used with an existing order or on any item that is not an sp eligible item. by purchasing any sp eligible item, you agree to be bound by jtv’s terms and conditions, including the above terms and conditions for stretchpay™. you also agree that to the extent required by law, by purchasing any item from jtv, through placing an order with our call center, providing your debit/credit card number, providing other identifying information, by ordering on our website and/or any other actions to effect an order, you have provided your electronic signature agreeing to jtv’s terms and conditions and otherwise agree to jtv’s terms and conditions. shipping. the risk of loss and title for all products purchased by you and shipped by jtv pass to you upon jtv's delivery to the carrier for delivery by the carrier to your specified delivery address. the risk of loss and title for all products purchased by you and shipped directly by one of jtv’s vendors pass from such vendor to you upon such vendor's delivery to the carrier for delivery by the carrier to your specified delivery address. notwithstanding the agreement that risk of loss for any package passes to you upon delivery to the carrier, to accommodate our customers, jtv will assume responsibility for any damage or loss in transit or for non-delivery, provided that jtv receives a written notice of claim within the earlier to occur of (i) forty-five (45) days from the order date, (ii) thirty (30) days from the shipment day, or (iii) twenty (20) days from the date when the shipment was delivered to your specified delivery address. jtv’s assumption of responsibility for damage or loss in transit or for non-delivery terminates if a written claim is not timely received by jtv. in any event, jtv’s responsibility is limited to either replacement of the merchandise or at jtv’s sole option, return of the purchase price and shipping charges. once the package is delivered to your specified delivery address, jtv’s assumption of responsibility for non-delivery terminates. any package signed for at your specified delivery address or delivery at your specified delivery address is verified in writing by the carrier shall be conclusively deemed delivered to your specified delivery address. additional terms. policies that are contained in the help section of jtv’s website will also affect your relationship with jtv. these policies are part of this agreement and provide additional terms and conditions concerning your dealings with jtv. for example, currently the terms and conditions on the following topics are contained in our website’s help section, and are additional terms and conditions that will govern our relationship: shipping returns orders jtv community policy each of these policies may be changed from time to time. also, new topics and/or programs may be added to our website and/or our network. changes and/or additions take effect when jtv posts them on the website. the above policies and rules are hereby incorporated into this agreement. also, any activities and transactions on another internet site linked to jtv.com are subject to these terms and conditions and in addition any terms and conditions specified in the linked site. in the event of inconsistencies between the terms and conditions of this site and the linked site, the terms and conditions of the linked site prevail. access and interference. you agree that you will not: take any action that imposes or may impose (in jtv’s sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on jtv’s infrastructure; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the website for any purpose without jtv’s express written permission; interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the website or any activities conducted on the website. diamonddesigngallery.com. this site links to diamonddesigngallery.com, which is affiliated with jtv.com. for the terms and conditions and policies applying to activity and transactions on that linked site, please visit diamonddesigngallery.com. user submissions. any information or other communications you transmit to jtv, including any questions, comments, or suggestions will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary in nature, subject to the provisions of jtv’s applicable privacy policy and the jtv community policy as well as applicable policies referenced above. website content the text, images, logos, graphics, photographs, descriptions, illustrations, data and other material on the website, as well as the selection, assembly and management thereof are herein collectively referred to as the "content" jtv reserves the right to discontinue, correct, delete, update, or change any content, product specifications and prices at anytime without notice to you. unless otherwise agreed in writing, the content is the exclusive property of jtv and is protected under the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights that are owned by jtv or by third parties that have licensed their use to jtv. unless jtv agrees otherwise in writing, your use of the content is limited to your own personal, non-commercial use in connection with shopping and ordering on the website and for no other purpose. any use, by you or anyone else authorized by you, other than that specifically authorized in this agreement or in writing by jtv is strictly prohibited. any unauthorized use of the content may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark or service mark displayed on the website without the written permission of jtv or any third party that may own the trademarks or service marks displayed on the website. jtv will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. the content may contain errors, inaccuracies, omission and typographical errors or may be out of date. you acknowledge that jtv provides the content for informational purposes only and that any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions in the content are not binding on jtv unless specifically indicated to be so. changes and amendments. jtv reserves the right to change and amend these terms and conditions from time to time without prior notice to you. such changes and amendments shall become effective immediately upon the posting of same to the website. you are responsible for reviewing the website periodically for any modification to this agreement that may affect your rights or obligations hereunder. your continued access and use of the website and/or placing orders on the network after the posting of changes and amendments shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of any revisions or additions. termination of agreement. jtv shall have the right to terminate this agreement with you at any time and without notice to you. in the event of the termination of this agreement, you agree that you are no longer authorized to access or use the website and/or the network and that you will immediately cease your use of the website and the network. the restrictions imposed on you with respect to the content as defined above in website content, and the disclaimers, indemnities, and limitations of liabilities set forth in these terms and conditions shall survive termination. jtv shall be under no obligation to continue operation of the website or the network. jtv may terminate operation of the website or the network or any portion thereof, or any products or services offered through the website or the network or terminate any individual's right to access or use the website or the network at any time without notice to you, in its sole discretion, without any liability to you whatsoever. indemnity. you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless jtv, its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, and agents from any claim, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or relating to your breach of this agreement or your access to or use of the website or the network; provided, however, this indemnity shall not apply to any claim, losses, damages, liabilities, costs or demands resulting from jtv’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. the foregoing indemnification obligation shall survive termination of this agreement and the website and any product or service provided to you arising out of or relating to your use of the website or the network. breach of this agreement. in the event that you breach any part of this agreement, jtv may immediately issue a warning to you, temporarily suspend or terminate your membership and refuse to provide services to you, in addition to all other rights or remedies available at law or equity. links to other third party sites. links to other internet sites operated by third parties do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval by jtv of the content, policies or practices of such linked sites. linked sites are not operated, controlled, or maintained by jtv, and jtv is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, terms and conditions, or practices of linked sites, including without limitation the accuracy of content on linked sites and the privacy policies and practices of linked sites. links to other sites are provided for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. about gemstone treatments. following a rigorous protocol, jtv verifies and attempts to inform its customers about material treatment of the stones jtv sells. despite jtv’s protocol, it is possible that some forms of material treatment may occur without jtv’s knowledge. the treatment information jtv provides is to the best of its knowledge. to learn more, visit jtv.com/library. disclaimer and limitation of liability as to the website and content. jtv makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with respect to the website, the content, or any linked website, including the availability of any website or the content information and materials on it or the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of that content, information and materials. jtv also does not warrant or represent that your access to or use of the website or any linked website will be uninterrupted or free of errors or omissions, that defects will be corrected, or that the website or any linked website is free of computer viruses or other harmful components. without limiting the foregoing the website and all content provided on the website is provided to users "as is," with no warranty of any kind, either express or implied including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement security or accuracy. the "as is" condition of content is expressly made a condition of any transaction arising through or as a result of the website. please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. under no circumstances shall jtv, its suppliers or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents be liable to you or to any third party for any indirect, consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages, whether in contract or in tort including negligence, arising in any way out of access to or use of or inability to access or use the website or any linked website or its contents, lost profits, business interruption or loss of programs or other data on computer systems or otherwise, even if jtv is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event shall jtv’s liability exceed ten dollars and no cents ($10.00). disclaimer and limitation of liability as to products and services. jtv wants you to be completely satisfied with your purchases through the website and the network. except for non-returnable items (items that have been sized, altered by a third party, sold as scratch and dent or otherwise non-returnable in accordance with jtv’s published policies), if for any reason you are not entirely pleased with a product you purchased from jtv simply return it as specified in jtv’s return policy within thirty (30) days of receipt for exchange or full refund of the purchase price. after expiration of the 30-day return period, jtv makes no warranties, express or implied and jtv disclaims all warranties, express or implied, to the full extent permissible by applicable law, including but not limited to express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. any warranties that may cover the products sold on the website or network may be provided by the applicable manufacturers. accordingly, except as specified above, jtv makes no representation or warranty with respect to any product or service sold. under no circumstances shall jtv, its suppliers or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents be liable to you or to any third party for any indirect, consequential, incidental special, or punitive damages, lost profits and business interruption whether in contract or in tort, including negligence, arising in any way from any product or service sold or provided on the website, even if jtv is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event shall jtv's liability exceed the price you paid for the product or service that is the subject of the claim. entire agreement. unless otherwise stated by jtv in writing, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between jtv and the user with respect to the subject hereof, and supersedes all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. applicable law. this agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties arising out of or relating in any manner to any product(s) purchased from jtv (on either the website or the network), orders placed for such product(s), return of such product(s), use of such product(s) and/or use of the website or network shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the state of tennessee, without regard to its conflicts or choice of law provisions. disputes. any controversy or claim arising out of or relating in any manner to any product(s) purchased from jtv (on either the website or the network), orders placed for such product(s), return of such product(s), use of such product(s) and/or use of the website or network (“claim”) shall be settled by individual binding arbitration administered by the american arbitration association (aaa) using the aaa's commercial dispute resolution procedures. any such arbitration shall be conducted only in one of the following locations, as selected by the party initiating arbitration: (i) knoxville, tennessee, (ii) cincinnati, ohio, or (iii) a location where jtv’s operations are located. any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and final and shall provide an explanation for all conclusions of law and fact and shall include the assessment of costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys' fees. an award of arbitration may be confirmed in a court of competent jurisdiction in the venue in which the arbitration is conducted or in knox county, tennessee. such arbitration shall be specific to you, and as such, you agree that you shall not bring and expressly waive your right to be a lead plaintiff or participant in, any action against jtv as part of a class filed either in arbitration or in any court. all parties retain the right to seek adjudication in a small claims tribunal in the county of your residence for disputes in amounts that are within the scope of such tribunal’s jurisdiction. you waive any right to consolidate or otherwise combine your claim with any claim(s) filed by other persons with such small claims tribunal. any dispute that cannot be adjudicated within the jurisdiction of a small claims tribunal shall be resolved by binding arbitration as described in and in accordance with, the terms of this agreement; provided however, that if applicable law limits jtv’s access to a small claims tribunal (including without limitation, by prohibiting corporations from filing small claims actions or by limiting the number of small claims that jtv can file), jtv retains the right to seek adjudication of its claims in a court of competent jurisdiction in the county of your residence. in the event the foregoing is held to be unenforceable by any court, you and jtv agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in knox county, tennessee to resolve any claim. any claim that you have with jtv must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action shall be barred. general. no waiver by jtv of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. if any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the terms herein and shall not affect the validity and enforceability other provisions of the agreement. the headings and captions in this agreement are intended for convenience only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of the agreement. jtv shall not be liable for any nonperformance or delay in performance caused by any act beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts or omissions of third parties, unavailability of supplies, equipment failure, war, strikes, lock-outs, fire, flood, or any other act of god, any law, regulation, ordinance, or other act or order of any court, government, or governmental agency, or delays, unavailability, errors, or other failures of the internet or other data networks. dmca notification agent. in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (dmca), jtv has designated an agent to receive notification of alleged copyright infringement occurring on the website. dmca notification agent attn: jtv legal department	9600 parkside drive	knoxville, tennessee 37922 e-mail:stephen.roth@jtv.com contents of notice the dmca requires that all notices of alleged copyright infringement be in writing. for jtv to act on your notice, you must be authorized to enforce the copyrights that you allege have been infringed. when informing jtv of an alleged copyright infringement, you should include the following information: identify the copyrighted work that allegedly has been infringed. if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are involved, please provide a representative list of such works on that website. describe the material that is claimed to be infringing and provide sufficient information to permit jtv to locate that material, including the item number, if applicable. provide your contact information, including an address, telephone number, facsimile number and, if available, an e-mail address. certify or include a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyright-protected material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, the owner's agent, or law. certify that the information that you have provided jtv is accurate. you should attest under penalty of perjury that you are authorized to enforce the copyrights that you allege have been infringed. include your physical or electronic signature. jtv may not be able to act on your complaint promptly or at all if you do not provide this information. last revised: june 30, 2016 back to top sign up for special offers subscribe shop jtv jewelry gemstones jewelry making gifts and collectibles clearance site map watch jtv watch us live channel finder program guide meet our hosts get to know us about us careers executive bios connect with our buyers closed captioning company history learn more learning library featured articles glossary gemopedia jewel school videos customer service help page order status contact us privacy policy terms and conditions track your jtv usps return jtv on google+ © america's collectibles network, inc. all rights reserved. 0 items my wish list close item description qty. price estimated order total: 0 total due today: 0 edit your cart close item description qty. price page 1 of 1 edit wish list