来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201219105900/https://www.jtv.com/help/returns
================================================================================

jtv returns policy | jtv.com shop now for guaranteed holiday delivery! click here for more details. skip to content online exclusive free shipping on orders $49+ keyword search search hello my account account sign in to see your information new customer? create an account my account order status 0 bag added to bag ×close your shopping bag is empty view your shopping bag lists live happening now airing now watch us live weekly product recap program guide channel finder jtv apps specialty shows girlfriend friday personalized style rockafellas meet our hosts jtv logo shop jtv extra watch jtvextra online on demand videos jtv rockstar designer on demand content download jtv live app watch jtv live from your apple tv, roku or amazon fire device this season jewelry shop by type rings earrings bracelets necklaces watches jewelry sets jewelry accessories jewelry sale men's jewelry kid's jewelry all jewelry trending styles fall trends animal jewelry bangle bracelets chain necklaces floral jewelry heart jewelry hoop earrings promise rings statement jewelry stud earrings vintage-inspired jewelry featured shops new jewelry metal jewelry gold jewelry silver jewelry online exclusives opportunity buys best sellers fashion jewelry bridal jewelry birthstone jewelry the vault resort jewelry brands all artisan collections artisan collection of bali bella luce enchanted disney fine jewelry genusis pearl jewelry moda al massimo off park jewelry paula deen jewelry park avenue collection southwest style jewelry splendido oro timna jewelry collection vanna k jewelry shop by gemstone amethyst jewelry black spinel jewelry chrome diopside jewelry diamond jewelry lab-grown diamond jewelry moissanite fire jewelry morganite jewelry opal jewelry pearl jewelry tanzanite jewelry topaz jewelry turquoise jewelry all gemstone jewelry shop by color black jewelry blue jewelry green jewelry pink jewelry red jewelry white jewelry yellow jewelry shop deals final sale one only brand sale as is deals just reduced holiday gift guide gifts to dazzle & delight for everyone on your shopping list! gemstones shop by gemstone amethyst chrome diopside emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire sphalerite tanzanite tourmaline zircon all gemstones shop by type loose gemstones gemstone kits sets and parcels matched pairs mineral specimens settings gemology tools gemstone education gemstone sale all gemstones featured shops created gemstones precious gems | the vault online exclusives phenomenal gems sisk gemology reference gemstone discovery app jtv kids brands the presidents collection build-a-bargain cor-de-rosa morganite masasi blue garnet masasi bordeaux garnet zandrite gemvue gemoro shop deals one only 15-25% off 25-50% off 50-75% off build-a-bargin gemstone gifts sift through our collection of loose gems for the collector on your list. jewelry making shop by type jewelry making kits jewelry making tools storage & organization jewel school outlet findings all jewelry making beads by type bead strands glass beads gemstone beads focal beads all beads stringing materials bead stringing cord bead stringing wire chain wire brands artistic wire dakota stones jewel school jooltool ottlite swarovski wubbers shop deals one only 15-25% off 25-50% off 50-75% off featured shops best sellers new arrivals online exclusives opportunity buys education and resources books and dvds jewel school projects jewelry making glossary watch project videos make a cloth face mask experts candie cooper dale armstrong wyatt white laura gasparrini all experts jewelry making from project guides to how-to videos, we have everything you need to create unique holiday gifts. gifts gift collections jewelry storage joan boyce accessories off park clutches jtv kids gift cards all gifts jewelry gifts diamonds under $50 earrings under $25 pendants under $25 bracelets under $25 jewelry sets under $50 shop deals gift clearance holiday gift guide holiday gift guide jtv gift cards send a little happy for the holidays. clearance shop by type jewelry rings earrings bracelets necklaces loose gemstones jewelry making gifts shop by price under $25 $25-$50 $50-$100 $100-$250 $250-$500 $500 and up shop by savings 15%-25% off 25%-50% off 50%-75% off shop deals one only brand sale as is deals final sale just reduced shop auctions shop jtv auctions jtv auctions bid to win your gifts for everyone on your list! learning library learning library articles by category gemstone glossary gemopedia gemstone enhancement jewelry education jewel school projects jtv experts gemstone discovery app blog blog fashion and trends gemstones jewelry box jewelry making travel gemopedia learn more about your favorite gemstones jtv auctions menu search account lists 0 bag keyword search sign in create an account my account order status added to bag ×close your shopping bag is empty view your shopping bag online exclusive free shipping on orders $49+ shop by category live happening now airing now watch us live weekly product recap program guide channel finder jtv apps specialty shows girlfriend friday personalized style rockafellas meet our hosts jtv logo shop jtv extra watch jtv extra online on demand videos jtv rockstar designer on demand content all live jewelry shop by type rings earrings bracelets necklaces watches jewelry sets jewelry accessories jewelry sale men's jewelry kid's jewelry all jewelry trending styles fall trends animal jewelry bangle bracelets chain necklaces floral jewelry heart jewelry hoop earrings promise rings statement jewelry stud earrings vintage-inspired jewelry featured shops new jewelry metal jewelry gold jewelry silver jewelry online exclusives opportunity buys best sellers fashion jewelry bridal jewelry birthstone jewelry the vault resort jewelry brands all artisan collections artisan collection of bali bella luce enchanted disney fine jewelry genusis pearl jewelry moda al massimo off park jewelry paula deen jewelry park avenue collection southwest style jewelry splendido oro timna jewelry collection vanna k jewelry shop by gemstone amethyst jewelry black spinel jewelry chrome diopside jewelry diamond jewelry lab-grown diamond jewelry moissanite fire jewelry morganite jewelry opal jewelry pearl jewelry tanzanite jewelry topaz jewelry turquoise jewelry all gemstone jewelry shop by color black jewelry blue jewelry green jewelry pink jewelry red jewelry white jewelry yellow jewelry shop deals final sale one only brand sale as is deals just reduced all jewelry gemstones shop by gemstone amethyst chrome diopside emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire sphalerite tanzanite tourmaline zircon all gemstones shop by type loose gemstones gemstone kits sets and parcels matched pairs mineral specimens settings gemology tools gemstone education gemstone sale all gemstones featured shops created gemstones precious gems | the vault online exclusives phenomenal gems sisk gemology reference gemstone discovery app jtv kids brands the presidents collection build-a-bargain cor-de-rosa morganite masasi blue garnet masasi bordeaux garnet zandrite gemvue gemoro shop deals one only 15-25% off 25-50% off 50-75% off build-a-bargin all gemstones jewelry making shop by type jewelry making kits jewelry making tools storage & organization jewel school outlet findings all jewelry making beads by type bead strands glass beads gemstone beads focal beads all beads stringing materials bead stringing cord bead stringing wire chain wire brands artistic wire dakota stones jewel school jooltool ottlite swarovski wubbers shop deals one only 15-25% off 25-50% off 50-75% off featured shops best sellers new arrivals online exclusives opportunity buys education and resources books and dvds jewel school projects jewelry making glossary watch project videos make a cloth face mask experts candie cooper dale armstrong wyatt white laura gasparrini all experts all jewelry making gifts gift collections jewelry storage joan boyce accessories off park clutches jtv kids gift cards all gifts jewelry gifts diamonds under $50 earrings under $25 pendants under $25 bracelets under $25 jewelry sets under $50 shop deals gift clearance holiday gift guide holiday gift guide all gifts clearance shop by type jewelry rings earrings bracelets necklaces loose gemstones jewel school gifts shop by price under $25 $25-$50 $50-$100 $100-$250 $250-$500 $500 and up shop by savings 15%-25% off 25%-50% off 50%-75% off shop deals one only brand sale as is deals final sale just reduced shop auctions shop jtv auctions all clearance learning library learning library articles by category glossary gemopedia gemstone enhancement jewelry education jewel school projects jtv experts gemstone discovery app blog blog fashion and trends gemstones jewelry box jewelry making travel all learning library jtv auctions all jtv auctions jtv jtv returns policy help jtv returns policy accessibility account auctions faqs brilliant cash™ broadcast programming community policy contact jtv gem-a courses faq general help & support gift cards gold exchange™ jewel safe jtv giveaway rules live viewer moissanite fire™ warranty orders paypal preferred account privacy policy products protecting your ssn refer a friend returns policy shipping policy stretchpay™ testimonials terms and conditions vendor application wait list returns policy what is your extended return policy? items purchased october 20, 2020 at 12:01am est through december 24, 2020 at 6:00pm est may be returned or exchanged through january 31, 2021. what is jtv's return policy? we at jtv want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. if you are not totally satisfied, just send it back in its condition “as shipped” to you within 30 days from the date of receipt for an exchange or a refund for the price of the item. no returns will be allowed and all sales are final after the 30-day return period. in jtv’s discretion, items received within 31-90 days of the day of customer’s receipt may be accepted and, if accepted, will be subject to a 25% restocking fee. we are unable to accept or process any returns received by us after 90 days from the date of customer’s original receipt of the item. for orders made under the stretchpay™ installment payment program, customer will receive a refund for the installment payments jtv has collected at the time we receive your item(s). note: we follow standard cd and dvd return policies. cds and dvds are nonreturnable if the cellophane is opened. returns are not accepted for any items that have been sized, altered in any manner by another jeweler, or sold as non-returnable. shipping and handling fees are nonrefundable. no items other than the ones listed on the front of the invoice may be included in any one return package; inclusion of other items may delay or prevent your refund. jtv will not accept partial item returns. the entire item and any accompanying appraisals and/or certificates must be sent back for exchange or refund. shipping and processing charges are non-refundable. how do i return an item? step 1: complete the return form included as part of your invoice: detach the top portion of the invoice and retain for your records. select your reason for return, exchange or repair and include the form in the return merchandise package. the return form must be included in your return package to receive proper credit. (if ordering online, please remember to print a copy of your invoice from the receipt page by hitting the print receipt button after purchase. anytime thereafter, you may access your invoice information by using the order status tool located at the top of the homepage, or in the confirmation email we sent you shortly after purchase. you may download the return information here.) step 2: package your return: if possible, use the original packing and completely remove or cover the original shipping label. seal the package securely with packaging tape. step 3: shipping your return: if your order is over $999.00, or if you prefer not to use the jtv return label, option 2 should be used. option 1: jtv return label by usps – most convenient - this service is not included on items over $999.00. remove the jtv return label from the front of the invoice apply jtv return label to the front of the package the jtv return label is specific to the order and should not be used to return other merchandise. drop the package in the mailbox, give it to your postal carrier or take it to the post office, and your return will be automatically protected after it is scanned at the post office. a charge of $6.99 will be deducted from your return credit amount. when using the jtv return label, there is no upfront postage or insurance charge. option 2: return on your own: remove the return address label from the front of the invoice and apply to the front of the package. if there is no return address label, address the package to: customer returns 190 hayfield road knoxville, tn 37922 take the package to the shipper of your choice. for the customer’s protection, merchandise not qualifying for the jtv return label return or returned on your own must be returned prepaid and insured via ups, fedex or us mail. keep the shipping receipt until the merchandise credit appears on your statement. no items other than the ones listed on the invoice covered by the return label may be included in the return; inclusion of other items may delay or result in no refund for items not listed on the invoice. any items returned beyond the designated time frames, if accepted, will be subject to a restocking fee. how/when will my refund be processed? refunds are issued to the original method of payment. credit/debit card transactions are refunded back to the credit/debit account. it may take up to two billing cycles for the credit to appear on your statement. can i return a pre-owned purchase? we want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. you may return the item for a refund within 30 days from the receipt of the item. can i return a “scratch and dent” purchase? all scratch and dent items are advertised as “non-returnable.” the defect in the merchandise is clearly advertised. if the item’s defect is greater than advertised, we will allow you to return the item, but the customer experience team must verbally authorize returns on all scratch and dent items. if you want to return a scratch and dent item, you must contact us at (800) 550-8393. i misplaced my pack slip/return label. what should i do? when ordering online, please remember to print a copy of your invoice from the receipt page by hitting the print receipt button after purchase. anytime thereafter, you may access your invoice information by using the order status tool located at the top of the homepage, or in the confirmation email we sent you shortly after purchase. you may print a copy of the return information here. simply complete the form and include it with your return. be sure to write your name, telephone number and order number on the form. if you wish to use the jtv return label service and do not have your invoice, you may contact the customer experience team for a copy of this label. if you need further assistance, you may call the customer experience team at (800) 550-8393. you may also contact us via email at customercare@jtv.com. please allow 24 to 48 hours to receive a response. so that we may assist you better, please have your order number and/or customer id readily available when you contact us. how long does it take jtv® to issue credit? upon receipt of your return, processing normally takes up to five (5) business days for the return department to complete credit of your refund to your method of payment. how is my echeck (telephone orders only) order refunded? echeck orders (telephone orders only) are held 7 - 8 days prior to shipment, giving us time to receive any echeck returns (unpaid) and prevent shipment. if a customer cancels their order after an echeck is submitted but before the product ships the refund generates but is held until the 7 - 8 day hold is fulfilled. on the 8th day the refund is submitted electronically to credit the customer’s checking account. when merchandise is returned, the echeck refund follows the same process as a credit card refund, although customers should see the funds process to their account within 2 to 3 business days from the date jtv submits the refund request. in the event that the checking account is closed or that your bank will not accept the electronic refund, a paper refund check will be mailed to you via united states postal service. please allow three to four weeks for arrival. why is my refund not on my payment type statement? after the transaction is finalized from jtv to your financial institution, the financial institution must post it to your account. generally, this is processed within seven business days. depending on their policies, posting may take up to thirty (30) days from the date we returned it to your financial institution. jtv is not responsible for the posting policies of your financial institution. if you have questions, contact your financial institution directly. where do i take my package once it is ready to be returned? the package can be placed in your mailbox or any of the other united states postal services 250,000 + blue drop boxes. what is the price i will have to pay using the jtv return label service? there is no up front fee for using this service. a charge of $6.99 will be deducted from your total refund which will be placed on your original method of payment. do i have to use the jtv return label to return my item? no, if you choose to return the item on your own you can. you can still reuse the original packaging and make sure the return address on the package is addressed to: customer returns 190 hayfield road knoxville, tn 37922 you can then take the package to shipper of your choice. (jtv will not refund the cost of returning the package back to us). do i need to purchase insurance for my package if the jtv return label is used? no, insurance is covered in the price of the service. i want to make an exchange, what happens if i use the jtv return label to return my item? nothing, there is no charge if you are exchanging an item. your exchange will process as normal. how do i track the status of my return? you can track the status of your return online via the usps website. facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube send a little happy to those you love with a jtv gift card. 1-800-581-3002 shop jewelry clearance rings earrings necklaces bracelets jewelry making featured bella luce® birthstones bridal diamond gold · pearls moissanite fire tanzanite view currently on air jtv live stream channel finder program guide meet our hosts jtv extra trends about about jtv careers events executives gemopedia library jewel school sitemap help customer support contact us accessibility order status privacy policy (updated 10-26-20) returns policy terms & conditions ©2000-  america's collectibles network, inc. all rights reserved.