来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201219105900/https://www.jtv.com/help/gift-cards?prm=PRM2571048
================================================================================

jtv gift cards | jtv.com shop now for guaranteed holiday delivery! click here for more details. skip to content online exclusive free shipping on orders $49+ keyword search search hello my account account sign in to see your information new customer? create an account my account order status 0 bag added to bag ×close your shopping bag is empty view your shopping bag lists live happening now airing now watch us live weekly product recap program guide channel finder jtv apps specialty shows girlfriend friday personalized style rockafellas meet our hosts jtv logo shop jtv extra watch jtvextra online on demand videos jtv rockstar designer on demand content download jtv live app watch jtv live from your apple tv, roku or amazon fire device this season jewelry shop by type rings earrings bracelets necklaces watches jewelry sets jewelry accessories jewelry sale men's jewelry kid's jewelry all jewelry trending styles fall trends animal jewelry bangle bracelets chain necklaces floral jewelry heart jewelry hoop earrings promise rings statement jewelry stud earrings vintage-inspired jewelry featured shops new jewelry metal jewelry gold jewelry silver jewelry online exclusives opportunity buys best sellers fashion jewelry bridal jewelry birthstone jewelry the vault resort jewelry brands all artisan collections artisan collection of bali bella luce enchanted disney fine jewelry genusis pearl jewelry moda al massimo off park jewelry paula deen jewelry park avenue collection southwest style jewelry splendido oro timna jewelry collection vanna k jewelry shop by gemstone amethyst jewelry black spinel jewelry chrome diopside jewelry diamond jewelry lab-grown diamond jewelry moissanite fire jewelry morganite jewelry opal jewelry pearl jewelry tanzanite jewelry topaz jewelry turquoise jewelry all gemstone jewelry shop by color black jewelry blue jewelry green jewelry pink jewelry red jewelry white jewelry yellow jewelry shop deals final sale one only brand sale as is deals just reduced holiday gift guide gifts to dazzle & delight for everyone on your shopping list! gemstones shop by gemstone amethyst chrome diopside emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire sphalerite tanzanite tourmaline zircon all gemstones shop by type loose gemstones gemstone kits sets and parcels matched pairs mineral specimens settings gemology tools gemstone education gemstone sale all gemstones featured shops created gemstones precious gems | the vault online exclusives phenomenal gems sisk gemology reference gemstone discovery app jtv kids brands the presidents collection build-a-bargain cor-de-rosa morganite masasi blue garnet masasi bordeaux garnet zandrite gemvue gemoro shop deals one only 15-25% off 25-50% off 50-75% off build-a-bargin gemstone gifts sift through our collection of loose gems for the collector on your list. jewelry making shop by type jewelry making kits jewelry making tools storage & organization jewel school outlet findings all jewelry making beads by type bead strands glass beads gemstone beads focal beads all beads stringing materials bead stringing cord bead stringing wire chain wire brands artistic wire dakota stones jewel school jooltool ottlite swarovski wubbers shop deals one only 15-25% off 25-50% off 50-75% off featured shops best sellers new arrivals online exclusives opportunity buys education and resources books and dvds jewel school projects jewelry making glossary watch project videos make a cloth face mask experts candie cooper dale armstrong wyatt white laura gasparrini all experts jewelry making from project guides to how-to videos, we have everything you need to create unique holiday gifts. gifts gift collections jewelry storage joan boyce accessories off park clutches jtv kids gift cards all gifts jewelry gifts diamonds under $50 earrings under $25 pendants under $25 bracelets under $25 jewelry sets under $50 shop deals gift clearance holiday gift guide holiday gift guide jtv gift cards send a little happy for the holidays. clearance shop by type jewelry rings earrings bracelets necklaces loose gemstones jewelry making gifts shop by price under $25 $25-$50 $50-$100 $100-$250 $250-$500 $500 and up shop by savings 15%-25% off 25%-50% off 50%-75% off shop deals one only brand sale as is deals final sale just reduced shop auctions shop jtv auctions jtv auctions bid to win your gifts for everyone on your list! learning library learning library articles by category gemstone glossary gemopedia gemstone enhancement jewelry education jewel school projects jtv experts gemstone discovery app blog blog fashion and trends gemstones jewelry box jewelry making travel gemopedia learn more about your favorite gemstones jtv auctions menu search account lists 0 bag keyword search sign in create an account my account order status added to bag ×close your shopping bag is empty view your shopping bag online exclusive free shipping on orders $49+ shop by category live happening now airing now watch us live weekly product recap program guide channel finder jtv apps specialty shows girlfriend friday personalized style rockafellas meet our hosts jtv logo shop jtv extra watch jtv extra online on demand videos jtv rockstar designer on demand content all live jewelry shop by type rings earrings bracelets necklaces watches jewelry sets jewelry accessories jewelry sale men's jewelry kid's jewelry all jewelry trending styles fall trends animal jewelry bangle bracelets chain necklaces floral jewelry heart jewelry hoop earrings promise rings statement jewelry stud earrings vintage-inspired jewelry featured shops new jewelry metal jewelry gold jewelry silver jewelry online exclusives opportunity buys best sellers fashion jewelry bridal jewelry birthstone jewelry the vault resort jewelry brands all artisan collections artisan collection of bali bella luce enchanted disney fine jewelry genusis pearl jewelry moda al massimo off park jewelry paula deen jewelry park avenue collection southwest style jewelry splendido oro timna jewelry collection vanna k jewelry shop by gemstone amethyst jewelry black spinel jewelry chrome diopside jewelry diamond jewelry lab-grown diamond jewelry moissanite fire jewelry morganite jewelry opal jewelry pearl jewelry tanzanite jewelry topaz jewelry turquoise jewelry all gemstone jewelry shop by color black jewelry blue jewelry green jewelry pink jewelry red jewelry white jewelry yellow jewelry shop deals final sale one only brand sale as is deals just reduced all jewelry gemstones shop by gemstone amethyst chrome diopside emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire sphalerite tanzanite tourmaline zircon all gemstones shop by type loose gemstones gemstone kits sets and parcels matched pairs mineral specimens settings gemology tools gemstone education gemstone sale all gemstones featured shops created gemstones precious gems | the vault online exclusives phenomenal gems sisk gemology reference gemstone discovery app jtv kids brands the presidents collection build-a-bargain cor-de-rosa morganite masasi blue garnet masasi bordeaux garnet zandrite gemvue gemoro shop deals one only 15-25% off 25-50% off 50-75% off build-a-bargin all gemstones jewelry making shop by type jewelry making kits jewelry making tools storage & organization jewel school outlet findings all jewelry making beads by type bead strands glass beads gemstone beads focal beads all beads stringing materials bead stringing cord bead stringing wire chain wire brands artistic wire dakota stones jewel school jooltool ottlite swarovski wubbers shop deals one only 15-25% off 25-50% off 50-75% off featured shops best sellers new arrivals online exclusives opportunity buys education and resources books and dvds jewel school projects jewelry making glossary watch project videos make a cloth face mask experts candie cooper dale armstrong wyatt white laura gasparrini all experts all jewelry making gifts gift collections jewelry storage joan boyce accessories off park clutches jtv kids gift cards all gifts jewelry gifts diamonds under $50 earrings under $25 pendants under $25 bracelets under $25 jewelry sets under $50 shop deals gift clearance holiday gift guide holiday gift guide all gifts clearance shop by type jewelry rings earrings bracelets necklaces loose gemstones jewel school gifts shop by price under $25 $25-$50 $50-$100 $100-$250 $250-$500 $500 and up shop by savings 15%-25% off 25%-50% off 50%-75% off shop deals one only brand sale as is deals final sale just reduced shop auctions shop jtv auctions all clearance learning library learning library articles by category glossary gemopedia gemstone enhancement jewelry education jewel school projects jtv experts gemstone discovery app blog blog fashion and trends gemstones jewelry box jewelry making travel all learning library jtv auctions all jtv auctions jtv help jtv gift cards send a little happy with a jtv gift card! know someone who loves to sparkle? give a jtv gift card and let the smiles begin. a jtv gift card is easy to give and even better to get. it puts thousands of gorgeous jewelry and gemstones within reach. jtv has something for everyone with an extensive selection of rings, earrings, necklaces, bracelets and more to complement any outfit or style. your recipient has endless options, from simple and subtle styles to bold and beautiful looks they’ll love. a jtv gift card is always in style and appreciated! send an egift card send a gift card by mail do you have a jtv promotional card?  promo card terms and conditions how do i redeem a promotional card? to redeem a promotional card, please visit jtv.com or call 1-800-619-3000 (24 hrs/day). how do i check a balance on a promotional card? please visit jtv.com or call 1-800-619-3000. do promotional cards expire? yes, promotional cards must be used by the expiration date appearing on the card. any remaining balance will be forfeited if not used by this date. are there any restrictions on what i can purchase using a promotional card? promotional cards can be used to make purchases on jtv.com or for products appearing on jtv's television broadcast. however, promotional cards cannot be used to purchase gift cards, as payment for any item bought using stretchpay, as payment on any credit account or payment for an existing installment plan. promotional cards are also not refundable or redeemable for cash, unless required by law. if i lose my promotional card is it replaceable? no, if your promotional card is lost, stolen, or used in an unauthorized manner, jtv is unable to replace it. can i return items that i bought using a promotional card? yes, if the items are returned before the promotional card expires. if you return items before the expiration date, jtv will issue a credit to your jtv account for the returned merchandise minus any expenses connected with the return such as shipping or restocking fees. any amounts paid using multiple methods of  payment, such as a visa card and a promotional card will be refunded in the same amounts to the original methods of payment, less any return fees. the credit for the returned merchandise must be used before the promotional card expires. when the promotional card expires, any credit existing for returned merchandise will also expire. what is the jtv gift card program?   gift card terms and conditions the jtv® gift card can be purchased in any amount between $25 and $500 online at www.jtv.cashstar.com or by calling the jtv customer call center at (800)-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day). jtv gift cards come in two varieties, “physical gift cards” (paper or plastic, although typically plastic and shipped by a common carrier) and “egiftcards” which are provided by email in the form of an electronic code. the term “gift cards” (or “gift card” in the singular) refers to both the physical gift cards and the egiftcards,except where specifically indicated otherwise. gift cards are redeemable up to their available balances only to purchase jtv merchandise and services offered on jtv’s television broadcast, online at jtv.com or viewed on jtv mobile apps. in order to redeem your gift card for your selected jtv merchandise or services, you must call the jtv customer call center at (800)-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day) and have your gift card information available. what kind of gift cards does jtv offer? jtv gift cards come in two varieties, “physical gift cards” (paper or plastic, although typically plastic and shipped by a common carrier) and “egiftcards” which are provided by email in the form of an electronic code. the term “gift cards” (or “gift card” in the singular) refers to both physical gift cards and egiftcards, except where specifically indicated otherwise. what can i buy with my gift card and how do i use it? gift cards can be used to purchase jtv merchandise and services offered for sale on jtv’s television broadcast, online at jtv.com or on jtv mobile apps. to use a gift card to make a purchase, you must use it as a method of payment during checkout on jtv.com or call (800) 619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day) and have your gift card number available. can i use my gift card as a "guest" on jtv.com? you have to create an account to use your gift card to make purchases from jtv’s television broadcast, online at jtv.com or viewed on jtv mobile apps. in order to redeem your gift card, you must use it as a method of payment during checkout on jtv.com or call the jtv call center at (800)-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day) and have your gift card information available. to create a new account, go to the "my account" link located at the top right corner of the homepage. under “new customer,” click the “create an account” button. to register, complete email, phone and personal information, and create an account password of at least 6 characters. required spaces are marked with an asterisk (*). once each section is completed, click the “create account” button at bottom of page. do jtv gift cards expire? jtv gift cards never expire and there are no fees for dormancy. we recommend that you redeem it soon after you receive it, so you don't forget. are there any fees associated with the use of jtv gift cards? there are not any fees associated with the use of a jtv gift card. you will only be charged the face value of your gift card at checkout, unless you elect to add expedited shipping (for physical gift cards). can i reload or change the value of my gift card after i've paid for it? you cannot reload or change the value of your gift card after you've paid for it. how do i check the balance on my gift card? to check your balance, please call the jtv customer care center at 1-800-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day). can i get a refund of my gift card purchase? purchases of physical gift cards and egiftcards are not refundable and may not be returned once they are purchased. what credit or debit cards do you accept? jtv accepts visa, mastercard, american express, discover and valid debit cards for gift card purchases. when am i charged for purchasing a gift card? your credit or debit card is charged at the time of purchase of your gift card, even if you select a future delivery date for an egiftcard. when will my recipient receive the gift card? for egiftcards, your egiftcard will be sent via email on the delivery date you choose, subject to rare exceptions for processing delays. for same-day delivery, most egiftcards are sent within an hour of the purchase transaction. for future delivery, egiftcards are sent on the morning of the scheduled delivery date. please see the "egiftcards" section below for more about egiftcards. the delivery date is pre-set to the current date, so if you do not select a different date, the alert message is sent on the same day as your purchase. for physical gift cards, which are typically plastic, these orders are generally shipped within one to two business days. delivery times are determined by the shipping method selected. once your gift card is shipped, you will receive an email with a tracking number, with which you may access the current shipping status of your gift. what are the shipping options? egiftcards will be sent via email. please see the "egiftcards" section below for more about egiftcards. for physical gift cards, you can choose standard shipping, or for an additional fee you can choose to expedite your order. you can make your selection under the “shipping method” option. depending on when your order is placed, it may take one to two business days to process your gift card order for delivery. how do i check my order status and delivery? if you order a physical gift card, it will be shipped by u.s. mail or another common carrier. you will receive an email with a tracking number, with which you may access the current shipping status of your gift card. if you purchase an egiftcard, you will receive an email message confirming delivery of the gift card alert email. where can i ship my order? gift cards may be shipped to a physical address in the u.s. or to a u.s. post office box via usps as a standard method of shipment. for expedited shipment, ups may be selected at checkout; however expedited shipment requires a physical address for delivery and may not be delivered to a post office box. what is a gift card pin and where do i find it? your jtv gift card has a card number and a personal identification number (“pin”) associated with it. the pin is used to help identify you when talking by telephone with customer service representatives or checking account information online. on jtv physical gift cards, the pin can be found by scratching off the silver box located on the back of the gift card. for jtv egiftcards, the pin will be contained in the email in which the egiftcard is delivered. what exactly does the recipient receive when i send a jtv gift card? when you order a physical gift card, the recipient will receive an envelope via the delivery method you selected during the purchase, which will include a carrier with your personalized method and the gift card. if you select to send email notification to the recipient, they will get advanced notice of the gift.when you order a jtv egiftcard, the recipient will receive an email advising that you have sent an egiftcard. the email will include a link which allows the recipient to view the egiftcard and activate it for use. what is the jtv brilliant cash rewards program? from time to time, and at our sole discretion, jtv may make various promotional offers under the jtv brilliant cash rewards program to allow jtv customers the opportunity to earn rewards by making qualifying purchases of jtv merchandise and services which are offered on jtv’s television broadcast, online at jtv.com or on jtv mobile apps. from time to time, and at our sole discretion, jtv may make other types of promotional offers under the brilliant cash rewards program, which may or may not require a purchase. all promotional offers are subject to certain conditions or limitations, which vary depending on the specific limited offer. you should carefully review all terms that accompany any promotional offers you may receive as terms may contain expiration dates and other restrictions as well as change or be discontinued without notice. see more information about the jtv brilliant cash rewards program and terms for current promotions. can i make a purchase using gift cards and brilliant cash rewards? yes, you can combine gift cards with your brilliant cash rewards to make a purchase from us. can i use my gift card for a stretch pay purchase? jtv’s stretch pay™ program allows you to pay for our merchandise in installments. you can use your gift card to make the first stretchpay payment (we call this your “deposit”), although we may need to make a slight adjustment to that payment to set up your method of payment for future installments. you can’t use your gift card to make payments on any existing installment plans, such as those you may have for previous stretchpay™ purchases. if your gift card balance won’t cover your first payment on your stretch pay™ purchase (and the difference is more than $1), you may simply apply your gift card balance to the first payment, and we’ll charge your method of payment for the remaining amount. for example, if your first payment is $100 and your gift card balance is $40, we’ll reduce your gift card balance by $40 and charge your method of payment for what’s left over ($60). if your gift card balance is larger than the amount of the first payment, we’ll need to add one small step--charging your method of payment for $1. this will allow us to set up your method of payment for the future installments. we’ll also need to add this step if you want to use your gift card and brilliant cash rewards to make the first payment and the combined balances exceed the amount of that payment. here’s an example of how this will work. nadine is purchasing a $500 item on stretch pay™. she’ll have a total of five payments of $100. nadine has $75 in her rewards account and a $50 jtv gift card. she wants to use them both for her first payment. we’ll reduce her rewards balance by $75. we’ll then reduce her jtv gift card by $24 and charge her credit card for $1. at that point, nadine will have made her first stretchpay™ payment, and she’ll still have $26 left on her jtv gift card. her remaining stretchpay™ installments will be charged to her credit card. can i use my gift card to make payments on my credit cards? no, you cannot use a gift card to make payments on your credit card. what if my gift card is lost, stolen or used without my authorization? please safeguard your gift card as you would cash. if it is lost, stolen or used without your authorization, it cannot be replaced. can i buy a gift card for myself? yes, you can purchase a gift card for yourself. for egiftcards, go to the "email" tab underneath "how would you like to deliver your egiftcard?" on this tab, enter your own email address in the "to" and "confirm recipient" fields. you should also enter your own name as the "recipient name" in the egiftcard preview area at the top of the page. complete the transaction normally. when you receive your egiftcard alert via email, follow the instructions in this message to retrieve and redeem your egiftcard. for physical gift cards, you can simply order a gift card and use it after it arrives. what happens to my gift card balance if i return items i’ve bought with a gift card? returns of jtv merchandise and services, which are purchased in whole or part with a gift card, are subject to jtv’s standard return policies and procedures. for all returns on purchases made by redeeming a gift card in whole or part, jtv will credit your jtv account. your refund will be allocated between the methods of payment you used for your original purchase. if you redeemed a gift card for the entire purchase amount of the item you are returning, a refund of that amount will be applied to your jtv account, less any charges connected with the return such as shipping (“return expenses”) amounts paid using multiple methods of payment, such as a visa and a gift card, will be refunded in the same amounts to the original method of payment and to your jtv account, less any return expenses. for example, imagine you bought a beautiful chrome diopside and zircon ring set in sterling silver for $89.99, and you snagged an offer with free shipping. to buy the ring, you used the $50 balance on your plastic gift card and put $39.99 on your visa card. you decide to return the ring. jtv would issue a $50 merchandise return credit to your jtv account. in addition, jtv would credit your visa card for $39.99. returns on purchases made in whole or part using rewards from the jtv brilliant cash rewards program are subject additional terms and conditions. what exactly does the recipient receive when i send an egiftcard? an egiftcard is an electronic gift card that is sent via email. on the delivery date you choose, a message is sent to the recipient informing them of your gift, with a link to retrieve it online. the link in the email goes to a page showing the egiftcard you created (the design you selected, with your recipient's name and your personalized message), its value and code number. this page also gives simple instructions for redeeming the egiftcard, including printing instructions. sometimes, special offers and promotions are listed on the page along with any terms and conditions applicable to those offers and promotions. i want a printed egiftcard to present to someone as a gift. how do i do this? simply personalize the egiftcard for your recipient, have it sent to yourself and then print it. to do this, go to the "print" tab underneath "how would you like to deliver your egiftcard?” on this tab, enter your own email address in the "your email" and "confirm your email" fields. enter your recipient's name and your personal message on the egiftcard preview and complete the transaction normally. you will receive an egiftcard alert via email. follow the instructions in this message to retrieve your egiftcard and then choose "click to print this page." the resulting printout may be presented as a gift to the recipient. can i send two (or more) egiftcards to two (or more) different people who share an email address? yes, for example, if you send separate egiftcards to aunt mary and uncle jim at their shared email address, they will receive two messages with the subject "[sender] sent you an egiftcard from jtv” with your name in place of [sender]. within the text of the emails, each message will be addressed to the respective recipient, using the name you entered in the purchase process, for example: "mary smith, john jones sent you a $xx egiftcard from jtv.” remember, multiple card orders are subject to limitations on dollar amounts. gift cards may be loaded in value in the minimum amount of twenty-five dollars ($25) up to five hundred dollars ($500). the total value added to any single gift card (either through purchase or reloading) may not exceed five hundred dollars ($500). total purchases of gift cards for any one individual person in a single transaction may not exceed one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) in one calendar day (24-hour period) or ten thousand dollars ($10,000) for all transactions combined in one calendar day (24-hour period). what are some common reasons why my recipient hasn’t viewed her egift card? we adhere to industry best practices to ensure successful delivery of the egiftcard via email. still, there is a chance that the email will be treated as spam or the recipient won’t notice it in their email inbox. if you have confirmed the recipient's email address, but the egiftcard has not been viewed within a reasonable period after the requested delivery date, the following is a list of the most common reasons why delivery may have failed: a spam filter blocked the email or routed it to a bulk/spam folder, the recipient's firewall blocked the email, the email inbox is over a size limit or the email address is invalid. if a spam filter is blocking gift card emails from getting to an inbox, the email options will need to be modified so that emails concerning the gift cards are not considered spam. this may include adding jtvgiftcards@cashstar.com as a safe sender to your email security options. if you need further assistance, contact jtv by calling the jtv call center at 1-800-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day), or by emailing jtvgiftcards@jtv.com. please refer to your order number or be ready to supply your email address. how do i know the recipient received the egiftcard i sent them? you will receive an email message confirming the egiftcard has been sent to the recipient. we are not responsible for gift cards that are undeliverable or not received due to your failure to provide an accurate physical address or email address for the recipient. please check to make sure the address of the recipient is correct and contact jtv by calling the jtv call center at 1-800-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day), or by emailing jtvgiftcards@jtv.com if you suspect the recipient did not receive his/her gift card. please refer to your order number or be ready to supply your email address. should an email be returned to us due to inaccurate delivery information for the recipient, we will attempt to contact you for a valid email address. do i need to print my egiftcard in color? do i need a special printer? most standard office and household printers are equipped to print egiftcards and you do not need to print in color. some printers produce great results, and older printers sometimes don't print certain images well, but the most important thing is that the card number is clear. if it is not, you may need to install a new ink cartridge. what if someone makes a copy of my printed egiftcard? you must safeguard your egiftcard for your own protection. if someone makes a copy of your gift card and redeems it for the full amount, your copy will have no value. no matter how many copies are made, the value of the egiftcard is tied to the gift card number. when that number is used, the value of the purchase is deducted from the egiftcard. protect your gift card as you would cash. if it is lost or stolen or used without authorization, it will not be replaced. can i use my jtv gift card with a promotional financing offer? we're sorry, but jtv gift cards cannot be used with any promotional financing offers at this time. you will need to remove the jtv gift card as your method of payment or remove the promotional financing option to proceed with the checkout process. facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube send a little happy to those you love with a jtv gift card. 1-800-581-3002 shop jewelry clearance rings earrings necklaces bracelets jewelry making featured bella luce® birthstones bridal diamond gold · pearls moissanite fire tanzanite view currently on air jtv live stream channel finder program guide meet our hosts jtv extra trends about about jtv careers events executives gemopedia library jewel school sitemap help customer support contact us accessibility order status privacy policy (updated 10-26-20) returns policy terms & conditions ©2000-  america's collectibles network, inc. all rights reserved.