来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231225347/https://www.jtv.com/help/returns
================================================================================

jtv returns policy | jtv.com online exclusive! free shipping on orders $75 or more! skip to content keyword search search hello my account account hello, guest! please sign in to view your account information, order status, and brilliant cash balance. my account order status brilliant cash sign in or create account 0 bag added to bag xclose close and continue shopping your shopping bag is empty view your shopping bag lists live happening now airing now watch us live weekly product recap program guide channel finder jtv apps specialty shows girlfriend friday personalized style rockafellas meet our hosts jtv logo shop jtv extra all livestreams en español favorites gemstones insider preview jewel school sale & clearance sparkle ambassadors trends on demand videos jewel school project videos jtv rockstar designer on demand content jewelry love share the jewelry love education & advice fashion & trends gift ideas jewelry care watch jtvextra™ get up close and personal with more of the jtv you love. now trending new arrivals shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces & pendants gemstones jewelry trends 2023 jewelry trends animal jewelry cottagecore dainty jewelry floral jewelry heart jewelry hoop earrings nature jewelry resort jewelry stud earrings vintage-inspired jewelry featured shops best sellers most wished for online exclusives opportunity buys unique finds shop deals today's best deals holiday sale - extra 20% off holiday sale - extra 15% off super buys jewelry type shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces & pendants jewelry sets fine jewelry fashion jewelry off park collection paula deen jewelry featured brands calvin klein judith ripka jewelry park avenue collection southwest style timna jewelry collection gifts by recipient valentine's day gift guide for her for him for the bridesmaid for the fashionista for the home for the kids for the pet lover for the sports fan gift cards all metal jewelry shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces and pendants chains moda al massimo splendido oro top picks for january find new jewelry deals and styles you're going to love! diamond jewelry product type shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces and pendants jewelry sets hoop earrings stud earrings tennis bracelets band rings material type gold sterling silver gold over silver platinum diamond color white black blue brown green pink red yellow department women's men's diamond type mined diamonds lab-grown diamonds lab-grown diamond rings lab-grown diamond earrings lab-grown diamond stud earrings lab-grown diamond bracelets lab-grown diamond necklaces and pendants diamond alternatives bella luce charles winston for bella luce fabulite strontium titanate lisa mason for bella luce moissanite fire prazana lab-grown diamonds vanna k for bella luce featured shops bridal jewelry inspirational diamond jewelry online exclusive diamonds shop lab-grown diamond studs dazzling brilliance, cutting edge elegance and exceptional value 20% off & more. gemstone jewelry product type shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces and pendants jewelry sets hoop earrings stud earrings tennis bracelets strand necklaces material type gold sterling silver gold over silver platinum gemstone color black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow department women's men's children's trending gemstones alexandrite aquamarine chrome diopside fabulite larimar morganite opal pearls peridot ruby tanzanite turquoise featured brands artisan collection genusis pearls pacific style southwest style featured shops birthstone jewelry classic pearls gemstone bridal rings inspiration gemstone jewelry custom jewelry custom jewelry timeless creations create your very own customized jewelry for a go-to piece that is uniquely you! loose gemstones trending gemstones shop all amethyst aquamarine diamond emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire tanzanite tsavorite zircon gemstone types loose gemstones gemstone kits sets and parcels matched pairs mineral specimens created gemstones phenomenal gemstones gemstone color black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow featured shops collectors' corner gemological tools gemstone organizers and storage precious gems | the vault settings featured collections american splendor collection intarsia internal treasures lapidary legends museum collection the presidents collection education and resources gemological education gemstone discover app sisk gemological reference jtv extra watch jtv extra gemstones customized jewelry create your piece gemstones.com on jtv expand your gemological education and explore your own gemstone journey. jewelry making beads by type shop all bead strands czech glass beads focal beads findings shop all bail findings clasps earring findings finding assortments finding kits headpins jump rings spacer beads wire & stringing materials shop all bead stringing cord bead stringing wire jewelry making wire unfinished chain tools shop all hammers lighting pliers resin kit stamp kit storage & organization technique bead knotting bead stringing braiding leather work macrame wire wrapping featured shops jewelry maker must haves online exclusive jewelry making opportunity buy jewelry making featured brands beadalon dakota stones jewel school ottlite soft flex vintaj wubbers education and resources jewel school project videos jewelry making education jewelry making glossary jtv extra watch jtv extra jewel school discover your creative side with jewelry making! jtv is your one-stop shop with all the tools and materials you need to make your own hand-crafted jewelry. accessories watches shop all casual dress fashion sport women's men's salvatore ferragamo tissot handbags shop all clutches crossbody bags wristlets eyewear shop all eyeglass frames reading glasses sunglasses women's men's burberry jimmy choo michael kors prada tory burch versace fashion accessories shop all cufflinks keychains money clips women's accessories men's accessories jewelry storage shop all jewelry box valet tray wolf mele and co women's storage men's storage children's storage jewelry accessories shop all earring accessories necklace accessories care and cleaning shop all cleaning accessories cleaning solution jewelry cleaner home accessories shop all kitchen and dining ornaments belleek jtv gift cards send a little happy with a jtv gift card and let the smiles begin! clearance shop by type shop all jewelry rings earrings bracelets necklaces loose gemstones jewelry making gifts shop by price under $25 $25-$50 $50-$100 $100-$250 $250-$500 $500 and up shop by savings 15%-25% off 25%-50% off 50%-75% off shop deals today's best deals just reduced super buys one only as is deals blue tag clearance - extra 20% off white tag clearance - extra 15% off shop by brand all artisan collections bella luce charles winston for bella luce esotica jane seymour moda al massimo moissanite fire off park collection southwest style jewelry shop auctions shop jtv auctions bid on designer sunglasses bids starting at $1 with no reserves. only on jtv auctions. auctions today first time customers receive $40 brilliant cash on your account with your first purchase. menu account lists 0 bag keyword search hello, guest! please sign in to view your account information, order status, and brilliant cash balance. my account order status brilliant cash sign in or create account added to bag xclose close and continue shopping your shopping bag is empty view your shopping bag today first time customers receive $40 brilliant cash on your account with your first purchase. shop by category live happening now airing now watch us live weekly product recap program guide channel finder jtv apps specialty shows girlfriend friday personalized style rockafellas meet our hosts jtv logo shop jtv extra all livestreams en español favorites gemstones insider preview jewel school sale & clearance sparkle ambassadors trends on demand videos jewel school project videos jtv rockstar designer on demand content jewelry love share the jewelry love education & advice fashion & trends gift ideas jewelry care all live now trending new arrival shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces & pendants gemstones jewelry trends 2023 jewelry trends animal jewelry cottagecore dainty jewelry floral jewelry heart jewelry hoop earrings nature jewelry resort jewelry stud earrings vintage-inspired jewelry featured shops best sellers most wished for online exclusives opportunity buys unique finds shop deals today's best deals holiday sale - extra 20% off holiday sale - extra 15% off super buys jewelry type shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces & pendants jewelry sets fine jewelry fashion jewelry off park collection paula deen jewelry featured brands calvin klein judith ripka jewelry park avenue collection southwest style timna jewelry collection gifts by recipient valentine's day gift guide for her for him for the bridesmaid for the fashionista for the home for the kids for the pet lover for the sports fan gift cards all metal jewelry shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces and pendants chains moda al massimo splendido oro all now trending diamond jewelry product type shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces and pendants jewelry sets hoop earrings stud earrings tennis bracelets band rings material type gold sterling silver gold over silver platinum diamond color white black blue brown green pink red yellow department women's men's diamond type mined diamonds lab-grown diamonds lab-grown diamond rings lab-grown diamond earrings lab-grown diamond stud earrings lab-grown diamond bracelets lab-grown diamond necklaces and pendants diamond alternatives bella luce charles winston for bella luce fabulite strontium titanate lisa mason for bella luce moissanite fire prazana lab-grown diamonds vanna k for bella luce featured shops bridal jewelry inspirational diamond jewelry online exclusive diamonds all diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry product type shop all rings earrings bracelets necklaces and pendants jewelry sets hoop earrings stud earrings tennis bracelets strand necklaces material type gold sterling silver gold over silver platinum gemstone color black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow department women's men's children's trending gemstones alexandrite aquamarine chrome diopside fabulite larimar morganite opal pearls peridot ruby tanzanite turquoise featured brands artisan collection genusis pearls pacific style southwest style featured shops birthstone jewelry classic pearls gemstone bridal rings inspiration gemstone jewelry custom jewelry custom jewelry all gemstone jewelry loose gemstones trending gemstones shop all amethyst aquamarine diamond emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire tanzanite tsavorite zircon gemstone types loose gemstones gemstone kits sets and parcels matched pairs mineral specimens created gemstones phenomenal gemstones gemstone color black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow featured shops collectors' corner gemological tools gemstone organizers and storage precious gems | the vault settings featured collections american splendor collection intarsia internal treasures lapidary legends museum collection the presidents collection education and resources gemological education gemstone discovery app sisk gemological reference jtv extra watch jtv extra gemstones customized jewelry create your piece all loose gemstones jewelry making beads shop all bead strands czech glass beads focal beads findings shop all bail findings clasps earring findings finding assortments finding kits headpins jump rings spacer beads wire & stringing materials shop all bead stringing cord bead stringing wire jewelry making wire unfinished chain tools shop all hammers lighting pliers resin kit stamp kit storage & organization technique bead knotting bead stringing braiding leather work macrame wire wrapping featured shops jewelry maker must haves online exclusive jewelry making opportunity buy jewelry making featured brands beadalon dakota stones jewel school ottlite soft flex vintaj wubbers education and resources jewel school project videos jewelry making education jewelry making glossary jtv extra watch jtv extra jewel school all jewelry making accessories watches shop all casual dress fashion sport women's men's salvatore ferragamo tissot handbags shop all clutches crossbody bags wristlets eyewear shop all eyeglass frames reading glasses sunglasses women's men's burberry jimmy choo michael kors prada tory burch versace fashion accessories shop all cufflinks keychains money clips women's accessories men's accessories jewelry storage shop all jewelry box valet tray wolf mele and co women's storage men's storage children's storage jewelry accessories shop all earring accessories necklace accessories care and cleaning shop all cleaning accessories cleaning solution jewelry cleaner home accessories shop all kitchen and dining ornaments belleek all accessories clearance shop by type shop all jewelry rings earrings bracelets necklaces loose gemstones jewel school gifts shop by price under $25 $25-$50 $50-$100 $100-$250 $250-$500 $500 and up shop by savings 15%-25% off 25%-50% off 50%-75% off shop deals today's best deals just reduced super buys one only as is deals blue tag clearance - extra 20% off white tag clearance - extra 15% off shop by brand all artisan collections bella luce charles winston for bella luce esotica jane seymour moda al massimo moissanite fire off park collection southwest style jewelry shop auctions shop jtv auctions all clearance auctions all auctions jtv help jtv returns policy help jtv returns policy accessibility account affirm auctions faqs brilliant cash™ broadcast programming community policy contact jtv email spam filters express ordering general help & support gift cards gift information center gold exchange™ jedora jewel safe jtv giveaway rules live viewer moissanite fire™ warranty orders paypal preferred account privacy policy products promotion exclusions protecting your ssn referral program return options returns policy rewards terms shipping policy stretchpay™ testimonials terms and conditions text alerts text alert privacy policy text alert terms & conditions unsubscribe vendor application wait list returns policy what is jtv's holiday extended returns policy? holiday extended returns will be purchases made from oct. 2 at 12 a.m. est through dec. 24 at 6 p.m. est and can be returned through jan. 31, 2024. what is jtv's prime jewelry deals extended returns policy? new information tbd. what is jtv's return policy? we at jtv want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. if you are not totally satisfied, just send it back in its condition “as shipped” to you within 30 days from the date of receipt for an exchange or a refund for the price of the item. no returns will be allowed and all sales are final after the 30-day return period. in jtv’s discretion, items received within 31-90 days of the day of customer’s receipt may be accepted and, if accepted, will be subject to a 25% restocking fee. we are unable to accept or process any returns received by us after 90 days from the date of customer’s original receipt of the item. for orders made under the stretchpay™ installment payment program, customer will receive a refund for the installment payments jtv has collected at the time we receive your item(s). note: we follow standard cd and dvd return policies. cds and dvds are nonreturnable if the cellophane is opened. returns are not accepted for any items that have been sized, altered in any manner by another jeweler, or sold as non-returnable. no items other than the ones listed on the front of the invoice may be included in any one return package; inclusion of other items may delay or prevent your refund. jtv will not accept partial item returns. the entire item and any accompanying appraisals and/or certificates must be sent back for exchange or refund. shipping, handling fees and processing charges are non-refundable. jtv may, from time to time, designate certain items as eligible for free return shipping. to take advantage of this promotion, you must use the jtv return label attached to your invoice (or print a label using the self-service returns option below) and return the item within the 30-day return period. all items in the return package must be eligible for free return shipping in order for the promotion to apply. how do i return an item? use one of the following options to return your item: option a: online with self-service returns (for returns up to $2999.99) 1. go to jtv.com to begin the self-service return process. 2. access your order information in one of two ways: a) if you have a jtv account, login and then select the order history tab and select the order which contains the item(s) you wish to return. b) if you purchased your items without creating an account, visit the order status page and enter in your order number. this number will be found in your order confirmation email. 4. on the order details page, click "return item". 5. follow the self-service instructions and once the process is complete, package your return in the original packaging or in a similar appropriate shipping container and drop the package off at your local post office option b: use return form and preprinted shipping label included with your order 1. orders totaling $999.99 or less will include a return form and a pre-paid label with your packing slip. complete the return form included as part of your invoice. detach the top portion of the invoice and retain for your records. select your reason for return, exchange or repair and include the form in the return merchandise package. the return form must be included in your return package to receive proper credit. (to return items from an order which totaled more than $999.99, please use option a or call (800) 550-8393 to initiate your return and receive a ups return shipping label.) 2. package your return. if possible, use the original packing and completely remove or cover the original shipping label. seal the package securely with packaging tape. 3. ship your return. remove the jtv return label from the front of the invoice apply jtv return label to the front of the package the jtv return label is specific to the order and should not be used to return other merchandise. drop the package in the mailbox, give it to your postal carrier or take it to the post office, and your return will be automatically protected after it is scanned at the post office. a charge of $6.99 will be deducted from your return credit amount.* when using the jtv return label, there is no upfront postage or insurance charge. please hold on to your tracking receipt until your refund appears in your account. please note that packages are not insured until they have been scanned by the applicable carrier. you bear the risk of loss on all return packages until the package has been scanned by the carrier. no items other than the ones listed on the front of the packing slip may be included in any one return package. inclusion of other items may delay or prevent your refund. *when returning an item that is eligible for free return shipping using this method, the shipping charge will not be deducted from your return credit amount unless the item is returned in the same package as items that are not eligible for free return shipping. option c: return on your own remove the return address label from the front of the invoice and apply to the front of the package. if there is no return address label, address the package to: customer returns 190 hayfield road knoxville, tn 37922 take the package to the shipper of your choice. for the customer’s protection, merchandise not qualifying for the jtv return label return or returned on your own must be returned prepaid and insured via ups, fedex or us mail. keep the shipping receipt until the merchandise credit appears on your statement. no items other than the ones listed on the invoice covered by the return label may be included in the return; inclusion of other items may delay or result in no refund for items not listed on the invoice. any items returned beyond the designated time frames, if accepted, will be subject to a restocking fee. how/when will my refund be processed? refunds are issued to the original method of payment. credit/debit card transactions are refunded back to the credit/debit account. it may take up to two billing cycles for the credit to appear on your statement. can i return a pre-owned purchase? we want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. you may return the item for a refund within 30 days from the receipt of the item. can i return a “scratch and dent” purchase? all scratch and dent items are advertised as “non-returnable.” the defect in the merchandise is clearly advertised. if the item’s defect is greater than advertised, we will allow you to return the item, but the customer experience team must verbally authorize returns on all scratch and dent items. if you want to return a scratch and dent item, you must contact us at (800) 550-8393. i misplaced my pack slip/return label. what should i do? when ordering online, please remember to print a copy of your invoice from the receipt page by hitting the print receipt button after purchase. anytime thereafter, you may access your invoice information by using the order status tool located at the top of the homepage, or in the confirmation email we sent you shortly after purchase. if you need further assistance, you may call the customer experience team at (800) 550-8393. you may also contact us via email at customercare@jtv.com. please allow 24 to 48 hours to receive a response. so that we may assist you better, please have your order number and/or customer id readily available when you contact us. how long does it take jtv® to issue credit? upon receipt of your return, processing normally takes up to five (5) business days for the return department to complete credit of your refund to your method of payment. how is my echeck (telephone orders only) order refunded? echeck orders (telephone orders only) are held 7 - 8 days prior to shipment, giving us time to receive any echeck returns (unpaid) and prevent shipment. if a customer cancels their order after an echeck is submitted but before the product ships the refund generates but is held until the 7 - 8 day hold is fulfilled. on the 8th day the refund is submitted electronically to credit the customer’s checking account. when merchandise is returned, the echeck refund follows the same process as a credit card refund, although customers should see the funds process to their account within 2 to 3 business days from the date jtv submits the refund request. in the event that the checking account is closed or that your bank will not accept the electronic refund, a paper refund check will be mailed to you via united states postal service. please allow three to four weeks for arrival. why is my refund not on my payment type statement? after the transaction is finalized from jtv to your financial institution, the financial institution must post it to your account. generally, this is processed within seven business days. depending on their policies, posting may take up to thirty (30) days from the date we returned it to your financial institution. jtv is not responsible for the posting policies of your financial institution. if you have questions, contact your financial institution directly. where do i take my package once it is ready to be returned? the package can be placed in your mailbox or any of the other united states postal services 250,000 + blue drop boxes. what is the price i will have to pay using the jtv return label service? unless a free return shipping offer applies, a charge of $6.99 will be deducted from your total refund which will be placed on your original method of payment. do i have to use the jtv return label to return my item? no, if you choose to return the item on your own you can. you can still reuse the original packaging and make sure the return address on the package is addressed to: customer returns 190 hayfield road knoxville, tn 37922 you can then take the package to shipper of your choice. (jtv will not refund the cost of returning the package back to us). for your protection, merchandise returned on your own must be returned prepaid and insured via ups, fedex or us mail. keep the shipping receipt until the merchandise credit appears on your statement. i want to make an exchange, what happens if i use the jtv return label to return my item? nothing, there is no charge if you are exchanging an item. your exchange will process as normal. how do i track the status of my return? you can track the status of your return online via the usps website. facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube by submitting your email address you agree to receive promotional emails and updates from jtv. you can withdraw your consent at any time. manage email preferences send a little happy to those you love with a jtv gift card. 1-800-581-3002 shop jewelry rings earrings necklaces bracelets loose gemstones jewelry making clearance brands artisan of bali™ bella luce® fabulite™ jewel school™ judith ripka moissanite fire™ southwest style timeless creations™ view currently on air jtv live stream channel finder program guide meet our hosts jtv extra on-demand jewel school™ tv info our story careers events executives blog sweepstakes philanthropy sitemap help customer support my account contact us accessibility order status privacy policy returns policy terms & conditions ©2000-  america's collectibles network, inc. all rights reserved. 9600 parkside drive, knoxville, tn 37922 all prices are in usd. your privacy choices chat sorry, our agents are currently helping other guests or are unavailable at this time. please check back later or call 800-550-8393 for jtv’s customer experience service team. back