来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241229055050/https://www.jtv.com/about
================================================================================

about jtv (jewelry television) | jtv.com extra 10% off clearance! price as marked. give one, get one! purchase $100 gift card, receive $20! enjoy extended returns through january 31st. details here. thousands of items have stretchpay up to 5x and 6x! skip to content keyword search search hello my account account hello, guest! please sign in to view your account information, order status, and brilliant cash balance. my account order status brilliant cash sign in or create account 0 bag lists shop live account 0 bag shop shop back brands & collections brands & collections back exclusive brands exclusive brands exclusive brands back artisan collection bella luce charles winston for bella luce judith ripka jewelry lisa mason for bella luce moda al massimo moissanite fire off park collection park avenue collection prazana lab-grown diamonds southwest style jewelry splendido oro timna jewelry collection vanna k for bella luce trending collections trending collections trending collections back celestial jewelry dainty jewelry ear stacking fall florals feminine details glamorous gold jewelry leopard print nfl not so subtle pearl jewelry novelty jewelry storytelling jewelry tenniscore collections collections collections back animal jewelry cross jewelry floral jewelry heart jewelry inspirational jewelry luxury jewelry mixed metal jewelry nature jewelry religious jewelry vintage-inspired jewelry featured brands featured brands featured brands back barse calvin klein invicta lovery judith ripka fine jewelry stackable expressions star wars rings rings back shop all rings shop all rings back ring type ring type ring type back 3-stone rings all metal rings band rings birthstone rings cocktail rings dainty rings halo rings ring sets solitaire rings statement rings trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside diamond morganite ruby sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver platinum platineve department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry rings fashion jewelry rings earrings earrings back shop all earrings shop all earrings back earring type earring type earring type back all metal earrings birthstone earrings dangle earrings earring sets halo earrings hoop earrings stud earrings earring backs trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond opal sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry earrings fashion jewelry earrings necklaces & pendants necklaces & pendants back shop all necklaces & pendants shop all necklaces & pendants back necklace type necklace type necklace type back all metal necklaces beaded necklaces birthstone necklaces chain necklaces pendants statement necklaces strand necklaces necklace extenders trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond garnet jadeite sapphire spinel tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry necklaces fashion jewelry necklaces bracelets bracelets back shop all bracelets shop all bracelets back bracelet type bracelet type bracelet type back all metal bracelets bangle bracelets birthstone bracelets chain bracelets charm bracelets cuff bracelets stackable bracelets stretch bracelets tennis bracelets bracelet charms bracelet charms bracelet charms back all bracelet charms animal charms celestial charms friends & family charms heart charms holiday charms initial charms inspirational charms kid's charms medical charms nautical charms religious charms sports charms symbol charms travel charms trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond jadeite morganite sapphire spinel tanzanite topaz turquoise material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry bracelets fashion jewelry bracelets gemstones & pearls gemstones & pearls back gemstones gemstones gemstones back shop all color gemstones birthstone jewelry chrome diopside morganite opal ruby sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise stone color stone color stone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow gemstone product type gemstone product type gemstone product type back gemstone rings gemstone earrings gemstone necklaces gemstone bracelets pearls pearls pearls back shop all pearls akoya pearls freshwater pearls south sea pearls tahitian pearls mother of pearl pearl color pearl color pearl color back white black gray peach pink yellow pearl product types pearl product types pearl product types back pearl rings pearl earrings pearl necklaces pearl bracelets featured brands featured brands featured brands back all artisan collections artisan of bali artisan of india artisan of ireland artisan of turkey genusis pearls pacific style southwest style timna jewelry diamonds & diamond alternatives diamonds & diamond alternatives back diamonds diamonds diamonds back shop all diamonds diamond rings diamond earrings diamond necklaces diamond bracelets shop all lab-grown diamonds lab-grown diamond rings lab-grown diamond earrings lab-grown diamond stud earrings lab-grown diamond necklaces lab-grown diamond bracelets diamond color diamond color diamond color back black blue brown green pink red white yellow cubic zirconia cubic zirconia cubic zirconia back shop all cubic zirconia cubic zirconia rings cubic zirconia earrings cubic zirconia necklaces cubic zirconia bracelets cubic zirconia white jewelry cubic zirconia color jewelry moissanite moissanite moissanite back shop all moissanite moissanite rings moissanite earrings moissanite necklaces moissanite bracelets featured brands featured brands featured brands back bella luce bella luce italia charles winston for bella luce lisa mason for bella luce moissanite fire park avenue diamonds prazana lab-grown diamonds vanna k for bella luce watches watches back shop all watches shop all watches back watch type watch type watch type back casual dress fashion sport featured shops featured shops featured shops back classic collegiate luxury minimalist new arrivals on trend retro statement movement movement movement back automatic chronograph quartz solar band color band color band color back black blue brown pink white yellow band material band material band material back leather metal silicone accessories accessories accessories back watch bands watch boxes featured brands featured brands featured brands back bianci charles hubert christian van sant invicta mathey-tissot obaku oceanaut oniss roberto cavalli seapro department department department back womens mens accessories accessories back eyewear type eyewear type eyewear type back shop all eyewear eyeglass frames reading glasses sunglasses eyewear frame shape eyewear frame shape eyewear frame shape back aviator cat eye rectangle round square eyewear frame color eyewear frame color eyewear frame color back black blue brown pink eyewear featured brands eyewear featured brands eyewear featured brands back chanel gucci off park tom ford versace handbag type handbag type handbag type back shop all handbags backpacks clutches crossbody bags handbags messenger bags wallets wristlets handbag color handbag color handbag color back black blue brown gray pink red white handbag featured brands handbag featured brands handbag featured brands back fendi gucci prada saint laurent valentino versace jewelry accessories jewelry accessories jewelry accessories back shop all accessories earring accessories necklace accessories sizers & adjusters fashion accessories fashion accessories fashion accessories back shop all fashion accessories women's accessories men's accessories beauty and fragrances beauty and fragrances back shop all beauty and fragrances shop all beauty and fragrances back fragrance type fragrance type fragrance type back shop all fragrances cologne perfume eau de cologne eau de parfum eau de toilette eau fraiche parfum fragrance sets fragrance sets fragrance sets back cologne sets perfume sets fragrance scent fragrance scent fragrance scent back citrus earthy floral fresh fruity spicy sweet warm woody fragrance brand fragrance brand fragrance brand back burberry calvin klein elizabeth arden estee lauder juicy couture lancome ralph lauren versace bath and body bath and body bath and body back bath and body sets jewelry making jewelry making back shop all jewelry making shop all jewelry making back beads beads beads back shop all beads bead strands cabochon beads czech glass beads faceted beads focal beads gemstone beads large hole beads loose beads pearl beads seed beads findings findings findings back shop all findings bail findings clasps earring findings finding assortments finding kits headpins jump rings spacer beads wire & stringing material wire & stringing material wire & stringing material back shop all stringing material bead stringing cord bead stringing wire jewelry making wire unfinished chain tools tools tools back shop all tools hammers lighting pliers stamp kit storage & organization technique technique technique back shop all techniques bead knotting bead stringing braiding leather work macrame soldering wire wrapping featured shops featured shops featured shops back jewelry maker must haves online exclusive jewelry making jewel school workshop featured brands featured brands featured brands back beadalon dakota stone jewel school john bead ottlite soft flex vintaj wubbers loose gemstones loose gemstones back shop all loose gemstones shop all loose gemstones back gemstone type gemstone type gemstone type back loose gemstones gemstone kits sets & parcels matched pairs mineral specimens created gemstones phenomenal gemstones gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red yellow white trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst aquamarine diamond emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire tanzanite tsavorite zircon featured shops featured shops featured shops back gemological tools gemstone organizers & storage collections collections collections back american splendor collection internal treasures lapidary legends museum collection collectors' corner education & reources education & reources education & reources back jtv extra gemstones sisk gemological reference gemological education storage & care storage & care back jewelry storage jewelry storage jewelry storage back shop all jewelry storage jewelry box valet tray watch box jewelry storage brands jewelry storage brands jewelry storage brands back mele & co wolf department department department back women's storage men's storage kid's storage care & cleaning care & cleaning care & cleaning back shop all care & cleaning cleaning accessories cleaning solution jewelry cleaner care tutorials collectibles & gifts collectibles & gifts back shop all gifts shop all gifts back most wished for most wished for back gift by recipient gift by recipient gift by recipient back for her for him for the bridesmaid for the fashionista for the home for the kids for the organizer for the pet lover for the sports fan gift cards fashion accessories fashion accessories fashion accessories back cufflinks keychains money clips home home home back shop all home kitchen and dining ornaments belleek deals deals back featured deals featured deals featured deals back super buys one only as is deals jtv outlet power buys closeout buys white tag clearance - extra 15% off blue tag clearance - extra 20% off savings savings savings back 15% - 25% off 25% - 50% off 50% - 75% off price price price back under $25 $25 - $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $250 $250 - $500 $500 and up last chance last chance last chance back artisan of brazil australian style global destinations keith jack koadon featured brands featured brands featured brands back artisan collections bella luce - up to 75% off charles winston for bella luce esotica moda al massimo moissanite fire - up to 75% off pacific style judith ripka southwest style clearance clearance clearance back shop all clearance jewelry rings earrings necklaces & pendants bracelets gemstones jewelry making clearance rings by size clearance rings by size clearance rings by size back size 5 size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 size 10 size 11 size 12 live live back airing now weekly product recap watch us live program guide channel finder jtv series jtv extra jtv español on demand share the jewelry love meet the hosts jewel school workshop | featured new best sellers christmas countdown trending now looks you'll love gift guide clearance auctions keyword search hello, guest! please sign in to view your account information, order status, and brilliant cash balance. my account order status lists brilliant cash sign in or create account jtv about jtv about jtv (jewelry television) our story jtv cares executive bios gemstore press center jtv reviews social media interactive exhibit affiliates referral program our jewelry television (jtv) story who we are jewelry television (jtv) was founded in 1993 by three knoxville natives bill kouns, bob hall and jerry sisk jr. while its headquarters are still in knoxville, tennessee today, jtv is proud to be one of the largest jewelry retailers in the united states and has built one of the strongest supply chains in the jewelry industry with offices in bangkok, hong kong, jaipur, mumbai and china. jtv was founded with the mission of opening the world of jewelry and gemstones to everyone. we strive to continually surround ourselves with the best and the brightest in the jewelry and gemstone business, including numerous graduate gemologists and accredited jewelry professionals. everyone at jtv enjoys sharing their passion and knowledge about jewelry with our customers and viewers. jtv proudly offers an extensive line of different gemstone varieties and exclusive jewelry brands for you to explore. if you love jewelry, you'll love us! our journey in 1993, a small company known as america’s collectibles network® (acn) broadcast its first television show from greeneville, tennessee. founded by a group of knoxville natives, acn initially offered a wide variety of items from baseball cards and knives, to electronics and even quilts. over time, acn developed an expertise and a passion for jewelry and gemstones and was later rebranded as jewelry television® (jtv) with the mission of opening the world of jewelry and gemstones to everyone. today, we serve our consumers through live broadcasts 24 hours a day from six high-definition studios to millions of homes. jtv also conducts online business through our website at www.jtv.com, mobile apps, streaming devices (such as apple tv and roku) and extensive social media platforms. with these platforms, jtv became a video retail leader through exciting entertainment, education and interactive customer engagement. we deliver our products, services and value directly to the consumer with our unique capabilities. since jtv.com was launched, we have become one of the largest non-bridal jewelry e-commerce websites in the country and continue to grow our jtv family every day. jtv (if you love jewelry, you'll love us) our jtv broadcasting and channels here at jtv, our hosts are the face of our company and each one of them is very knowledgeable in the field of jewelry and gemstones. many are accredited jewelry professionals or on their way to becoming graduate gemologists through the gemological institute of america. if you want to learn more about our beloved hosts, be sure to check out the meet our jtv hosts page on our site. we love all things jewelry and gemstones, it's who we are! we take pride in broadcasting the latest jewelry trends, styles and updates. jtv broadcasts unique shows 24/7, so you're never left in the dark about the latest jewelry trends and gemstone updates. visit the channel finder to locate jtv in your area. watch jtv live on our website to have immediate access to our current jewelry deals and trends. shop and watch all in one place! of course, if you prefer to get your gemstone and jewelry updates from youtube, check out our jtv youtube channel. jtv youtube is your one-stop-shop for everything you need to know about our incredible gemstones. make sure you subscribe to jtv for new episodes every tuesday and thursday, you don't want to miss out on our amazing deals! jtv youtube channel trailer our premier shopping source our premier shopping source - jtv.com - is designed to make your shopping experience easy and fun! we want to make sure you get the deals and looks you dream of, as well as be informed about what you are buying. that's why our site features our jtv blog, where you can find articles about birthstones, gemstone education, jewelry education, jewelry equipment tutorials and so much more! in our learning library, you can also find information about jewel school projects or get information about gemstone enhancement. for your convenience, our website is divided into a few main categories: jewelry, gemstones, jewelry making, gifts and clearance - so you can navigate at ease. we even offer a jtv auctions page where you can bid on irresistible jewelry items for amazing deals! our mission and values our mission here at jtv, our mission is to open the world of jewelry and gemstones to everyone! jtv offers extraordinary products at extraordinary prices and features an immense selection of gemstones species and varieties, in contrast to most jewelry stores. the company continually surrounds itself with the best and the brightest in the business, including numerous graduate gemologists and accredited jewelry professionals who share their passion and knowledge with our customers and viewers. recently, jtv has introduced lab-grown diamonds, which provide exceptional value and typically cost less than a mined diamond. they offer consumers significant savings with the flexibility to choose a larger diamond for their investment. jtv is constantly fueling its growth and success by always focusing on the customer first, cultivating passion and driving loyalty to the jtv brand. all about jtv our values exceptional quality, exceptional prices we strive to deliver value in every single one of our products, so we built up our company with experienced teams with high levels of expertise at the heart of our gemstone and jewelry operation. this way we are able to always provide high quality products. at jtv, we have decades of relationship building with our suppliers at home and abroad, so you can always find exceptional quality for exceptional prices. our unique relationship with our suppliers gives us a competitive advantage at every stage of our supply chain, ultimately saving you money. our goal is to provide you with an unmatched value for your shopping dollar. jtv's pricing is not "unbelievable" — it's the result of years of hard work and dedication to what we do. large variety as part of our commitment to developing and distributing educational content and customer satisfaction, jtv employs numerous graduate gemologists and accredited jewelry professionals. jtv.com is the largest non-bridal jewelry e-commerce website in the country. we have a large assortment of jewelry, gemstones and jewelry-making products all in one place for our customers' ease. for custom pieces, our concierge service works one-on-one with our customers to source unique, one-of-a-kind pieces. jtv offers tens of thousands of products, more than any jewelry store. we have rings sizes 4 to 12 and carry necklaces and chains in multiple lengths so each customer can have a custom look. jewelry and gemstone expertise some things just can't be bought. at jtv, we have a passion for gemstones and jewelry, and we believe that knowledge and information are empowering. therefore, it is one of our goals to not only have well trained and knowledgeable employees, but knowledgeable customers as well. we love what we do. jewelry for us is more than gemstones and metal; we believe that jewelry is personal, celebratory, meaningful and magical! we want you to value your jewelry purchases as a timeless treasure and future heirlooms; and we believe that the best way to achieve that is by passionately educating our customers about what they are buying. jtv has knowledgeable, trained and certified hosts, guests and employees to give our customers accurate, up-to-date information about our gemstones and jewelry. we staff our education department with veteran gemologists and geologists to ensure accurate information. jtv's online learning library is among the best in the world and proudly fosters the exchange of information and knowledge. for those who love jewelry making, our jewel school delivers meaningful, how-to presentations that offer real value to our customers. we want you to be a part of the jtv family and experience, so what better way to learn about who we are than to invite you into our home? jtv hosts an annual jtv experience for our viewers and friends that is like no other in the jewelry industry! during the jtv experience, we have live studio audiences that allow customers to experience the shows in full effect on our campus in knoxville, tennessee. we sponsor campus tours for our customers and guests as well as have meet-and-greet events with our customers, hosts and jtv experts. but you don't have to wait for our annual event to stop by and see our beautiful pieces in person - our gemstore is always open to the public! convenience we want to make your shopping experience easy by being accessible to you no matter where you are. you can shop with us on tv, online, social media and on a handful of apps - so we've got you covered! if you have questions, we can connect real-time with our customers via live chat and assist you with your purchase. to make sure you can get all the pieces you love, we accept all major credit cards, including the jtv preferred card. jtv also offers stretchpay, which equally divides your payments, so you can own marvelous jewelry at a budget-friendly price. if you want to give stunning jewelry or gemstones to those who mean the most to you, we offer a bill-to-purchaser and ship-to-consumer option for gift giving. we ship the package, but you get the thank you! we want you to love your purchase and your experience shopping with us, so jtv has a generous 30-day return policy for your convenience. dependable delivery jtv is known for its efficient and dependable delivery services. we know you can’t wait to receive your purchases, so we work hard to ensure our order-packing system is second to none. our advanced, state-of-the-art process ensures your order is packed and on its way within a few hours of you placing it. we strive to deliver 90% of packages within two days. our shipping methods are fast, but most importantly, they're super secure. we include package tracking, so you can follow your package from our door to yours. our jewel safe protection program is another added step to protect your purchases from any damages that may occur as the package makes its way to you. our customers jtv strives for excellence in every area because we want our customers to be happy. you deserve access to beautiful and affordable jewelry, so we work hard to ensure we can continue to provide jewelry worth loving, wearing, and giving. where there's a desire for unique jewelry pieces with variety and value, jtv puts in the work to meet those desires and sell our products with integrity. we don't keep terms like lab-created, treated, and synthetic a secret, because credibility and truthfulness are major tenants of our loyalty to our customers. we work hard to be available for you 24/7. as a company dedicated to being knowledgeable and friendly, we know our products are a powerful way of building lifelong relationships with others. when you purchase from jtv, we're included as a part of your story. whether you're celebrating a new relationship, a job promotion, birthday, anniversary or you just want to treat yourself, we are honored to be a part of your life. always know that we have your best interests at heart and that we strive to do what's right to make your jtv shopping experience the best that it can be. questions we get asked often does jtv have a physical store? the gemstore is jtv's® only stand-alone retail jewelry store in the country and offers you the unique opportunity to touch, try on and take a look at the same high-quality merchandise featured on jtv's® broadcast and companion website jtv.com. who is jtv's ceo? kevin cleary is the ceo of jtv. does jtv have any exclusive jewelry brands? yes! jtv has stunning, exclusive brands for our customers that we can't wait for you to explore. check out our full list of our jtv brand and collections today! how do i contact jtv customer service? to contact jtv customer service, call 800-581-3002 or email them at customercare@jtv.com. does jtv have a satisfaction or money-back guarantee? jtv wants you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. if you are not totally satisfied, just send it back in its condition “as shipped” to you within 30 days from the date of receipt for an exchange or a refund for the price of the item. no returns will be allowed and all sales are final after the 30-day return period. for more information on returns, please visit the jtv returns policy page. does jtv ship to countries outside the united states? for information regarding shipping at jtv, please visit the jtv shipping policy page. what is jtv's social media accounts? for the latest trends, updates and deals, be sure to like and follow us on social media. join all of our online communities here: jtv communities. how do i get the jtv apps? jtv offers apps for a variety devices so you can always have the latest jewelry trends and deals at your fingertips. download our jtv apps today so you can watch jtv live with our hosts plus shop current on-air items and previously shown products. for more information on how to download jtv's app to your phone or tablet go here: jtv apps for more information on how to download jtv's app to your tv for live shows go here: jtv live app jtv operates its business under several other trademarks such as the following: facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube by submitting your email address you agree to receive promotional emails and updates from jtv. you can withdraw your consent at any time. manage email preferences send a little happy to those you love with a jtv gift card. 1-800-581-3002 shop jewelry rings earrings necklaces bracelets watches loose gemstones jewelry making apparel gifts clearance brands artisan of bali™ bella luce® fabulite™ jewel school™ judith ripka moda al massimo® moissanite fire™ park avenue collection southwest style timna collection™ view currently on air jtv live stream channel finder program guide meet our hosts jtv extra all series jewel school™ tv info our story careers events executives blog customer reviews sweepstakes jtv rewards sitemap help customer support my account contact us accessibility order status privacy policy (updated 7.1.24) returns policy terms & conditions ©2000-  america's collectibles network, inc. all rights reserved. 9600 parkside drive, knoxville, tn 37922 all prices are in usd. your privacy choices | cookie settings chat sorry, our agents are currently helping other guests or are unavailable at this time. please check back later or call 800-550-8393 for jtv’s customer experience service team. back