来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241229055050/https://www.jtv.com/help/gift-cards
================================================================================

jtv gift cards | jtv.com extra 10% off clearance! price as marked. give one, get one! purchase $100 gift card, receive $20! enjoy extended returns through january 31st. details here. thousands of items have stretchpay up to 5x and 6x! skip to content keyword search search hello my account account hello, guest! please sign in to view your account information, order status, and brilliant cash balance. my account order status brilliant cash sign in or create account 0 bag lists shop live account 0 bag shop shop back brands & collections brands & collections back exclusive brands exclusive brands exclusive brands back artisan collection bella luce charles winston for bella luce judith ripka jewelry lisa mason for bella luce moda al massimo moissanite fire off park collection park avenue collection prazana lab-grown diamonds southwest style jewelry splendido oro timna jewelry collection vanna k for bella luce trending collections trending collections trending collections back celestial jewelry dainty jewelry ear stacking fall florals feminine details glamorous gold jewelry leopard print nfl not so subtle pearl jewelry novelty jewelry storytelling jewelry tenniscore collections collections collections back animal jewelry cross jewelry floral jewelry heart jewelry inspirational jewelry luxury jewelry mixed metal jewelry nature jewelry religious jewelry vintage-inspired jewelry featured brands featured brands featured brands back barse calvin klein invicta lovery judith ripka fine jewelry stackable expressions star wars rings rings back shop all rings shop all rings back ring type ring type ring type back 3-stone rings all metal rings band rings birthstone rings cocktail rings dainty rings halo rings ring sets solitaire rings statement rings trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside diamond morganite ruby sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver platinum platineve department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry rings fashion jewelry rings earrings earrings back shop all earrings shop all earrings back earring type earring type earring type back all metal earrings birthstone earrings dangle earrings earring sets halo earrings hoop earrings stud earrings earring backs trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond opal sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry earrings fashion jewelry earrings necklaces & pendants necklaces & pendants back shop all necklaces & pendants shop all necklaces & pendants back necklace type necklace type necklace type back all metal necklaces beaded necklaces birthstone necklaces chain necklaces pendants statement necklaces strand necklaces necklace extenders trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond garnet jadeite sapphire spinel tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry necklaces fashion jewelry necklaces bracelets bracelets back shop all bracelets shop all bracelets back bracelet type bracelet type bracelet type back all metal bracelets bangle bracelets birthstone bracelets chain bracelets charm bracelets cuff bracelets stackable bracelets stretch bracelets tennis bracelets bracelet charms bracelet charms bracelet charms back all bracelet charms animal charms celestial charms friends & family charms heart charms holiday charms initial charms inspirational charms kid's charms medical charms nautical charms religious charms sports charms symbol charms travel charms trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond jadeite morganite sapphire spinel tanzanite topaz turquoise material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry bracelets fashion jewelry bracelets gemstones & pearls gemstones & pearls back gemstones gemstones gemstones back shop all color gemstones birthstone jewelry chrome diopside morganite opal ruby sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise stone color stone color stone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow gemstone product type gemstone product type gemstone product type back gemstone rings gemstone earrings gemstone necklaces gemstone bracelets pearls pearls pearls back shop all pearls akoya pearls freshwater pearls south sea pearls tahitian pearls mother of pearl pearl color pearl color pearl color back white black gray peach pink yellow pearl product types pearl product types pearl product types back pearl rings pearl earrings pearl necklaces pearl bracelets featured brands featured brands featured brands back all artisan collections artisan of bali artisan of india artisan of ireland artisan of turkey genusis pearls pacific style southwest style timna jewelry diamonds & diamond alternatives diamonds & diamond alternatives back diamonds diamonds diamonds back shop all diamonds diamond rings diamond earrings diamond necklaces diamond bracelets shop all lab-grown diamonds lab-grown diamond rings lab-grown diamond earrings lab-grown diamond stud earrings lab-grown diamond necklaces lab-grown diamond bracelets diamond color diamond color diamond color back black blue brown green pink red white yellow cubic zirconia cubic zirconia cubic zirconia back shop all cubic zirconia cubic zirconia rings cubic zirconia earrings cubic zirconia necklaces cubic zirconia bracelets cubic zirconia white jewelry cubic zirconia color jewelry moissanite moissanite moissanite back shop all moissanite moissanite rings moissanite earrings moissanite necklaces moissanite bracelets featured brands featured brands featured brands back bella luce bella luce italia charles winston for bella luce lisa mason for bella luce moissanite fire park avenue diamonds prazana lab-grown diamonds vanna k for bella luce watches watches back shop all watches shop all watches back watch type watch type watch type back casual dress fashion sport featured shops featured shops featured shops back classic collegiate luxury minimalist new arrivals on trend retro statement movement movement movement back automatic chronograph quartz solar band color band color band color back black blue brown pink white yellow band material band material band material back leather metal silicone accessories accessories accessories back watch bands watch boxes featured brands featured brands featured brands back bianci charles hubert christian van sant invicta mathey-tissot obaku oceanaut oniss roberto cavalli seapro department department department back womens mens accessories accessories back eyewear type eyewear type eyewear type back shop all eyewear eyeglass frames reading glasses sunglasses eyewear frame shape eyewear frame shape eyewear frame shape back aviator cat eye rectangle round square eyewear frame color eyewear frame color eyewear frame color back black blue brown pink eyewear featured brands eyewear featured brands eyewear featured brands back chanel gucci off park tom ford versace handbag type handbag type handbag type back shop all handbags backpacks clutches crossbody bags handbags messenger bags wallets wristlets handbag color handbag color handbag color back black blue brown gray pink red white handbag featured brands handbag featured brands handbag featured brands back fendi gucci prada saint laurent valentino versace jewelry accessories jewelry accessories jewelry accessories back shop all accessories earring accessories necklace accessories sizers & adjusters fashion accessories fashion accessories fashion accessories back shop all fashion accessories women's accessories men's accessories beauty and fragrances beauty and fragrances back shop all beauty and fragrances shop all beauty and fragrances back fragrance type fragrance type fragrance type back shop all fragrances cologne perfume eau de cologne eau de parfum eau de toilette eau fraiche parfum fragrance sets fragrance sets fragrance sets back cologne sets perfume sets fragrance scent fragrance scent fragrance scent back citrus earthy floral fresh fruity spicy sweet warm woody fragrance brand fragrance brand fragrance brand back burberry calvin klein elizabeth arden estee lauder juicy couture lancome ralph lauren versace bath and body bath and body bath and body back bath and body sets jewelry making jewelry making back shop all jewelry making shop all jewelry making back beads beads beads back shop all beads bead strands cabochon beads czech glass beads faceted beads focal beads gemstone beads large hole beads loose beads pearl beads seed beads findings findings findings back shop all findings bail findings clasps earring findings finding assortments finding kits headpins jump rings spacer beads wire & stringing material wire & stringing material wire & stringing material back shop all stringing material bead stringing cord bead stringing wire jewelry making wire unfinished chain tools tools tools back shop all tools hammers lighting pliers stamp kit storage & organization technique technique technique back shop all techniques bead knotting bead stringing braiding leather work macrame soldering wire wrapping featured shops featured shops featured shops back jewelry maker must haves online exclusive jewelry making jewel school workshop featured brands featured brands featured brands back beadalon dakota stone jewel school john bead ottlite soft flex vintaj wubbers loose gemstones loose gemstones back shop all loose gemstones shop all loose gemstones back gemstone type gemstone type gemstone type back loose gemstones gemstone kits sets & parcels matched pairs mineral specimens created gemstones phenomenal gemstones gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red yellow white trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst aquamarine diamond emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire tanzanite tsavorite zircon featured shops featured shops featured shops back gemological tools gemstone organizers & storage collections collections collections back american splendor collection internal treasures lapidary legends museum collection collectors' corner education & reources education & reources education & reources back jtv extra gemstones sisk gemological reference gemological education storage & care storage & care back jewelry storage jewelry storage jewelry storage back shop all jewelry storage jewelry box valet tray watch box jewelry storage brands jewelry storage brands jewelry storage brands back mele & co wolf department department department back women's storage men's storage kid's storage care & cleaning care & cleaning care & cleaning back shop all care & cleaning cleaning accessories cleaning solution jewelry cleaner care tutorials collectibles & gifts collectibles & gifts back shop all gifts shop all gifts back most wished for most wished for back gift by recipient gift by recipient gift by recipient back for her for him for the bridesmaid for the fashionista for the home for the kids for the organizer for the pet lover for the sports fan gift cards fashion accessories fashion accessories fashion accessories back cufflinks keychains money clips home home home back shop all home kitchen and dining ornaments belleek deals deals back featured deals featured deals featured deals back super buys one only as is deals jtv outlet power buys closeout buys white tag clearance - extra 15% off blue tag clearance - extra 20% off savings savings savings back 15% - 25% off 25% - 50% off 50% - 75% off price price price back under $25 $25 - $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $250 $250 - $500 $500 and up last chance last chance last chance back artisan of brazil australian style global destinations keith jack koadon featured brands featured brands featured brands back artisan collections bella luce - up to 75% off charles winston for bella luce esotica moda al massimo moissanite fire - up to 75% off pacific style judith ripka southwest style clearance clearance clearance back shop all clearance jewelry rings earrings necklaces & pendants bracelets gemstones jewelry making clearance rings by size clearance rings by size clearance rings by size back size 5 size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 size 10 size 11 size 12 live live back airing now weekly product recap watch us live program guide channel finder jtv series jtv extra jtv español on demand share the jewelry love meet the hosts jewel school workshop | featured new best sellers christmas countdown trending now looks you'll love gift guide clearance auctions keyword search hello, guest! please sign in to view your account information, order status, and brilliant cash balance. my account order status lists brilliant cash sign in or create account jtv help send a little happy with a jtv gift card! know someone who loves to sparkle? give a jtv gift card and let the smiles begin. a jtv gift card is easy to give and even better to get. it puts thousands of gorgeous jewelry and gemstones within reach. jtv has something for everyone with an extensive selection of rings, earrings, necklaces, bracelets and more to complement any outfit or style. your recipient has endless options, from simple and subtle styles to bold and beautiful looks they’ll love. a jtv gift card is always in style and appreciated! send an egift card send a gift card by mail do you have a jtv promotional card?  promo card terms and conditions how do i redeem a promotional card? to redeem a promotional card, please visit jtv.com or call 1-800-619-3000 (24 hrs/day). how do i check a balance on a promotional card? please visit jtv.com or call 1-800-619-3000. do promotional cards expire? yes, promotional cards must be used by the expiration date appearing on the card. any remaining balance will be forfeited if not used by this date. are there any restrictions on what i can purchase using a promotional card? promotional cards can be used to make purchases on jtv.com or for products appearing on jtv's television broadcast. however, promotional cards cannot be used to purchase gift cards, as payment for any item bought using stretchpay, as payment on any credit account or payment for an existing installment plan. promotional cards are also not refundable or redeemable for cash, unless required by law. if i lose my promotional card is it replaceable? no, if your promotional card is lost, stolen, or used in an unauthorized manner, jtv is unable to replace it. can i return items that i bought using a promotional card? yes, if the items are returned before the promotional card expires. if you return items before the expiration date, jtv will issue a credit to your jtv account for the returned merchandise minus any expenses connected with the return such as shipping or restocking fees. any amounts paid using multiple methods of  payment, such as a visa card and a promotional card will be refunded in the same amounts to the original methods of payment, less any return fees. the credit for the returned merchandise must be used before the promotional card expires. when the promotional card expires, any credit existing for returned merchandise will also expire. what is the jtv gift card program?   gift card terms and conditions the jtv® gift card can be purchased in any amount between $25 and $500 online at www.jtv.cashstar.com or by calling the jtv customer call center at (800)-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day). jtv gift cards come in two varieties, “physical gift cards” (paper or plastic, although typically plastic and shipped by a common carrier) and “egiftcards” which are provided by email in the form of an electronic code. the term “gift cards” (or “gift card” in the singular) refers to both the physical gift cards and the egiftcards,except where specifically indicated otherwise. gift cards are redeemable up to their available balances only to purchase jtv merchandise and services offered on jtv’s television broadcast, online at jtv.com or viewed on jtv mobile apps. in order to redeem your gift card for your selected jtv merchandise or services, you must call the jtv customer call center at (800)-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day) and have your gift card information available. what kind of gift cards does jtv offer? jtv gift cards come in two varieties, “physical gift cards” (paper or plastic, although typically plastic and shipped by a common carrier) and “egiftcards” which are provided by email in the form of an electronic code. the term “gift cards” (or “gift card” in the singular) refers to both physical gift cards and egiftcards, except where specifically indicated otherwise. what can i buy with my gift card and how do i use it? gift cards can be used to purchase jtv merchandise and services offered for sale on jtv’s television broadcast, online at jtv.com or on jtv mobile apps. to use a gift card to make a purchase, you must use it as a method of payment during checkout on jtv.com or call (800) 619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day) and have your gift card number available. can i use my gift card as a "guest" on jtv.com? you have to create an account to use your gift card to make purchases from jtv’s television broadcast, online at jtv.com or viewed on jtv mobile apps. in order to redeem your gift card, you must use it as a method of payment during checkout on jtv.com or call the jtv call center at (800)-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day) and have your gift card information available. to create a new account, go to the "my account" link located at the top right corner of the homepage. under “new customer,” click the “create an account” button. to register, complete email, phone and personal information, and create an account password of at least 6 characters. required spaces are marked with an asterisk (*). once each section is completed, click the “create account” button at bottom of page. do jtv gift cards expire? jtv gift cards never expire and there are no fees for dormancy. we recommend that you redeem it soon after you receive it, so you don't forget. are there any fees associated with the use of jtv gift cards? there are not any fees associated with the use of a jtv gift card. you will only be charged the face value of your gift card at checkout, unless you elect to add expedited shipping (for physical gift cards). can i reload or change the value of my gift card after i've paid for it? you cannot reload or change the value of your gift card after you've paid for it. how do i check the balance on my gift card? to check your balance, please call the jtv customer care center at 1-800-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day). can i get a refund of my gift card purchase? purchases of physical gift cards and egiftcards are not refundable and may not be returned once they are purchased. what credit or debit cards do you accept? jtv accepts visa, mastercard, american express, discover and valid debit cards for gift card purchases. when am i charged for purchasing a gift card? your credit or debit card is charged at the time of purchase of your gift card, even if you select a future delivery date for an egiftcard. when will my recipient receive the gift card? for egiftcards, your egiftcard will be sent via email on the delivery date you choose, subject to rare exceptions for processing delays. for same-day delivery, most egiftcards are sent within an hour of the purchase transaction. for future delivery, egiftcards are sent on the morning of the scheduled delivery date. please see the "egiftcards" section below for more about egiftcards. the delivery date is pre-set to the current date, so if you do not select a different date, the alert message is sent on the same day as your purchase. for physical gift cards, which are typically plastic, these orders are generally shipped within one to two business days. delivery times are determined by the shipping method selected. once your gift card is shipped, you will receive an email with a tracking number, with which you may access the current shipping status of your gift. what are the shipping options? egiftcards will be sent via email. please see the "egiftcards" section below for more about egiftcards. for physical gift cards, you can choose standard shipping, or for an additional fee you can choose to expedite your order. you can make your selection under the “shipping method” option. depending on when your order is placed, it may take one to two business days to process your gift card order for delivery. how do i check my order status and delivery? if you order a physical gift card, it will be shipped by u.s. mail or another common carrier. you will receive an email with a tracking number, with which you may access the current shipping status of your gift card. if you purchase an egiftcard, you will receive an email message confirming delivery of the gift card alert email. where can i ship my order? gift cards may be shipped to a physical address in the u.s. or to a u.s. post office box via usps as a standard method of shipment. for expedited shipment, ups may be selected at checkout; however expedited shipment requires a physical address for delivery and may not be delivered to a post office box. what is a gift card pin and where do i find it? your jtv gift card has a card number and a personal identification number (“pin”) associated with it. the pin is used to help identify you when talking by telephone with customer service representatives or checking account information online. on jtv physical gift cards, the pin can be found by scratching off the silver box located on the back of the gift card. for jtv egiftcards, the pin will be contained in the email in which the egiftcard is delivered. what exactly does the recipient receive when i send a jtv gift card? when you order a physical gift card, the recipient will receive an envelope via the delivery method you selected during the purchase, which will include a carrier with your personalized method and the gift card. if you select to send email notification to the recipient, they will get advanced notice of the gift.when you order a jtv egiftcard, the recipient will receive an email advising that you have sent an egiftcard. the email will include a link which allows the recipient to view the egiftcard and activate it for use. what is the jtv brilliant cash rewards program? from time to time, and at our sole discretion, jtv may make various promotional offers under the jtv brilliant cash rewards program to allow jtv customers the opportunity to earn rewards by making qualifying purchases of jtv merchandise and services which are offered on jtv’s television broadcast, online at jtv.com or on jtv mobile apps. from time to time, and at our sole discretion, jtv may make other types of promotional offers under the brilliant cash rewards program, which may or may not require a purchase. all promotional offers are subject to certain conditions or limitations, which vary depending on the specific limited offer. you should carefully review all terms that accompany any promotional offers you may receive as terms may contain expiration dates and other restrictions as well as change or be discontinued without notice. see more information about the jtv brilliant cash rewards program and terms for current promotions. can i make a purchase using gift cards and brilliant cash rewards? yes, you can combine gift cards with your brilliant cash rewards to make a purchase from us. can i use my gift card for a stretch pay purchase? jtv’s stretch pay™ program allows you to pay for our merchandise in installments. you can use your gift card to make the first stretchpay payment (we call this your “deposit”), although we may need to make a slight adjustment to that payment to set up your method of payment for future installments. you can’t use your gift card to make payments on any existing installment plans, such as those you may have for previous stretchpay™ purchases. if your gift card balance won’t cover your first payment on your stretch pay™ purchase (and the difference is more than $1), you may simply apply your gift card balance to the first payment, and we’ll charge your method of payment for the remaining amount. for example, if your first payment is $100 and your gift card balance is $40, we’ll reduce your gift card balance by $40 and charge your method of payment for what’s left over ($60). if your gift card balance is larger than the amount of the first payment, we’ll need to add one small step--charging your method of payment for $1. this will allow us to set up your method of payment for the future installments. we’ll also need to add this step if you want to use your gift card and brilliant cash rewards to make the first payment and the combined balances exceed the amount of that payment. here’s an example of how this will work. nadine is purchasing a $500 item on stretch pay™. she’ll have a total of five payments of $100. nadine has $75 in her rewards account and a $50 jtv gift card. she wants to use them both for her first payment. we’ll reduce her rewards balance by $75. we’ll then reduce her jtv gift card by $24 and charge her credit card for $1. at that point, nadine will have made her first stretchpay™ payment, and she’ll still have $26 left on her jtv gift card. her remaining stretchpay™ installments will be charged to her credit card. can i use my gift card to make payments on my credit cards? no, you cannot use a gift card to make payments on your credit card. what if my gift card is lost, stolen or used without my authorization? please safeguard your gift card as you would cash. if it is lost, stolen or used without your authorization, it cannot be replaced. can i buy a gift card for myself? yes, you can purchase a gift card for yourself. for egiftcards, go to the "email" tab underneath "how would you like to deliver your egiftcard?" on this tab, enter your own email address in the "to" and "confirm recipient" fields. you should also enter your own name as the "recipient name" in the egiftcard preview area at the top of the page. complete the transaction normally. when you receive your egiftcard alert via email, follow the instructions in this message to retrieve and redeem your egiftcard. for physical gift cards, you can simply order a gift card and use it after it arrives. what happens to my gift card balance if i return items i’ve bought with a gift card? returns of jtv merchandise and services, which are purchased in whole or part with a gift card, are subject to jtv’s standard return policies and procedures. for all returns on purchases made by redeeming a gift card in whole or part, jtv will credit your jtv account. your refund will be allocated between the methods of payment you used for your original purchase. if you redeemed a gift card for the entire purchase amount of the item you are returning, a refund of that amount will be applied to your jtv account, less any charges connected with the return such as shipping (“return expenses”) amounts paid using multiple methods of payment, such as a visa and a gift card, will be refunded in the same amounts to the original method of payment and to your jtv account, less any return expenses. for example, imagine you bought a beautiful chrome diopside and zircon ring set in sterling silver for $89.99, and you snagged an offer with free shipping. to buy the ring, you used the $50 balance on your plastic gift card and put $39.99 on your visa card. you decide to return the ring. jtv would issue a $50 merchandise return credit to your jtv account. in addition, jtv would credit your visa card for $39.99. returns on purchases made in whole or part using rewards from the jtv brilliant cash rewards program are subject additional terms and conditions. what exactly does the recipient receive when i send an egiftcard? an egiftcard is an electronic gift card that is sent via email. on the delivery date you choose, a message is sent to the recipient informing them of your gift, with a link to retrieve it online. the link in the email goes to a page showing the egiftcard you created (the design you selected, with your recipient's name and your personalized message), its value and code number. this page also gives simple instructions for redeeming the egiftcard, including printing instructions. sometimes, special offers and promotions are listed on the page along with any terms and conditions applicable to those offers and promotions. i want a printed egiftcard to present to someone as a gift. how do i do this? simply personalize the egiftcard for your recipient, have it sent to yourself and then print it. to do this, go to the "print" tab underneath "how would you like to deliver your egiftcard?” on this tab, enter your own email address in the "your email" and "confirm your email" fields. enter your recipient's name and your personal message on the egiftcard preview and complete the transaction normally. you will receive an egiftcard alert via email. follow the instructions in this message to retrieve your egiftcard and then choose "click to print this page." the resulting printout may be presented as a gift to the recipient. can i send two (or more) egiftcards to two (or more) different people who share an email address? yes, for example, if you send separate egiftcards to aunt mary and uncle jim at their shared email address, they will receive two messages with the subject "[sender] sent you an egiftcard from jtv” with your name in place of [sender]. within the text of the emails, each message will be addressed to the respective recipient, using the name you entered in the purchase process, for example: "mary smith, john jones sent you a $xx egiftcard from jtv.” remember, multiple card orders are subject to limitations on dollar amounts. gift cards may be loaded in value in the minimum amount of twenty-five dollars ($25) up to five hundred dollars ($500). the total value added to any single gift card (either through purchase or reloading) may not exceed five hundred dollars ($500). total purchases of gift cards for any one individual person in a single transaction may not exceed one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) in one calendar day (24-hour period) or ten thousand dollars ($10,000) for all transactions combined in one calendar day (24-hour period). what are some common reasons why my recipient hasn’t viewed her egift card? we adhere to industry best practices to ensure successful delivery of the egiftcard via email. still, there is a chance that the email will be treated as spam or the recipient won’t notice it in their email inbox. if you have confirmed the recipient's email address, but the egiftcard has not been viewed within a reasonable period after the requested delivery date, the following is a list of the most common reasons why delivery may have failed: a spam filter blocked the email or routed it to a bulk/spam folder, the recipient's firewall blocked the email, the email inbox is over a size limit or the email address is invalid. if a spam filter is blocking gift card emails from getting to an inbox, the email options will need to be modified so that emails concerning the gift cards are not considered spam. this may include adding jtvgiftcards@cashstar.com as a safe sender to your email security options. if you need further assistance, contact jtv by calling the jtv call center at 1-800-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day), or by emailing jtvgiftcards@jtv.com. please refer to your order number or be ready to supply your email address. how do i know the recipient received the egiftcard i sent them? you will receive an email message confirming the egiftcard has been sent to the recipient. we are not responsible for gift cards that are undeliverable or not received due to your failure to provide an accurate physical address or email address for the recipient. please check to make sure the address of the recipient is correct and contact jtv by calling the jtv call center at 1-800-619-3000 (available 24 hrs/day), or by emailing jtvgiftcards@jtv.com if you suspect the recipient did not receive his/her gift card. please refer to your order number or be ready to supply your email address. should an email be returned to us due to inaccurate delivery information for the recipient, we will attempt to contact you for a valid email address. do i need to print my egiftcard in color? do i need a special printer? most standard office and household printers are equipped to print egiftcards and you do not need to print in color. some printers produce great results, and older printers sometimes don't print certain images well, but the most important thing is that the card number is clear. if it is not, you may need to install a new ink cartridge. what if someone makes a copy of my printed egiftcard? you must safeguard your egiftcard for your own protection. if someone makes a copy of your gift card and redeems it for the full amount, your copy will have no value. no matter how many copies are made, the value of the egiftcard is tied to the gift card number. when that number is used, the value of the purchase is deducted from the egiftcard. protect your gift card as you would cash. if it is lost or stolen or used without authorization, it will not be replaced. can i use my jtv gift card with a promotional financing offer? we're sorry, but jtv gift cards cannot be used with any promotional financing offers at this time. you will need to remove the jtv gift card as your method of payment or remove the promotional financing option to proceed with the checkout process. facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube by submitting your email address you agree to receive promotional emails and updates from jtv. you can withdraw your consent at any time. manage email preferences send a little happy to those you love with a jtv gift card. 1-800-581-3002 shop jewelry rings earrings necklaces bracelets watches loose gemstones jewelry making apparel gifts clearance brands artisan of bali™ bella luce® fabulite™ jewel school™ judith ripka moda al massimo® moissanite fire™ park avenue collection southwest style timna collection™ view currently on air jtv live stream channel finder program guide meet our hosts jtv extra all series jewel school™ tv info our story careers events executives blog customer reviews sweepstakes jtv rewards sitemap help customer support my account contact us accessibility order status privacy policy (updated 7.1.24) returns policy terms & conditions ©2000-  america's collectibles network, inc. all rights reserved. 9600 parkside drive, knoxville, tn 37922 all prices are in usd. your privacy choices | cookie settings chat sorry, our agents are currently helping other guests or are unavailable at this time. please check back later or call 800-550-8393 for jtv’s customer experience service team. back