来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250508031222/https://www.jtv.com/help/privacy-policy
================================================================================

jtv privacy policy | jtv free shipping sitewide! new to jtv? sign up for text alerts and receive $30 off your first order! $50 off your order of online exclusive styles of $200 with code: online50 flash sale! extra 10% off thousands of styles sitewide! price as marked. up to 70% off sitewide with thousands of items on 5x stretchpay! skip to content keyword search search hello my account account hello, guest! please sign in to view your account information, order status, and brilliant cash balance. my account order status brilliant cash sign in or create account 0 bag lists shop live account 0 bag shop shop back brands & collections brands & collections back exclusive brands exclusive brands exclusive brands back artisan collection bella luce charles winston for bella luce galleria milano gems en vogue judith ripka jewelry lisa mason for bella luce moda al massimo moissanite fire off park collection park avenue collection pearlfection prazana lab-grown diamonds southwest style jewelry splendido oro timeless creations timna jewelry collection vanna k for bella luce trending collections trending collections trending collections back bow jewelry cocktail rings collegiate jewelry color of the year ear stacking initial jewelry layered necklaces leopard print modern clover not so subtle pearl jewelry novelty jewelry online exclusives statement charms collections collections collections back animal jewelry cross jewelry floral jewelry heart jewelry inspirational jewelry luxury jewelry mixed metal jewelry nature jewelry religious jewelry vintage-inspired jewelry featured brands featured brands featured brands back barse calvin klein coach gucci honora invicta judith ripka fine jewelry kate spade lovery michael kors stackable expressions star wars prada versace rings rings back shop all rings shop all rings back ring type ring type ring type back 3-stone rings all metal rings band rings birthstone rings cocktail rings dainty rings halo rings ring sets solitaire rings statement rings trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside diamond morganite ruby sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver platinum platineve department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry rings fashion jewelry rings rings by size rings by size rings by size back size 5 size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 size 10 size 11 size 12 earrings earrings back shop all earrings shop all earrings back earring type earring type earring type back all metal earrings birthstone earrings dangle earrings earring sets halo earrings hoop earrings stud earrings earring backs trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond opal sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry earrings fashion jewelry earrings necklaces & pendants necklaces & pendants back shop all necklaces & pendants shop all necklaces & pendants back necklace type necklace type necklace type back all metal necklaces beaded necklaces birthstone necklaces chain necklaces pendants statement necklaces strand necklaces tennis necklaces necklace extenders trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond garnet jadeite sapphire spinel tanzanite topaz turquoise gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry necklaces fashion jewelry necklaces bracelets bracelets back shop all bracelets shop all bracelets back bracelet type bracelet type bracelet type back all metal bracelets bangle bracelets birthstone bracelets chain bracelets charm bracelets cuff bracelets stackable bracelets stretch bracelets tennis bracelets bracelet charms bracelet charms bracelet charms back all bracelet charms animal charms celestial charms friends & family charms heart charms holiday charms initial charms inspirational charms kid's charms medical charms nautical charms religious charms sports charms symbol charms travel charms trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst chrome diopside citrine diamond jadeite morganite sapphire spinel tanzanite topaz turquoise material material material back gold sterling silver gold over silver gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow department department department back womens mens kids fine jewelry bracelets fashion jewelry bracelets gemstones & pearls gemstones & pearls back gemstones gemstones gemstones back shop all color gemstones birthstone jewelry chrome diopside morganite opal ruby sapphire spinel strontium titanate tanzanite topaz turquoise stone color stone color stone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red white yellow gemstone product type gemstone product type gemstone product type back gemstone rings gemstone earrings gemstone necklaces gemstone bracelets pearls pearls pearls back shop all pearls akoya pearls freshwater pearls south sea pearls tahitian pearls mother of pearl pearl color pearl color pearl color back white black gray peach pink yellow pearl product types pearl product types pearl product types back pearl rings pearl earrings pearl necklaces pearl bracelets featured brands featured brands featured brands back all artisan collections artisan of bali artisan of india artisan of ireland artisan of turkey genusis pearls pacific style southwest style timna jewelry diamonds & diamond alternatives diamonds & diamond alternatives back diamonds diamonds diamonds back shop all diamonds diamond rings diamond earrings diamond necklaces diamond bracelets shop all lab-grown diamonds lab-grown diamond rings lab-grown diamond earrings lab-grown diamond stud earrings lab-grown diamond necklaces lab-grown diamond bracelets diamond color diamond color diamond color back black blue brown green pink red white yellow cubic zirconia cubic zirconia cubic zirconia back shop all cubic zirconia cubic zirconia rings cubic zirconia earrings cubic zirconia necklaces cubic zirconia bracelets cubic zirconia white jewelry cubic zirconia color jewelry moissanite moissanite moissanite back shop all moissanite moissanite rings moissanite earrings moissanite necklaces moissanite bracelets featured brands featured brands featured brands back bella luce bella luce italia charles winston for bella luce lisa mason for bella luce moissanite fire park avenue diamonds prazana lab-grown diamonds vanna k for bella luce watches watches back shop all watches shop all watches back watch type watch type watch type back casual dress fashion sport featured shops featured shops featured shops back classic collegiate luxury minimalist new arrivals on trend retro statement movement movement movement back automatic chronograph quartz solar band color band color band color back black blue brown pink white yellow band material band material band material back leather metal silicone accessories accessories accessories back watch bands watch boxes featured brands featured brands featured brands back bianci charles hubert christian van sant invicta mathey-tissot obaku oceanaut oniss roberto cavalli seapro department department department back womens mens accessories accessories back eyewear type eyewear type eyewear type back shop all eyewear eyeglass frames reading glasses sunglasses women's eyewear men's eyewear eyewear frame shape eyewear frame shape eyewear frame shape back aviator cat eye rectangle round square eyewear frame color eyewear frame color eyewear frame color back black blue brown pink eyewear featured brands eyewear featured brands eyewear featured brands back chanel gucci off park tom ford versace handbag type handbag type handbag type back shop all handbags backpacks clutches crossbody bags handbags messenger bags wallets wristlets handbag color handbag color handbag color back black blue brown gray pink red white handbag featured brands handbag featured brands handbag featured brands back fendi gucci prada saint laurent valentino versace jewelry accessories jewelry accessories jewelry accessories back shop all accessories earring accessories necklace accessories sizers & adjusters fashion accessories fashion accessories fashion accessories back shop all fashion accessories women's accessories men's accessories beauty and fragrances beauty and fragrances back shop all beauty and fragrances shop all beauty and fragrances back fragrance type fragrance type fragrance type back shop all fragrances cologne perfume eau de cologne eau de parfum eau de toilette eau fraiche parfum fragrance sets fragrance sets fragrance sets back cologne sets perfume sets fragrance scent fragrance scent fragrance scent back citrus earthy floral fresh fruity spicy sweet warm woody fragrance brand fragrance brand fragrance brand back burberry calvin klein elizabeth arden estee lauder juicy couture lancome ralph lauren versace bath and body bath and body bath and body back bath and body sets jewelry making jewelry making back shop all jewelry making shop all jewelry making back beads beads beads back shop all beads bead strands cabochon beads czech glass beads faceted beads focal beads gemstone beads large hole beads loose beads pearl beads seed beads findings findings findings back shop all findings bail findings clasps earring findings finding assortments finding kits headpins jump rings spacer beads wire & stringing material wire & stringing material wire & stringing material back shop all stringing material bead stringing cord bead stringing wire jewelry making wire unfinished chain tools tools tools back shop all tools hammers lighting pliers stamp kit storage & organization technique technique technique back shop all techniques bead knotting bead stringing braiding leather work macrame soldering wire wrapping featured shops featured shops featured shops back jewelry maker must haves online exclusive jewelry making jewel school workshop featured brands featured brands featured brands back beadalon dakota stone jewel school john bead ottlite soft flex vintaj wubbers loose gemstones loose gemstones back shop all loose gemstones shop all loose gemstones back gemstone type gemstone type gemstone type back loose gemstones gemstone kits sets & parcels matched pairs mineral specimens created gemstones phenomenal gemstones gemstone color gemstone color gemstone color back black blue brown green orange pink purple red yellow white trending gemstones trending gemstones trending gemstones back amethyst aquamarine diamond emerald garnet morganite opal sapphire tanzanite tsavorite zircon featured shops featured shops featured shops back gemological tools gemstone organizers & storage collections collections collections back american splendor collection internal treasures lapidary legends museum collection collectors' corner vault collection education & resources education & resources education & resources back jtv extra gemstones sisk gemological reference gemological education storage & care storage & care back jewelry storage jewelry storage jewelry storage back shop all jewelry storage jewelry box valet tray watch box jewelry storage brands jewelry storage brands jewelry storage brands back mele & co wolf department department department back women's storage men's storage kid's storage care & cleaning care & cleaning care & cleaning back shop all care & cleaning cleaning accessories cleaning solution jewelry cleaner care tutorials collectibles & gifts collectibles & gifts back shop all gifts shop all gifts back most wished for most wished for back gift by recipient gift by recipient gift by recipient back for her for him for the bridesmaid for the fashionista for the home for the kids for the organizer for the pet lover for the sports fan gift cards fashion accessories fashion accessories fashion accessories back cufflinks keychains money clips home home home back shop all home kitchen and dining ornaments belleek deals deals back featured deals featured deals featured deals back just reduced super buys one only as is deals jtv outlet power buys closeout buys last chance deal daily deal savings savings savings back 15% - 25% off 25% - 50% off 50% - 75% off price price price back under $25 $25 - $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $250 $250 - $500 $500 and up last chance last chance last chance back artisan of brazil australian style global destinations keith jack koadon featured brands featured brands featured brands back artisan collections bella luce - up to 75% off charles winston for bella luce esotica moda al massimo moissanite fire - up to 75% off pacific style judith ripka southwest style clearance clearance clearance back shop all clearance jewelry rings earrings necklaces & pendants bracelets gemstones jewelry making clearance rings by size clearance rings by size clearance rings by size back size 5 size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 size 10 size 11 size 12 live live back airing now weekly picks weekly product recap watch us live program guide channel finder jtv series jtv extra livestreaming jtv español on demand share the jewelry love meet the hosts | featured new best sellers weekly picks mother's day gifts trending now looks you'll love clearance auctions keyword search hello, guest! please sign in to view your account information, order status, and brilliant cash balance. my account order status lists brilliant cash sign in or create account jtv help help jtv privacy policy accessibility account affirm auctions faqs brilliant cash™ broadcast programming community policy contact jtv email spam filters express ordering general help & support gift cards gift information center gold exchange™ jedora jewel safe jtv giveaway rules live viewer moissanite fire™ warranty orders paypal preferred account privacy policy products promotion exclusions protecting your ssn referral program return options returns policy rewards terms shipping policy stretchpay™ testimonials terms and conditions text alerts text alert privacy policy text alert terms & conditions unsubscribe vendor application wait list privacy policy effective date. this privacy policy was last updated as of july 1, 2024. we care about privacy and appreciate that our customers trust us to protect the privacy and security of your personal information. please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we treat your personal information and what choices and rights you have in this regard. if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this policy, you should not access or use the site or engage in communications with us concerning our products or services. this site is intended for users located in the united states and canada. it is not intended for users located in other countries, including the european union and the european economic area. by using this site, you acknowledge and agree that you are using the site from within the united states or canada. introduction america’s collectibles network, inc. d/b/a jewelry television® (also referred to herein as “we,” “us,” and “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we collect, use, share, and otherwise process as part of our business. we also believe in transparency, and we are committed to informing you about how we treat your personal information. this privacy policy (the “policy”) provides you with a description of our online and offline practices regarding your personal information and the rights you have regarding your personal information. this policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, and process personal information when you (i) visit our website(s) (e.g., jtv.com and jtvauctions.com), (ii) use our application(s) (e.g., jtv go, jtv live, and gemstone discovery) on any platforms (e.g., ios, android, roku), (iii) engage with us on social media platforms (e.g., facebook, instagram, youtube and pinterest), (iv) contact our customer care department and/or our express ordering system or express self service system; or (v) otherwise do business with us as a consumer. when you engage with us through any of the platforms listed above (collectively, the “site” or “sites”), you are indicating that you understand, accept and consent to the practices described in this privacy policy, as well as jtv’s terms and conditions (which can be found at https://www.jtv.com/help/terms), and jtv’s community policy (which can be found at https://www.jtv.com/help/community-policy). if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our site. if you download, install, or otherwise use the gemstone discovery application, your use of such application is, in addition to this privacy policy, subject to the gemstone collection terms of use, which can be found in the gemstone discovery application, including those terms and conditions related to any user generated content (as defined in the gemstone collection terms of use) you provide as part of your use of the application. if you would like to receive a paper copy of this privacy policy, or require further assistance in accessing this privacy policy, you may call (800) 550-8393 to make such a request. what information do we collect? notice at collection. we collect the following information from you for the purposes described in the “how do we use and share your information?” section of this policy. additionally, we may collect and use inferences drawn from any of the information identified below to create a profile about you, which may reflect topics like your preferences or purchasing behavior. if you are a resident of california, please also see the “california privacy rights” section of this policy for more information. if you are a resident of canada, please also see the “canada privacy rights” section of this policy for more information. we may also obtain any of the information listed below from data vendors to supplement the information we collect from you. the “ccpa categories of personal information” listed in the chart reference the categories set forth in the ccpa definition of personal information. category description contact information when you visit the site, request information about our products or services, subscribe to jtv emails or newsletters, create an account, place an order by phone or through the site, submit a review of our products, participate in a contest, sweepstakes or giveaway, interact with our website (e.g., a pop-up that asks for your email address to receive offers, etc.), or contact us (including contacting our customer care department via phone, mail, email, chat, or social media), we may ask you for your contact information. contact information may include your first and last names, email address, street address, city, state, province, territory, zip code, postal code, telephone number, social media usernames, date of birth, or other contact details. we may also ask you for contact information about other people to whom you are sending product(s) ordered from us. ccpa categories of personal information: identifiers; categories described in the customer records statute; geolocation data order and payment information if you place an order, make a return, or request a refund, in addition to contact information (including, for example, the shipping address and billing address), we (or our payment processor) may collect your order and payment information. order and payment information may include your payment method information such as credit/debit card or account numbers, expiration date, and related card verification value (“cvv”). we will also keep records of the products or services purchased or considered as well as other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. ccpa categories of personal information: categories described in the customer records statute; commercial information; sensitive information user account information in order to access and use certain features of the site, you must first create an account. when you create an account, we collect your user account information and associate it with your contact information. user account information includes the password that you choose to create, the account number we assign to you, and other information you choose to share with us through your account. ccpa categories of personal information: identifiers government identifiers when you apply for a jtv private label credit card, in addition to your contact information, we may collect government identifiers, including social security/social insurance number or other similar identifiers, in order to process your application. ccpa categories of personal information: identifiers; categories described in the customer records statute; sensitive information audio or similar information we may monitor or record any calls made to our call center for quality assurance, coaching, and training purposes. we may associate this with your contact information and/or your user account information. ccpa categories of personal information: audio, electronic, visual, or similar information communications, feedback, support, and inquiries if you contact our customer care department via phone, mail, email, chat, or social media; contact us for support or to ask us questions or report a problem; provide us with feedback; submit a photo; respond to our surveys; enter a contest, sweepstakes or giveaway; or submit reviews or other content, in addition to your contact information, we will collect communications, feedback, support, and inquiries. communications, feedback, support, and inquiries may include the subject matter of your message and any comments, ratings, reviews, content or responses that you choose to provide. we may keep a log of the information you provide, and this could include additional personal information about you if you decide to include that information. in addition, when you communicate with us, including through any social media site, we will collect the information that is tied to your account and your engagement with us, and we may retain all content, messages, and information that you provide to us. if you receive email communications from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to if/when you open our message and if/when you click on any links or banners it contains. other information collected through this email tracking feature includes: your email address, the date and time of your “click” on the email, a message number, the name of the list from which the message was sent, a tracking url number, and a destination page. we may associate communications, feedback, support, and inquiries with your contact information and/or your user account information. ccpa categories of personal information: characteristics of protected classifications; commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information; audio, electronic, visual, or similar information cookies and similar technologies when you visit our site or use our mobile applications, we use cookies and similar technologies. please see the “cookies and similar technologies” section of this policy below for more information. ccpa categories of personal information: internet or other electronic network activity information usage information when you visit the site, we automatically collect usage information from your browser and your device. usage information includes the date and time of your visit as well as geolocation, time zone, internet protocol (ip) address or unique device identifier, domain server, operating system, browser type, access time, what websites or search terms referred you to the site and data about which pages you visit and how you interact with the site. ccpa categories of personal information: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; sensitive information inferences we may draw inferences from any of the categories of personal information identified above to create a profile about you, which may reflect topics like your preferences, or purchasing behavior. ccpa categories of personal information: inferences cookies and similar technologies what are first and third-party cookies? a “cookie” is a small file created by a web server that can be stored on your device (if you allow) for use either during a particular browsing session (a “session” cookie) or a future browsing session (a “persistent” cookie). “session” cookies are temporarily stored on your device and remain there until they expire at the end of your browsing session. “persistent” cookies remain stored on your device until they expire or are deleted by you. local shared objects (or “flash” cookies) are used to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on a website. first-party cookies are set by the website you are visiting, and they can only be read by that site. third-party cookies are set by a party other than that website. what are “similar technologies”? in addition to cookies, there are other data collection technologies, such as internet tags, web beacons, pixels (clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs), and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, etc.) that can be used to collect data as you navigate through and interact with a website. for example, web beacons are tiny graphics with unique identifiers that are used to understand browsing activity. utm codes are strings that can appear in a url when you move from one web page or website to another. the string can represent information about your browsing, such as which advertisement, page, or publisher sent you to the receiving website. what cookies and similar technologies are in use and why do we use them? the site uses cookies and similar technologies to improve site functionality, to measure and track how you interact with the site, to perform analytics, to market to you, to track ad-driven activity, and to otherwise tailor our communications with you. we set certain first-party cookies, including certain cookies that let us know if a user makes a purchase in connection with one of our referral sources. we also use certain third-party cookies and technologies. for example, we may use certain adobe technologies to facilitate our ability to analyze data designed to help us improve our site, products, offers, and marketing.  you can “opt out” of certain technologies from adobe by using the adobe experience cloud solutions platform by clicking the following link https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html and following the instructions provided. additionally, we may use google analytics to collect and process statistical data about the number of people using the site(s) and to better understand how they find and use our site(s).  any data collected is used in accordance with our privacy policy and google’s privacy policy. you may learn more about google analytics by visiting https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ as well as google's restrictions on data use by visiting the google privacy policy at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy. to opt-out of google analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install the opt-out browser add-on feature.  for more details, visit the “google analytics opt-out browser add-on” page (located at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en).  additionally, we may use microsoft’s microsoft advertising services.  the microsoft privacy statements regarding microsoft’s use of any information disclosed to microsoft to provide the microsoft advertising service can be found at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement. we also use rakuten advertising services, which may collect personal information when you interact with our site. the collection and use of this information is subject to rakuten’s privacy policy which can be found at https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/. for more information and to opt-out, visit https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rights-request-form/. other third-party technologies some third parties may use automated data collection technologies to collect information about you when you browse the internet. we do not control these third parties’ technologies or how they may be used. if you have any questions about targeted content, you should contact the responsible party directly or consult their privacy policies. choices about cookies most web browsers are set by default to accept cookies. if you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to refuse all or some types of cookies or to alert you when cookies are being stored. these settings may affect your enjoyment of the site’s functionality. adjusting the cookie settings may not fully delete all of the cookies that have already been created. to delete them, you should review your web browser settings after you have changed your cookie settings. the links below provide additional information about how to disable cookies or manage the cookie settings: google chrome:    https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en firefox:     https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences microsoft edge:    https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/delete-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-63947406-40ac-c3b8-57b9-2a946a29ae09 safari:     https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-sfri11471/mac   and   https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht201265 you may learn more about internet advertising practices and related consumer resources at https://youradchoices.com/control, https://thenai.org/about-online-advertising/faq, and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices. how do we use and share your information? how do we use the personal information described in this policy? we may use the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes: processing your purchases and returns and delivering the products and services that you have requested; processing your payments and refunds; detecting fraud and preventing loss; providing you with information about our products and services; contacting you about products or services that may be of interest to you; enabling you to track the status of your purchase or return; establishing and maintaining your user account with us; managing our relationship with you; improving our services and customer service; allowing you to contact us and facilitate your communication with us; responding to your feedback, requests, questions, or inquiries; registering you for our email distribution lists; sending you periodic emails; administering a contest, sweepstakes, promotion, or survey; enabling you to share reviews, comments, questions, and answers; providing you more tailored advertising; operating the site(s) and preparing aggregate traffic information; recognizing your device and remembering your interactions; providing you with a more personal and interactive experience on the site; engaging with you on social media, including contacting you via social media and using other social media tools to interact with you; operating our business; enforcing our policies and contracts; facilitating, or use in connection with, corporate mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, dissolutions, or other transfers; ensuring safety of person or property; asking if you would like for us to share your information with third parties; pre-qualifying you for our credit card (more information about the jtv preferred account, including the terms and conditions that apply, can be found at https://www.jtv.com/help/jtv-preferred-account); accomplishing any other purpose related to and/or ancillary to any of the purposes and uses described in this policy for which your information was provided to us; accomplishing another purpose described to you when you provide the information, for which you have consented, or for which we have a legal basis under law; complying with federal, provincial, territorial, state, or local laws; complying with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, order, or summons by federal, state, provincial, territorial or local authorities; cooperating with law enforcement agencies; exercising or defending legal rights or claims; and creating, using, retaining, or disclosing de-identified or aggregated data. how do we disclose or share the information described in this policy? where permitted by applicable law, we may share the information described above in the following contexts: category description corporate affiliates we may share your information with our corporate affiliates, such as multimedia commerce group, inc. (“mcgi”), the parent company of jtv, and any other entity wholly or partially owned by jtv or mcgi, and with their respective officers, directors, employees, accountants, attorneys and agents. acquisitions and similar transactions in accordance with applicable law, we may disclose your information in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our company assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding. disclosures with your consent we may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy. we will only disclose your information in this context with your consent. legal obligations and rights (subpoenas, court orders, and warrants) we may disclose the information described in this policy in response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders or other legal process, to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or to comply with relevant laws. we may also share such information in order to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against a legal claim; and to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our contracts. public some areas of our site may offer forums or provide the opportunity for users to post comments or reviews in a public forum. please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your information. if you decide to submit your information in these areas, you do so at your own risk, and you acknowledge that the information will be publicly available. third parties we may provide information about you to advertisers and other third parties that we allow to advertise and/or make their goods or services available to you on our sites. these parties may combine your personal information with their own records for their own purposes, including for their own and third-party marketing. professional advisors we may share information with our insurers and professional advisors, including lawyers, attorneys and accountants, that need access to such information to provide operational or other support services on our behalf. service providers we may share your information with our service providers that need access to such information to provide operational or other support services on our behalf. among other things, service providers help us to fulfill orders; process payments; provide warranties; administer the site; provide technical support; offer customer support; send marketing, promotions and communications; provide advertising services; provide data analytics services; assist with auditing; perform quality and safety-related services; and assist with other legitimate purposes permitted by law. our service providers are contractually obligated to keep personal information confidential, retain, use, or disclose your personal information for only the business purposes for which we disclose it to them, and to process the personal information with the same standards set out in this policy deidentified or aggregated data we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any specific individual, such as groupings of demographic data and customer preferences, for purposes such as new product and marketing development. how long do we store and use your information? we will retain and use your information for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, to comply with our business requirements and legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to protect our assets, to provide our products and services, and to enforce our agreements. we take reasonable steps to delete the information we collect when (1) we have a legal obligation to do so, (2) we no longer have a purpose for retaining the information, and (3) if you ask us to delete your information, unless we determine that doing so would violate our existing, legitimate legal, regulatory, dispute resolution, contractual, or similar obligations. we may also decide to delete your information if we believe it is incomplete, inaccurate, or that our continued storage of it is contrary to our legal obligations or business objectives. when we delete information, it will be removed from our active servers and databases; but, it may remain in our archives when it is not practical or possible to delete it. to the extent permitted by law, we may retain and use anonymous and aggregated information for performance reporting, benchmarking, and analytic purposes and for product and service improvement. we are required by law to maintain records of consumer requests submitted under the california consumer privacy act and how we responded to such requests for at least 24 months. we only use this information for recordkeeping purposes.  if you are a resident of california, please see the california privacy rights section for more information. how do we protect your information? we understand the importance of securing and protecting your information.  we maintain safeguards to secure your personal information and to help protect the integrity and privacy of the personal information you provide.  for example, when collecting credit card information, we offer secure-server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone from intercepting and misusing it (more information about how we protect your credit card information can be found under “help” at https://www.jtv.com/help). we also use “firewalls,” secure socket layers and other security technology to protect your information and our network. we secure your personal information on servers located in controlled, secure environments, protected from unauthorized access, use or alteration. our employees have limited access to your personal information based on their responsibilities and all employees with access to any such information are instructed to protect the confidentiality of your personal information as described in the privacy policy. we want you to feel confident using our site(s) to transact business. however, no system can be completely secure. therefore, although we take steps to secure your personal information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure. the safety and security of your personal information also depends on you. where you use a password for access to restricted parts of the site, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. do not share your password with anyone. you should also take care with how you handle and disclose your personal information and should avoid sending personal information through unsecure e-mail. we encourage you to learn about how to prevent identify theft. some excellent resources can be found on the websites like the site of the federal trade commission, www.ftc.gov and the office of the privacy commissioner (canada), https://www.priv.gc.ca/. if security safeguards are breached such that it compromises your personal information, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are required to do so by applicable law. your rights and choices about your personal information please use the “contact us” details provided at the end of this policy to exercise your rights and choices. we honor such requests when we are required to do so under applicable law. communication preferences. if you wish to change your communication preferences or no longer wish to receive communications from us via email, you may opt-out by clicking the “unsubscribe” link available at the bottom of our email communications or by contacting customer care at customercare@jtv.com or 800-550-8393 and providing your name and email address so that we may identify you in the opt-out process. we honor such requests when we are required to do so under applicable law.  once we receive your instruction, we will promptly take corrective action. it may take us up to seven (7) days to process any request to opt-out of communications. if you provide your email address when placing an order, either online or via our call center, you will receive transaction-based emails including but not limited to order confirmation and shipment confirmation. we reserve the right to send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. for example, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. you can’t opt out of these communications unless you deactivate your account. cookies. you may set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when cookies are being set. for more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, visit http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/. you may learn more about internet advertising practices and related consumer resources at http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/, http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and http://youronlinechoices.eu/. accuracy and updating your personal information. our goal is to keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete. if any of the personal information you have provided to us changes, please let us know by contacting customer care at customercare@jtv.com or 800-550-8393. you may also edit your account details if you have a user account through the site. for instance, if your email address changes, you may wish to let us know so that we can communicate with you. if you become aware of inaccurate personal information about you, you may want to update your information. we are not responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete personal data that you provide to us. complaints. if you believe your rights relating to your personal information have been violated, you may lodge a complaint with us by contacting via the “contact us” details provided at the end of this policy. individual rights depending on where you live in the united states, you may have certain rights relating to your personal information. currently, individuals who live in california, colorado, connecticut, oregon, texas, utah, and virginia have certain rights. depending on the requirements in your state, these rights include the following: right to confirmation and access. residents of certain states have the right to confirm whether we process their personal information and to access such personal information. right to a copy. residents of certain states have the right to access their personal information, including a right to obtain a copy of the consumer’s personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance. residents of oregon also have the right to receive a list of specific third parties to which we have disclosed the consumer’s personal data. right to know. residents of certain states have the right to request: (1) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; (2) the categories of personal information we have collected about you; (3) the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (4) the categories of personal information about you that we have sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared; (5) the categories of personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose; (6) the business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing, selling, or sharing personal information; and (7) the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information. our response will cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of a verifiable request unless a longer period is requested by you. right to delete. residents of certain states have a right to request the erasure/deletion of certain personal information collected or maintained by us. as described herein, we will delete your personal information from our records and notify any service providers or contractors (as defined under applicable law) to delete your personal information from their records. however, we are not required to honor a deletion request if an exemption applies under the law. right to correct. residents of certain states have a right to correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes for which we process the personal information. we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the inaccurate personal information as directed by you. rights regarding sensitive data. we only process sensitive data with your consent or where otherwise permitted by applicable law. where you have provided consent to this processing, you may revoke your consent or opt out of the processing of your sensitive data at any time. for residents of california, this includes your ccpa right to limit the processing of sensitive personal information to that processing permitted by the ccpa. right to opt out. residents of certain states have the right to direct us to stop selling, and for residents of california, sharing your personal information to third parties and to refrain from doing so in the future. residents of certain states have the right to opt out of targeted advertising and profiling based on your personal information. in addition to the submission process below, you can opt-out of targeted advertising by adjusting your preferences in the cookie preference center for the site. submission instructions. you may submit a request to exercise one of the above rights via our request portal or by telephone call to (800) 501-8081. regarding requests to delete, we may present you with the choice to delete select portions of your personal information, but subject to applicable law a global option to delete all personal information will be offered and more prominently presented. if a request is submitted in an incorrect manner or if it is deficient, we will provide you with specific directions on how to submit the request or remedy any deficiencies, as applicable. verification process. we are required by law to verify the identities of those who submit requests to know or requests to delete. to determine whether the individual making the request is the consumer about whom we have collected information, we will verify your identity by matching the identifying information provided by you in the request to the personal information that we already maintain about you. as a part of this process, you will be required to provide your name, email address, address, and/or telephone number and may be required to take additional steps to validate your request. when you make a request through our online request portal , we will send a message to the email address you provided in your request and you must validate your request within seven (7) days. your request will be considered validated once you have completed the email validation process or submitted additional information as requested. should you fail to confirm your request within the relevant timeframe and/or fail to provide the additional information requested, your request will be considered unvalidated and closed. if we cannot verify the identity of the person making a request for categories of personal information, we may deny the request. if the request is denied in whole or in part for this reason, we will provide a copy of, or direct you to, our privacy policy. if we cannot verify the identity of the person making the request for specific pieces of personal information, we are prohibited from disclosing any specific pieces of personal information to the requestor. however, if denied in whole or in part for this reason, we will evaluate the request as if it is seeking the disclosure of categories of personal information about the consumer. if we cannot verify the identity of the person making a request to delete, we may deny the request. if there is no reasonable method by which we can verify the identity of the requestor to the degree of certainty required, we will state this in our response and explain why we have no reasonable method by which we can verify the identity of the requestor. authorized agents. authorized agents may submit requests via the methods identified in this policy. if you use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete, we may require you to: (1) provide the authorized agent with signed permission to do so; (2) verify your identity directly with us; and (3) directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. however, we may not require these actions with respect to confirmed guardianship, conservatorship, power of attorney, or other protective arrangement in accordance with  if you have provided the authorized agent with applicable law. excessive requests. if requests from a consumer are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may either (1) charge a reasonable fee, or (2) refuse to act on the request and notify the consumer of the reason for refusing the request. if we charge a fee, the amount will be based upon the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested. non-discrimination. you have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us due to your exercise of the above rights. we do not offer financial incentives and price or service differences, and we do not discriminate against consumers, employees, applicants, or independent contractors for exercising their rights under applicable law. appeals process. residents of certain states have the right to appeal a refusal to take action on a request within a reasonable time after your receipt of the decision. you may submit an appeal by responding with a comment on your request in our online portal or by calling our toll-free telephone number (800-501-8081). we will inform you of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, along with a written explanation of the reasons in support of the response. nevada residents. as required by nevada law, you may submit a verified request to us at (800) 550-8393 to request that we not make any sale of covered information. please provide your name and contact information in your request, and we will respond to your request in accordance with nevada law. california residents for purposes of this subsection regarding the california consumer privacy act, as amended (“ccpa”), all terms referenced herein shall have the meaning accorded to them in the ccpa, when applicable.  this subsection regarding the ccpa applies only to california consumers, as defined under the ccpa. ccpa notice at collection. for purposes of the ccpa, we collect the categories of personal information listed in the “what information do we collect” section of this policy.  we may provide a separate notice at collection if we collect additional information or intend to use information for additional purposes. data practices during the last 12 months personal information collected: as described in this policy, we have collected the following categories of personal information identified in the ccpa during the preceding 12 months: identifiers categories described in the customer records statute characteristics of protected classifications commercial information internet or other electronic network activity information geolocation data audio, electronic, visual, or similar information inferences sensitive information categories of sources: we have collected the personal information identified in this policy from you when you engage with us by interacting with our site, contacting us by phone, placing an order, subscribing to emails, participating in a contest, sweepstakes, or survey, submitting a vendor or employment application, or engaging with our social media accounts. additionally, in order to improve our services, we may supplement your personal information with information obtained from third parties. for example, for credit card payments, we may communicate with a company that processes credit card payments and utilize services which help us verify your identity. we may also obtain information from data vendors. business and commercial purposes for collecting: we have collected the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes listed in the “how do we use and share your information” section above. sale and sharing of personal information: disclosures of personal information to certain of our vendors may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under california law. you can opt-out of sale/sharing by using our request form  to select your preferences or by broadcasting an opt-out preference signal, such as the global privacy control (gpc) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). if you do not have a jtv.com account or you are not logged into your account, the signal sent by your browser will be linked to your browser only and will not be linked to your account, as we do not have a way to associate the browser with your account. the categories of personal information disclosed during the preceding 12 months that may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under california law are: identifiers; categories described in the customer records statute; geolocation data; internet or other electronic network activity information; commercial information; inferences; and sensitive information. we have sold or shared the categories of personal information listed above to the categories of third parties listed in the “how do we use and share your information” section above. business and commercial purposes for selling/sharing. we have sold or shared these categories of personal information  listed above for the purposes listed in the “how do we use and share your information” section above. we do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. personal information disclosed for a business purpose: we have disclosed for a business purpose the categories of personal information listed below during the preceding 12 months: identifiers categories described in the customer records statute characteristics of protected classifications commercial information internet or other electronic network activity information geolocation data audio, electronic, visual, or similar information inferences sensitive information we have disclosed each category of personal information to the following categories of third parties: (1) service providers (data analytics data storage, mailing, marketing, payment processing, site administration, technical support); (2) corporate affiliates; (3) professional advisors such as accountants and attorneys; and (4) third parties with your consent. business and commercial purposes for disclosing: we have disclosed the categories of personal information listed above the parties listed above for the purposes listed in the “how do we use and share your information” section above. notice of financial incentive: we offer our customers a refer a friend referral program and other programs from time to time that offer brilliant cash and other exclusive offers. we also provide other programs such as sweepstakes or similar promotional campaigns. when you sign up for one of these programs, we typically ask you to provide your name and basic contact information. because these programs involve the collection of personal information, they may be considered a “financial incentive” program under california law. the value of your personal information to us is related to the value of the benefits you obtain or that are provided as part of the applicable program, less our expenses related to offering the programs to participants. you may withdraw from these financial incentives at any time by contacting us at customercare@jtv.com. limited use of sensitive information. we only use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes permitted by the ccpa and to which the right to limit does not apply. california shine the light under california civil code section 1798.83, california residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use may be entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the information we shared, if any, with other businesses for direct marketing uses. at present, we do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “shine the light” requirements and only information on covered sharing, if any, will be included in our response. as part of the california online privacy protection act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by contacting us at customercare@jtv.com. canada privacy rights this subsection applies only to residents of canada. transferring your personal information. we may process, store, and transfer your personal information in and to the united states. us jurisdictions have different privacy laws that may or may not be as comprehensive as canadian law. in these circumstances, the governments, courts, law enforcement, or regulatory agencies of that country may be able to obtain access to your personal information through the laws of the foreign country. accessing and correcting your personal information. it is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. please keep us informed if your personal information changes. by law you have the right to request access to and to correct the personal information that we hold about you. you can review and change your personal information by logging into the site and visiting your account profile page or by contacting us at customercare@jtv.com. if you want to review, verify, correct, or withdraw consent to the use of your personal information you may write to us using the contact information provided below to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. we may not accommodate a request to change or delete information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. we may charge you a fee to access your personal information; however, we will notify you of any fee in advance. we may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and your right to access, and to provide you with the personal information that we hold about you or make your requested changes. applicable law may allow or require us to refuse to provide you with access to some or all of the personal information that we hold about you, or we may have destroyed, erased, or made your personal information anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. if we cannot honor your request, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions. withdrawing your consent where you have provided your consent to the collection, use, and transfer of your personal information, you may have the legal right to withdraw your consent under certain circumstances. to withdraw your consent, if applicable, contact us using the contact information provided below. please note that if you withdraw your consent we may not be able to provide you with a particular product or service. we will explain the impact to you at the time to help you with your decision. third-party sites this policy is applicable only to the site, and it does not apply to any third-party websites. the site may contain links to, and advertisements or other content from, third parties. these links are to external resources and third parties that have their own privacy policies. because of the dynamic media capabilities of the site, it may not be clear to you which links are to external, third-party resources. if you click on an embedded third-party link, you will be redirected away from the site to the external third-party website. you can check the url to confirm that you have left this site. we cannot and do not (1) guarantee the adequacy of the privacy or security practices employed by or the content and media provided by any third parties or their websites, (2) control third parties’ independent collection or use or your information, or (3) endorse any third-party information, products, services or websites that may be reached through embedded links on this site. any information provided by you or automatically collected from you by a third party will be governed by that party’s privacy policy and terms of use. if you are unsure whether a website is controlled, affiliated, or managed by us, you should review the privacy policy and practices applicable to each linked website. children’s online privacy protection act the children’s online privacy protection act (“coppa”), as well as other data privacy regulations, restrict the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information from and about children on the internet. our site and services are not directed to children aged 13 or younger, nor is information knowingly collected from children under the age of 13. no one under the age of 13 may access, browse, or use the site or provide any information to or on the site. if you are under 13, please do not use or provide any information on the site (including, for example, your name, telephone number, email address, or username). if we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without a parent’s or legal guardian’s consent, we will take steps to stop collecting that information and delete it. if you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below. for more information about coppa, please visit the federal trade commission’s website at: https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/rules/rulemaking-regulatory-reform-proceedings/childrens-online-privacy-protection-rule. updates and changes to this policy we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this policy to reflect any changes to the way in which we treat your information or in response to changes in law. should this policy change, we will post all changes we make to this policy on this page. if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will place a notice on our platform(s) near the link to this privacy policy and may also send, at our option, a notice to the email address that you have provided. any such changes, updates, or modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting on the site. the date on which this policy was last modified is identified at the beginning of this policy. you are expected to, and you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to, carefully review this policy prior to using the site, and from time to time, so that you are aware of any changes. your continued use of the site after the “last updated” date will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to such changes and to our collection and sharing of your information according to the terms of the then-current policy. if you do not agree with this policy and our practices, do not access, view, or use any part of the site. contact us for more information, or if you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy or wish to exercise your rights, you may contact us using the information below, and we will do our best to assist you. in writing: jtv legal department 9600 parkside drive knoxville, tn 37922 by telephone: (800) 550-8393 for privacy requests: online request portal by telephone: (800) 501-8081 facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube by submitting your email address you agree to receive promotional emails and updates from jtv. you can withdraw your consent at any time. manage email preferences send a little happy to those you love with a jtv gift card. 1-800-581-3002 1-888-526-9588 — call jtv español shop jewelry rings earrings necklaces bracelets watches loose gemstones jewelry making apparel gifts clearance brands artisan of bali™ bella luce® fabulite™ jewel school™ judith ripka moda al massimo® moissanite fire™ park avenue collection southwest style timna collection™ view currently on air jtv live stream channel finder program guide meet our hosts jtv extra all series jewel school™ tv info our story careers events executives blog customer reviews sweepstakes jtv rewards sitemap help customer support my account contact us accessibility order status preferred account privacy policy (updated 7.1.24) returns policy terms & conditions ©2000-  america's collectibles network, inc. all rights reserved. 9600 parkside drive, knoxville, tn 37922 all prices are in usd. your privacy choices | cookie settings chat sorry, our agents are currently helping other guests or are unavailable at this time. please check back later or call 800-550-8393 for jtv’s customer experience service team. back