来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111224150854/http://www.doversaddlery.com/Press/a/69/
================================================================================

press releases | dover saddlery home | free catalog | wishlist | gift cards | dover library | stores checkout view cart: 0 items, $0.00 welcome (create account | login) search money back any time, any reason - 100% satisfaction guaranteed ask our experts800-406-8204call, email, or chat online riding apparel/clothing breeches ladies men's girls & boys winter breeches accessories helmets & vests riding helmets protective vests helmet covers helmet bags helmet accessories gloves show clothing show shirts show coats stock ties & pins hair nets & bows polos & casual clothing outerwear winter jackets rain gear vests fleeces & layers lightweight barn jackets hats & scarves socks & support socks underwear bras supports spurs & accessories spurs spur straps belts bags watches & event timers stock ties & pins bracelets other accessories riding boots/chaps paddock boots ladies girls & boys men's full/half chaps half chaps full chaps tall boots winter boots winter tall boots winter paddock boots wellies & muck boots shoes & clogs socks boot accessories spurs boot bags boot polish boot pulls, jacks & trees boot dryers, cleaners & rubbers horse tack saddles & girths saddles girths girth accessories saddle accessories saddle covers & bags saddle pads horse boots & wraps horse boots leg wraps bits horse bits bit accessories bridles & parts bridles reins browbands nosebands bridle parts & accessories bridle bags martingales & breastplates halters & leads halters leads halter accessories cribbing & muzzles stirrup irons & leathers stirrup irons stirrup leathers stirrup accessories training martingales & breastplates whips & crops lungeing equipment surcingles & surcingle systems draw reins & side reins ear plugs studs spurs cavesons horse blankets turnouts turnout blankets turnout sheets neck covers stable blankets/sheets stable blankets stable sheets neck covers fly control fly sheets fly masks leg guards coolers/anti-sweats coolers anti-sweat sheets scrims dress sheets exercise rugs ringside rain sheets underlayers dog blankets/collars dog blankets collars & leashes blanket accessories horse care grooming brushes hoof picks sweat scrapers sponges vacuums grooming totes other grooming supplies clippers clippers clipper blades clipper accessories supplements & treats supplements horse treats salt horsepharm hair & hoof care coat care mane & tail care hoof care sheath cleaners braiding & tails wormers fly control fly repellents spot-on fly traps other fly control fly predators fly sheets fly masks leg guards first aid & liniments first aid supplies bandages liniments poultices twitches magnetic & cold therapy horsepharm stable supplies tack trunks tack trunks trunk covers jumps & arena equipment jumps dressage arenas mounting blocks & metric wheels cavallettis & block systems tack racks & hardware saddle racks & stands bridle racks & bags stable hardware hay bags, nets & racks blanket bags & bars bandage racks & storage horse toys & treats horse toys horse treats feeding & watering buckets hay bags, nets & racks salt licks & holders feed measures & charts weight management trailering trailer covers trailer ties trailer accessories us rider stall supplies stall guards & gates pitch forks mats, fans & quitkick carts cribbing & muzzles stall plates & barn signs stall drapes salt licks & holders deodorizers & disinfectants cross ties blanket bags & bars bandage racks & storage gifts gifts for dogs for horses for riders nameplates breyer horses gift cards on sale riding apparel riding boots & chaps horse tack horse clothing horse supplies stable supplies gifts closeouts riding apparel riding boots & chaps horse tack horse clothing horse supplies stable supplies gifts press releases dover saddlery delivers the latest european equestrian fashions april 20, 2011, littleton, ma - fresh from the 1972 olympics in germany, jim and david powers, members of the uset three-day event team, developed a vision to source a wide array of equestrian products from around the world. the brothers’ time in europe spent training and competing sparked the idea that american riders would appreciate a broader selection of tack and apparel not readily available to them at the time. morethe powers began to search for the best and most innovative products, and to lay the groundwork for developing their own products when existing ones didn’t meet their needs. dover saddlery was subsequently founded in 1975, and buyers there have since continued the powers’ mission of sourcing products from around the world for its ever-expanding catalog and number of retail stores. dover’s buyers have continually looked to europe, long known not only for its rich history in the equestrian arts but for its deep contributions to the world of high fashion—france for setting trends and italy for producing stylish and impeccably sewn garments. england also has its own solid reputation for rugged sportswear that stands up to the british countryside with style. so it is no surprise that dover saddlery’s latest discoveries in the world of equestrian apparel come from italy in the form of animo clothing and from france with samshield helmets. soon, these new product lines that epitomize european style and flair will be delivered to discerning, fashion-forward american riders. the beloved joules line is revisited this year as well with luxurious new fabrics in a regal color palette. animo designed with the well-known italian flair for fashion and created in athletically-inspired technological fabrics, the innovative and youthful amino equestrian clothing appeals to the most trend-setting yet competitive riders. each garment is stitched according to the long-held tradition of italian tailors: flawless workmanship standards. seams are hidden, and cuffs and hems are finished smoothly. yet while fashion and workmanship are of utmost importance, so is the company’s mission to create smartly designed clothing that improves athletic results. founded five years ago by not only an avid rider but a fashion designer, animo’s collection of equestrian clothing features the latest generation of technical fabrics available to fashion designers today. lightweight and luxurious in the hand, the fabrics support the company’s goal to improve athleticism and comfort by providing serious benefits to the rider. they have extraordinary elasticity that leaves the body free for any movement, and the composition of the fabrics help to maintain a constant body temperature—a great advantage to athletes competing for many hours of the day. and all of the textiles are designed for easy care to accommodate the lifestyle of the busy competitor. as for style, the founding animo designer used traditional designs as the starting point for enhancing the apparel with exquisite and thoughtful details that bring new flair to the equestrian fashions. jackets are constructed to ensure a slimming silhouette that flatters the figure. breeches meld athleticism with creative problem solving with a unique seam design that contours around the knee for a more comfortable yet attractive fit. samshield developed in france, samshield helmets combine aesthetics and style with rider protection and comfort. the company extensively interviewed both professional and amateur riders of various ages to identify their unanimous concerns. it then brought together a designer’s creativity for fashion-forward sensibility with an engineer’s vision to use state-of-the-art technical materials for rider protection. samshield helmets are engineered for comfort with discreet air flow channels that increase ventilation as air enters the helmet through hidden vents in the front and exits in the back. a unique interior design eliminates pressure on the forehead, while memory foam inserts and a leather-covered memory foam harness provide comfortable security and stability. a durable, lightweight polycarbonate outer shell is paired with an expanded polystyrene inner core that absorbs, controls and defuses shock on impact. to maintain its attractive appearance, the outer surface of the helmet is made of alcantara, a luxurious yet durable fabric that is fade and stain resistant. samshield’s silhouette is low-profile and sleek to be flattering to the rider’s face. from the basic collection, riders can choose from four combinations—three are black and one is navy—with various style elements such as leather and chrome. the custom collection allows riders to express their creativity and personal style by customizing aspects of the helmet: shell color, top strip, trim and swarovski crystal accents, blazon color and personalization. joules approximately ten years ago, tom joules introduced country styles to fashion when he focused his design sense on turning practical, rural sportswear into a line of stylish, contemporary garments. his results have gained an almost cult-like appreciation with active, equestrian women who challenge themselves to live fully in the saddle and out. joules’s garment designs feature bold motifs that erase the staid look of traditional sportswear through exquisite embellishments. details such as piping, appliqués, draw cords, colorful buttons on plackets and embroidered patches grace every garment in the line. joules also exchanged the boxy cuts of classic sportswear with a more feminine cut to provide a flattering fit. and to keep the ever-evolving collection upbeat and fresh—and always bearing that cherished feeling of british eccentricity—the company retains young fashion designers. the 2011 collection is a fun and contemporary set of polo shirts, tees, sweatshirts and vests that can be worn alone or layered. and it includes fashion for the feet. joules hardworking wellies and ankle-high wellibobs make the most practical element of an outdoor ensemble—waterproof footwear—whimsical and fun to wear with unique patterns and pretty color combinations. so when you want trend-setting equestrian styles, visit dover saddlery for the latest european fashions. call for a free catalog at 1-800-989-1500 or visit www.doversaddlery.com for a retail store listing and to shop online. dover saddlery launches new mobile shopping site february 24, 2011, littleton, ma – dover saddlery, the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the us, is proud to announce the launch of its new mobile commerce site. the site can be accessed from any mobile device and offers the ideal solution for on-the-go equestrians. through the mobile site customers can access the full online selection of products from dover saddlery and a secure checkout process. more"our customers are active people – in the stable and the field; or at horse shows,” said president and ceo stephen day. "with our new mobile site we can serve our customers whenever and wherever they have a need.” dover saddlery selected unbound commerce for their mobile site because of their extensive experience in developing mobile sites for retailers. "unbound made it easy and cost-effective,” said jason loy director of e-commerce "we found unbound’s solution to be the most effective way to leverage the e-commerce assets we have to deliver the mobile customer experience we want.” customers who visit doversaddlery.com on their smartphone will automatically be routed to the new mobile site. dover saddlery congratulates 2009 usdf/dover medal champions littleton, ma – january 31, 2010 – dover saddlery would like to congratulate the 2009 dover saddlery adult amateur medal national and reserve champions. the usdf/dover adult medal program recognizes the adult amateur riding at second level. the 2009 champion is kelly jo robbins with an average score of 69.923%. robbins partnered with lucca, a ten-year-old oldenburg she has owned for seven years. morethe champion won an ulla salzgeber dressage saddle generously donated by kieffer saddler and a $1,000 dover saddlery gift certificate. the ulla salzgeber saddle features an extra deep seat and kieffer’s signature excellent tree which provides close contact and a responsive feel. robbins has been riding on and off since the age of seven including time spent as a united states pony club member. when not at the barn, she spends time with her husband and two boys ages six and eleven. despite spending four years on crutches, kelly jo continued riding and has obviously overcome much to become this year’s national champion. 2009 was a competitive year in the dover medal program and kelly jo topped a record number of thirty-seven dover medal national merit award winners. the 2009 reserve champion title was awarded to dixie montgomery riding wester with an average score of 68.295%. . wester is a six year old dutch warmblood imported from holland. montgomery has won a warendorf deluxe dressage bridle due out in the spring. when not in the saddle, one can find montgomery volunteering with a non-profit organization called hope in haiti where she sponsors education for children and leads three teams a year to assist schools. like robbins, montgomery has overcome much in her life having raised and homeschooled seventeen children and feels “after my husband died…wester has been such a delight”. about the usdf/dover saddlery adult medal program the top two riders are determined by taking the average of their top three scores from second level test three wins in an usdf/dover adult medal class during the competition year. dover medal classes were offered at 490 usdf recognized shows in 2009. each usdf/dover adult amateur medal class winner receives a handcrafted pewter usdf/dover medal and neck ribbon at the horse show along with a dover saddlery gift certificate. for more information about the united states dressage federation/dover saddlery adult medal class or to learn more about hosting a class, please click here. dover saddlery opens feed and stable store in new hampshirelittleton, ma -- september 25, 2009 dover saddlery inc., (nasdaq:dovr) the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products, is pleased to announce it has opened a new dover saddlery feed and stable store, in plaistow, new hampshire. morethe new dover feed and stable store, adjacent to the flagship tack store in plaistow opened in early september and offers nutrena, pennfield, and barn bag feed as well as lucerne farm hay, elite equine shavings, supplements and stable equipment. stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery, commented, “we are extremely pleased to be able to offer our customers in the plaistow area the convenience of being able to shop for premium quality tack, feed and stable supplies, all at the same location.” the new dover saddlery feed and stable store is located at 16a atkinson road, plaistow, nh 03865. hours and directions are available at www.doversaddlery.com/feedandstable. dover saddlery welcomes new store manager to crofton storelittleton, ma--august 10, 2009 - dover saddlery is pleased to welcome david m. atkinson as the new manager of the dover saddlery store in crofton, maryland. moreatkinson is an accomplished horseman who started riding at a very early age and has competed in many hunter/jumper classes. more recently he has taken up eventing and has just completed his first event with his eighteen-old warmblood, finnigan. atkinson has owned a successful hunter/jumper barn and has worked for several luxury retailers. his experience enables him to provide the high standard of customer service expected of a dover saddlery store. atkinson and his staff look forward to welcoming you at the crofton retail store, located at 1041 route 3 north, gambrills, in maryland. for assistance, hours and directions call 410-451-2174 or email crofton@doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces grand opening in north kingstown, rhode islandlittleton, ma--january 6, 2009, dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), will celebrate the grand opening of its new store in north kingstown, rhode island, during the weekend of february 13-15, 2009. celebrations will begin with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9 a.m. on friday, february 13, attended by olympic show jumper peter wylde. moreequestrians will discover a sparkling new store beautifully merchandized and brimming with the finest brands of riding apparel, tack and horse care supplies. there will be grand opening specials throughout the store and a free drawing to win a $500 dover saddlery shopping spree. riders can be measured for custom boots and coats or arrange to take home a new saddle for a test ride. representatives from leading equestrian brands, including ariat, charles owen, der dau, henri de rivel, ssg gloves, tad coffin, tuff rider, as well as dover saddlery product advisors, will be on hand to answer questions and provide advice. store hours during the grand opening weekend are 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. on friday and saturday and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on sunday. the store is located in the stop and shop plaza at 1340 ten rod road, north kingstown. for directions please visit www.doversaddlery.com/northkingstown. dover saddlery announces schockemohle sports linelittleton, ma –december 4, 2008 dover saddlery, inc. is proud to announce that it has been selected as the exclusive catalog source for schockemohle sports products in the united states. the schockemohle name is synonymous with equestrian sports in germany – known for success in dressage, show-jumping, horse breeding and the product development arena. this new premium quality line exudes elegance and style and enormous attention to detail, as expected from the schockemohle house. morethe schockemohle sports line includes the sophisticated stockholm dressage bridle and the malmo p double bridle (both with browbands adorned with swarovski crystals and well padded crown and nosebands. the premium saddle pad, with moisture wicking layer, has a luxurious finish - the anthracite and orange combination with double piping is particularly eye-catching. the dress sheet in caffe latte/dark brown and champagne, as the colors suggest, is one of the most elegant dress sheets available – and in a fabric that will keep its quality for years. the schockemohle sports line is available from dover saddlery (www.doversaddlery.com) through mail order, online at doversaddlery.com and in select retail stores. to order a free dover saddlery catalog call 1-800-989-1500 or visit doversaddlery.com. stackhouse saddles now available from dover saddlerylittleton, ma, december 1st, 2008, dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr), dover saddlery is proud to offer individually hand-crafted dressage and jumping saddles from the highly esteemed stackhouse brand. moreperfectly balanced, stackhouse saddles enable a rider to maintain the correct position in the saddle, whether performing a dressage test or jumping cross-country or stadium fences. “ my stackhouse saddle makes staying centered over the fences easy, i could not recommend it more highly.” says denny emerson, international eventer. stackhouse saddles are individually crafted using the finest beechwood spring trees and full grain leather from buffalo and french calf hides. these saddles made with meticulous attention to detail never need restuffing, and will last for years. dover saddlery is offering the karin o’connor and david o’connor dressage saddles, the stackhouse dl jumping saddle as well as semicustom and fully custom options. to order a stackhouse saddle for a test ride call 1 -800 9891500, visit doversaddlery.com or your local dover saddlery retail store. dover saddlery celebrates successful grand opening in alpharetta, georgia littleton, ma –october 13, 2008 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), is pleased to announce the very successful grand opening of its new store in alpharetta, georgia, this past weekend. more the festivities began thursday evening with a vip reception that welcomed more guests than at any previous grand opening reception. beezie madden, olympic gold medalist was the guest speaker and the line to receive an autographed poster was almost out the door! during the grand opening weekend customers had the opportunity to meet with manufacturers’ representatives, learn about new products, receive free samples and giveaways and enter to win a $500 dover saddlery shopping spree. stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery, commented, “it was clear to me that equestrians who live in the atlanta area, are delighted that they can now shop in a dover store. store sales were extremely strong throughout the weekend, with several customers returning everyday! the grand opening was a great success especially considering the current retailing climate. in fact the sales for the weekend were at an all-time record for this store category.” the dover saddlery store in alpharetta offers a very wide selection of fine equestrian products from all the leading brands. in addition, customers can be measured for custom boots and coats and can order personalized and monogrammed horse clothing. dover offers its 100% customer satisfaction guarantee on all items sold in the store – just as for all items sold by mail order or online. dover saddlery announces grand opening of first new jersey store littleton, ma – january 31st, 2008 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), announced today the grand opening of its new store in branchburg, new jersey to be held during the weekend of may 16-18, 2008. morethe new dover store will offer the finest array of quality english riding apparel and tack, beautifully merchandised over 12,000 square feet, with additional services such as custom coat and boot fittings and a saddle test ride program. “we pride ourselves on having the broadest selection and best in-stock position in the industry as well as the highest level of customer service, and we are looking forward to offering equestrians in new jersey and the new york metropolitan area a new standard in equestrian retailing,” said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. during the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. dover saddlery announces grand opening of dallas store littleton, ma – august 7, 2007- dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr), announced today that the grand opening of its new dallas store will take place september 14-16. equestrians are invited to join in the grand opening celebration starting with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9a.m. on friday, september 14. moreduring the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. all the leading brands will be represented, including ariat, bates, charles owen, devon-aire, equine couture, essex, goode rider, gpa, grand prix, henri de rivel, hermes, herm sprenger, hug, jaguar, joules, mikmar, mountain horse, passier, pessoa, pikeur, rambo, rhino, stubben, tad coffin, taka and tailored sportsman and tuffrider. "many manufacturers will be attending the grand opening weekend," said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. "they will be available to discuss their products and provide advice to our customers. we look forward to bringing our unique combination of brand name merchandise, selection and premium customer service to equestrians in the dallas area.” the new dover saddlery store is located at 7529 campbell road in north dallas. following the grand opening in dallas, dover saddlery will have a total of nine retail stores. dover saddlery announces opening of new retail store littleton, ma –march 8, 2007 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr), announced today that the grand opening of its new charlottesville, virginia store will take place april 13-15. equestrians are invited to join in the grand opening celebration starting with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9am on friday, april 13. moreduring the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. all the leading brands will be represented, including ariat, bates, charles owen, essex, gpa, grand prix, hdr, hermes, herm sprenger, hug, jaguar, joules, mikmar, mountain horse, passier, pessoa, pikeur, rambo, rhino, stubben, tad coffin, taka and tailored sportsman. “we believe that previous dominion saddlery store customers in the charlottesville area will be delighted with the new look of the store and the expanded selection of equestrian merchandise we will be offering” said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. “we are also pleased to be able to offer our dover saddlery mail order customers the opportunity to shop in a local dover saddlery retail store.” following the grand openings in chantilly and lexington, charlottesville is the third dover saddlery store to be opened in virginia. the store is currently open, during remodeling and refurbishing in preparation for the grand opening. dover saddlery ecommerce site named top 50 by internet retailer littleton, ma –december 18, 2006 –dover saddlery inc., (nasdaq: dovr) announced today that its web site has been named as one of the top 50 retail web sites by internet retailer magazine. more“what the top 50 retail web sites have in common is a willingness to innovate and set the standards for what the rest of the industry should be doing,” says kurt t. peters, editor in chief of internet retailer. the web site now offers the possibility to shop by riding style as well as by product category, keyword or catalog item number. customers who are browsing online can have product questions answered via live chat, click to call or e-mail to a product advisor within the dover saddlery customer service center. in addition, equestrians can now create a personal wish list within the new wishlist registry and easily share the items they are interested in with others. “e-commerce has been a focus of dover saddlery for the last five years and we are very pleased to have our web site recognized as one of the top 50,” said stephen l. day president and ceo of dover saddlery. “our customers are increasingly using our website to shop and we strive to offer the very best online shopping experience for equestrians.” the e-commerce platform and web hosting for doversaddlery.com is provided by dminsite, which specializes in providing e-commerce services to mail order companies. “the m6 platform from dminsite is extremely flexible and effective in allowing us to initiate marketing programs,” says jeannine moore, director of e-commerce at dover saddlery. dover saddlery announces grand opening of chantilly, va store littleton, ma –december 13, 2006 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr), announced today that the grand opening of its new chantilly virginia store will take place february 2-4. equestrians are invited to join in the grand opening celebration starting with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9am on friday, february 2. moreduring the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. all the leading brands will be represented, including ariat, bates, charles owen, essex, gpa, grand prix, hdr, hermes, herm sprenger, hug, jaguar, joules, mikmar, mountain horse, passier, pessoa, pikeur, rambo, rhino, stubben, tad coffin, taka and tailored sportsman the store, at the site of a former dominion saddlery store, has been completely remodeled and refurbished to accommodate an extensive dover saddlery selection of fine english tack, riding apparel and horse care supplies. “we are looking forward to opening our first store in virginia,” said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. “we believe that previous dominion saddlery store customers as well as dover saddlery mail order customers in the chantilly area will be delighted with the new store and the equestrian retailing experience we will be offering.” dover saddlery announces grand opening of crofton, md store littleton, ma –november 8, 2006 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of dover saddlery ( nasdaq: dovr), announced today that the grand opening of its new crofton, maryland store will take place december 1-3. equestrians are invited to join in the grand opening celebration starting with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9am on friday, december 1. morethe crofton store situated on route 3, is easily reached from baltimore, annapolis or washington. the store, at the site of a former dominion saddlery store, has been expanded by 50 per cent and completely remodeled and refurbished to accommodate an extensive dover saddlery selection of english tack, apparel and horse care supplies. “after the recent opening of our first store north of baltimore in the hunt valley, we now look forward to serving customers in the area south of baltimore,” said stephen l day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. “we trust that previous dominion saddlery store customers will be delighted with the new and much larger store.” during the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. all the leading brands will be represented, including ariat, bates, charles owen, gpa, grand prix, hermes, herm springer, jaguar, joules, mountain horse, passier, pessoa, pikeur, prestige, rambo, tad coffin, tailored sportsman, and weatherbeeta. customers attending the ribbon-cutting ceremony will be treated to an appearance of a knight and maid of honor from the maryland jousting association, appropriate as the state sport of maryland is jousting. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is the largest direct marketer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery. for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 x218. internet retailer magazine launched in early 1999, internet retailer's goal has been to cover the internet retailing revolution as no other publisher does. year after year they have enhanced their leadership position as the information authority on the application of the internet to all segments of retailing. internet retailer has the largest-circulation magazine and e-mail newsletters in the retailing industry-and the only ones serving a multi-channel market that includes major distribution to retail chains, catalogers and other direct merchants, web-only retailers and branded manufacturers which use the web to merchandise directly to consumers. for more information on internet retailer magazine please visit www.internetretailer.com. contact dover 800-406-8204 live chat email fax: 978-952-6633 help shopping at dover dover visa card gift cards retail stores return policy shipping information shop by brand test ride a saddle about dover about dover saddlery dover employees employment investor relations (dovr) press releases privacy policy services equine rescue password recovery monogramming request a catalog equestrian roadside assistance satisfaction guarantee sponsorship sponsorship-usdf/dover medal sponsorship-ushja hunter derby stay connected sign up for our email: get the latest information on special offers, sales, events and more. © 2012 dover saddlery, inc., all rights reserved p.o. box 1100 • littleton, ma 01460 not responsible for typographical errors. prices subject to change without notice. powered by kaliocommerce™