来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231062747/http://www.doversaddlery.com/Press/a/69/
================================================================================

press releases | dover saddlery home | free catalog | online catalog | wishlist | gift cards | library | stores | blog checkout view cart: 0 items, $0.00 welcome (create account | login) search search money back any time, any reason - 100% satisfaction guaranteed ask our experts800-406-8204call, email, or chat online riding apparel & clothing breeches ladies breeches men's breeches girls & boys winter breeches accessories helmets, hats & vests riding helmets protective vests non-certified hunt caps & top hats helmet bags, covers & accessories gloves show clothing show shirts show coats stock ties & pins hair nets, bows & accessories polos & casual clothing outerwear jackets & winter coats rain gear vests, fleeces & layering hats & scarves socks & support socks underwear riding bras supports spurs & accessories spurs spur straps belts boot bags bags eventing supplies stock ties & pins bracelets helmet bags, covers & accessories hair nets, bows & accessories other accessories riding boots and chaps paddock boots ladies' paddock boots girls & boys paddock boots men's paddock boots full/half chaps half chaps full chaps tall boots winter boots winter tall boots winter paddock boots wellies & muck boots shoes & clogs socks boot accessories spurs boot bags boot polish boot pulls, jacks & trees other boot accessories horse tack saddles english saddles saddle accessories saddle covers & bags leather care saddle pads boots & wraps horse boots leg wraps shipping boots hoof & hock boots bits & accessories horse bits bit accessories bridles & parts bridles reins browbands nosebands bit accessories bridle parts & accessories bridle bags martingales & breastplates leather care halters & leads halters leads halter accessories cribbing & muzzles shipping halters, fuzzies & bumpers leather care stirrup irons, leathers & girths stirrup irons stirrup leathers stirrup accessories girths girth accessories leather care training martingales & breastplates whips & crops lunge whips lunging equipment ear plugs studs spurs books and dvds horse blankets turnouts turnout blankets turnout sheets neck covers stable blankets/sheets stable blankets stable sheets neck covers fly sheets/masks fly sheets fly masks leg guards fly control inventory reduction sale coolers/anti-sweats coolers anti-sweat sheets scrims dress sheets exercise rugs ringside rain sheets underlayers dog blankets/collars dog blankets collars & leashes horse blanket accessories horse care grooming brushes hoof picks sweat scrapers sponges vacuums grooming totes other grooming supplies clippers clippers clipper blades clipper accessories supplements & treats horse supplements salt licks & holders horse treats vaccines hair & hoof care coat, mane & tail care hoof care sheath cleaners braiding & tails hoof picks hoof & hock boots horse wormers fly control fly repellents spot-on fly traps other fly control fly predators fly sheets fly masks leg guards fly control inventory reduction sale first aid & liniments first aid supplies bandages horse liniments poultices twitches therapy leg wraps hoof & hock boots vaccines vaccines stable supplies tack trunks tack trunks trunk covers jumps & arena equipment jumps dressage arenas mounting blocks & metric wheels tack racks & hardware saddle racks & stands bridle racks & bags stable hardware hay bags, nets & racks blanket bags & bars bandage racks & storage horse toys & treats horse toys horse treats feeding & watering buckets hay bags, nets & racks salt licks & holders feed measures & charts weight management trailering trailer covers trailer ties trailer accessories shipping halters, fuzzies & bumpers shipping boots stall supplies stall guards & stall gates pitch forks mats, fans & quitkick carts cribbing & muzzles stall plates & barn signs stall drapes salt licks & holders deodorizers & disinfectants cross ties blanket bags & bars bandage racks & storage gifts breyer horses gift cards books and dvds nameplates gifts on sale riding apparel breeches helmets, vests, gloves & accessories show clothing polos & casual clothing outerwear riding boots & chaps wellies & muck boots shoes & clogs boot accessories paddock boots full/half chaps tall boots winter boots horse tack saddles & girths saddle pads horse boots & wraps bits bridles & parts halters & leads stirrup irons & leathers training horse clothing turnout blankets & sheets stable blankets & sheets fly sheets & masks coolers & anti-sweat sheets underlayers dog blankets & collars blanket care & accessories horse supplies grooming clippers supplements & treats hair & hoof care wormers fly control first aid & liniments stable supplies tack racks & hardware horse toys & treats feeding & watering trailering stall supplies jumps & areana equipment gifts closeouts riding apparel breeches helmets, vests, gloves & accessories show clothing polos & casual clothing outerwear riding boots & chaps wellies & muck boots shoes & clogs boot accessories paddock boots full/half chaps tall boots winter boots horse tack saddles & girths saddle pads horse boots & wraps bits bridles & parts halters & leads stirrup irons & leathers training horse clothing turnout blankets & sheets stable blankets & sheets fly sheets & masks coolers & anti-sweat sheets underlayers dog blankets & collars blanket care & accessories horse supplies grooming clippers supplements & treats hair & hoof care fly control first aid & liniments stable supplies trunks, jumps & arena equipment jumps & arena equipment - closeout tack racks & hardware horse toys & treats feeding & watering trailering stall supplies gifts riding apparel & clothing breeches helmets, hats & vests riding gloves show clothing casual clothing outerwear socks & support spurs & accessories bags belts boot bags bracelets bras breeches - accessories breeches - children's breeches - ladies breeches - men's breeches - winter casual clothing eventing supplies hair nets, bows, & accessories hats non-certified show hats & scarves riding helmets helmet covers, bags & accessories jackets & winter coats other accessories protective vests rain gear riding gloves show accessories show bows show coats show shirts socks stock ties & pins vests, fleeces, & layering spurs spur straps supports underwear all riding apparel & clothing » riding boots & chaps paddock boots chaps tall boots winter boots wellies & muck boots shoes & clogs socks boot accessories boot bags boot cleaners boot dryers boot jacks boot polish boot pulls boot rubbers boot trees clogs & shoes full chaps half chaps muck boots paddock boots - children paddock boots - ladies paddock boots - men paddock boots - winter shoes & clogs socks spurs tall boots tall boots - winter wellies all riding boots & chaps » horse tack saddles saddle pads horse boots & wraps bits bridles & parts halters & leads stirrup irons, leathers & girths training bits bit accessories books and dvds breastplates & martingales bridles bridle bags bridle parts & accessories browbands cribbing & muzzles crops & whips dvds and books ear plugs english saddles girths girth accessories halters halter accessories hoof & hock boots horse bits horse boots leads leather care leg wraps lungeing equipment lunge whips martingales & breastplates nosebands reins saddles saddle accessories saddle covers & bags saddle pads shipping boots shipping halters, fuzzies & bumpers stirrup accessories stirrup irons stirrup leathers spurs studs whips & crops all horse tack » horse blankets turnouts stable blankets/sheets fly sheets/masks coolers/anti-sweats underlayers dog blankets/collars horse blanket accessories anti-sweat sheets blanket accessories coolers dog blankets dog collars & leashes dress sheets exercise rugs fly control inventory sale fly leg guards fly masks fly sheets neck covers ringside rain sheets scrims stable blankets stable sheets turnout blankets turnout sheets underlayers all horse blankets » horse care grooming clippers supplements & treats hair & hoof care horse wormers fly control first aid & liniments vaccines bandages braiding & tails brushes clippers clipper accessories clipper blades coat, mane & tail care dewormers first aid supplies fly control inventory sale fly leg guards fly masks fly predators fly repellents fly sheets fly spot-on fly traps fly control - other grooming totes grooming supplies - other hoof care hoof & hock boots hoof picks horsepharm horse supplements horse wormers horse treats leg wraps liniments meds & vaccines poultices salt sheath cleaners sponges supplements sweat scrapers therapy treats twitches vacuums wormers all horse care » stable supplies tack trunks jumps & arena equipment tack racks & hardware horse toys & treats feeding & watering trailering stall supplies bandage racks & storage barn signs & stall plates blanket bags & bars bridle racks & bags buckets carts cribbing & muzzles cross ties deodorizers & disinfectants dressage arenas feed measures & charts hay bags, nets & racks horse toys horse treats jumps mats, fans & quitkick metric wheels & mounting blocks mounting blocks & metric wheels pitch forks saddle racks & stands salt salt licks & holders shipping halters, fuzzies & bumpers shipping boots stable hardware stall drapes stall guards stall gates stall plates & barn signs tack trunks toys for horses trailer covers trailer ties trailer accessories trunk covers weight management all stable supplies » gifts breyer horses gift cards books and dvds nameplates gifts $50 & under $50 - $100 $100 - $200 dover saddlery gift cards all gifts » on sale riding apparel riding boots & chaps horse tack horse clothing horse supplies stable supplies gifts bits blanket care & accessories boot accessories breeches bridles & parts clippers coolers & anti-sweat sheets dog blankets & collars feeding & watering first aid & liniments fly control fly sheets & masks full/half chaps grooming hair & hoof care halters & leads helmets, vests, gloves & accessories horse boots & wraps horse toys & treats jumps & areana equipment outerwear paddock boots polos & casual clothing saddles & girths saddle pads shoes & clogs show clothing stable blankets & sheets stirrup irons & leathers stall supplies supplements & treats tack racks & hardware tall boots trailering training turnout blankets & sheets underlayers wellies & muck boots winter boots wormers all sales » closeouts riding apparel riding boots & chaps horse tack horse clothing horse supplies stable supplies gifts bits blanket care & accesories boot accessories breeches bridles & parts clippers coolers & anti-sweat sheets dog blankets & collars feeding & watering first aid & liniments fly control fly sheets & masks full/half chaps grooming hair & hoof care halters & leads helmets, vests, gloves & accessories horse boots & wraps horse toys & treats jumps & areana equipment outerwear paddock boots polos & casual clothing saddles & girths saddle pads shoes & clogs show clothing stable blankets & sheets stall supplies stirrup irons & leathers supplements & treats tack racks & hardware tall boots trailering training trunks turnout blankets & sheets underlayers wellies & muck boots winter boots all closeouts » ` press releases dover saddlery announces new store opening in pittsburgh, pennsylvania littleton, ma - october 1, 2014 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr) today announced that it will be opening a dover saddlery retail store in pittsburgh, pennsylvania later this fall. more customers will be treated to a sparkling new store beautifully merchandised with tack, apparel and horse care items, as well the outstanding customer service for which dover saddlery is renowned. during the grand opening weekend equestrians will be able to meet representatives from many of the leading vendors as well shop grand opening specials throughout the store and enter to win a $500 dover saddlery shopping spree. “we look forward to opening our second store in pennsylvania and meeting our customers in pittsburgh and the surrounding area” said janet nittmann, senior director of corporate communications at dover saddlery. “we will shortly be announcing further details of this grand opening on the dover saddlery website”. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces new store opening in wellington, florida littleton, ma - september 9, 2014 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr) today announced that it will be opening a dover saddlery retail store in wellington, florida this fall. more the new dover saddlery store will offer the finest selection of english riding apparel, tack and horse care supplies from all the leading equestrian brands. items for the hunter, jumper, or dressage rider will be beautifully merchandised throughout the store. this location, as all dover saddlery stores, will offer convenient in-store boot, helmet and coat fittings, as well as demo saddles for test rides. “we look forward to opening our second store in florida,” said stephen l. day president and ceo of dover saddlery. “we have looked very carefully for the ideal location in wellington and are very pleased with the results of our search. this very large store is ideally located to suit the needs of the competitive rider who is based in wellington either for the winter season or all year round”. details of the grand opening, hours and directions will be announced on the dover saddlery website at doversaddlery.com. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces new store opening in austin, texas littleton, ma – september 11, 2013 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), today announced plans to open a dover saddlery store in austin, texas in the fall. more equestrians will find a beautifully merchandised tack store brimming with saddles, tack and riding apparel from all the leading brands. riders from beginners to olympians can experience the renowned dover saddlery customer service which includes in-store boot, helmet and show coat fittings. dover saddlery product advisors, all equestrians themselves, will be on hand to assist with selecting the ideal product for the hunter/jumper arena, dressage ring or cross-country course. “as we continue our retail expansion we are thrilled to be opening a dover saddlery tack store in the state capital,” said janet nittmann, senior director of corporate communications at dover saddlery. “we look forward to meeting riders from all english riding disciplines at our grand opening, and to becoming part of the austin equestrian community.” details of the grand opening, hours and directions will be announced on the dover saddlery website at doversaddlery.com. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces new store opening in winter park, florida littleton, ma – september 6, 2013 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), today announced plans to open the first dover saddlery retail store in florida in mid-october. morelocated in winter park, just north of orlando, the new dover saddlery store will offer the finest selection of tack, riding apparel and horse care supplies for all english riding disciplines. customers will discover a sparkling new tack store brimming with the leading equestrian brands as well as in-store services such as saddle demo program and custom boot and coat fittings. “we are excited to open our first store in florida and join the equestrian community of winter park and the surrounding areas,” said ken cavanaugh, director of retail at dover saddlery. “i am looking forward to working with a knowledgeable staff of equestrians to provide first-class customer service for which dover saddlery is renowned.” details of the grand opening, hours and directions will be announced on the dover saddlery website at doversaddlery.com. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces hiring of james cullen, executive vice president littleton, ma-august 15, 2013 - dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq:dovr - news), the leading multi-channel retailer of equestrian products, today announced the hiring of james cullen to the newly created position of executive vice president. more mr. cullen has over twenty five years of leadership experience in operations, finance and marketing, with particular expertise in the retail and distribution sectors including most recently, among others, bakers footwear inc., and reeds jeweler, inc. “we are very pleased to bring james on board,” said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. “with his wealth of retail experience, james brings yet another positive dynamic to our experienced and talented management team. in addition to his business experience, james is an avid equestrian and i very much look forward to working with him as we continue our retail rollout.” about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces new store opening in charlotte, north carolina littleton, ma - august 8, 2013 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), today announced plans to open a new retail store charlotte, north carolina in early fall. morethe new dover saddlery store will offer the finest selection of english riding apparel, saddles, tack and horse care supplies from all the leading equestrian brands. items for the beginner rider to the olympian will be beautifully merchandised throughout the new store. this location, as all dover saddlery stores, will offer convenient in-store boot, helmet and coat fittings, as well as demo saddles for test rides. all dover saddlery employees are avid equestrians and can help our customers find the right product for their first riding lesson, the show arena or the cross-country course. "we look forward to opening our second store in north carolina," said stephen l. day president and ceo of dover saddlery. "our model shows a need for a second retail store in this very active equestrian area and i look forward to meeting many of our customers at our grand opening." details of the grand opening, hours and directions will be announced on the dover saddlery website at doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery executives will host a conference call at 4:15 pm et today, to discuss the results of the second quarter, 2013. interested parties may access the call by dialing +1-877-712-7037 or may listen to the call live via webcast. to access the webcast please go to http://investor.shareholder.com/dovr/events.cfm and click on the webcast icon. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery continues retail channel expansion littleton, ma –november 1, 2012 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr) continues its’ successful retail channel expansion with store openings in two new states - minnesota and north carolina. moredover saddlery celebrated the grand opening of its first retail store in minnesota during the weekend of september 7-9. the store located, on the aptly named clydesdale trail in medina, held a very successful vip reception on september 6 that preceded the grand opening weekend. both events were attended by dover senior management, vendors and avid equestrians from all disciplines who were delighted that a dover saddlery store is now in their neighborhood. the next dover saddlery store will be opening in raleigh, north carolina during the weekend of november 9-11. customers will find a beautifully merchandised tack store with grand opening specials, prizes and giveaways throughout the store. vendors from the leading brands of riding helmets, horse clothing and riding boots will be on hand to provide advice and answer questions. the research triangle of north carolina is a very active area for equestrian sports and the dover saddlery store will be a welcome addition in an underserved market. “we use our proprietary software model to locate our retail stores; this reduces risk and ensures we are placing stores in optimal locations. with access to the largest equestrian database in the country, with well over two million names, we use this data to its’ full extent to locate stores, determine the appropriate size and forecast future sales, despite a very uncertain economy.” stated stephen l day president and chief executive officer of dover saddlery. including the new store in raleigh, dover saddlery will have a total of eighteen dover saddlery retail stores, in twelve states, offering the best selection of english saddles, bridles, breeches and riding boots for the english equestrian along with the highest level of customer service. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces appointment of new director of merchandising littleton, ma – october 4, 2012,–dover saddlery inc., (nasdaq: dovr), the leading multi-channel retailer of equestrian products in the united states, announced today the appointment of nick carlough as director of merchandising effective immediately. carlough brings over twenty years of merchandising and planning experience acquired at leading multichannel retailers including talbots inc., casual male retail group, lands’ end and banana republic. morestephen l. day, president and chief executive officer, stated, "we welcome nick to dover saddlery and are excited to have him join our team and lead our buying and merchandising group. with his extensive experience, nick will be a great asset as we continue our mission of offering the best selection of equestrian brands from around the world.” "i am excited about the merchandising opportunity at dover saddlery," said nick carlough. "dover has positioned itself as the market leader for quality equestrian products and with the planned expansion of retail operations can further enhance its position in the equestrian specialty market." carlough will manage the buying and merchandising group and will be responsible for developing and implementing the multichannel merchandising strategy. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces new store opening in raleigh, north carolina littleton, ma –july 11, 2012 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of. dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), today announced plans to open a new retail store in raleigh, north carolina in october. morelocated in the heart of the triangle, the new store will be beautifully merchandised with a huge selection of fine english tack, saddles, riding apparel and horse care items. during the grand opening weekend equestrians will be able to meet representatives from all the leading brands and experience the first-class custom customer service for which dover saddlery is renowned. there will be grand opening specials throughout the store and customers will be able to enter to win a $500 dover saddlery shopping spree. "we look forward to serving the equestrian community in north carolina," commented stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. "our mail order customers have been asking us for a long time to open a store in the raleigh-durham area and we are delighted that we are now able to fulfill this request." details of the grand opening, hours and directions will be announced on the dover saddlery website at doversaddlery.com. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces new store opening in medina, minnesota littleton, ma –july 2, 2012 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), today announced plans to open a new retail store in medina, minnesota in september, 2012. morelocated approximately twenty miles west of minneapolis, the new store will offer the finest selection of tack, riding apparel and horse care supplies for which dover is renowned, as well as in-store services such as custom coat fitting and the very popular saddle demo program. "we look forward to serving the very active twin cities equestrian market with the latest styles and leading brands and i personally look forward to meeting our customers during the grand opening weekend." commented stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. "we’ll be offering huge selection of fall and winter riding breeches, coats and boots in our new store with custom boot fitting right next to our very welcoming fireplace!." details of the grand opening, hours and directions will be announced on the dover saddlery website at doversaddlery.com. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is a leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery: for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery sponsors dancing horse challenge at 2012 pvda ride for life littleton, ma – may 23, 2012. dover saddlery inc. (nasdaq:dovr), the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products, is proud to sponsor the dancing horse challenge to be held june 23rd at the prince georges equestrian center in upper marlboro, md. held during the pvda ride for life dressage show, the dancing horse challenge is a moving celebration of life involving an evening of music, entertainment and the opportunity to see talented horse and rider teams perform freestyle programs. the dancing horse challenge is a benefit event that raises funds for research at the johns hopkins avon foundation breast center. moredover saddlery customer service agent corinne ashton and her well-known mount, dobbin will be performing at the dancing horse challenge for the first time this year. "we are delighted to support the dancing horse challenge at the pvda ride for life this year as we have for the past four years," says janet nittmann, director of corporate communications at dover saddlery. "the combination of music, horses, fun and touching moments make for a magical evening." for more information on the pvda ride for life, visit www.pvdarideforlife.org. for more information on dover saddlery, its line of products and store locations, visit doversaddlery.com or call 1-800-989-1500 to request a catalog. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery. for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery delivers the latest european equestrian fashions april 20, 2011, littleton, ma - fresh from the 1972 olympics in germany, jim and david powers, members of the uset three-day event team, developed a vision to source a wide array of equestrian products from around the world. the brothers’ time in europe spent training and competing sparked the idea that american riders would appreciate a broader selection of tack and apparel not readily available to them at the time. morethe powers began to search for the best and most innovative products, and to lay the groundwork for developing their own products when existing ones didn’t meet their needs. dover saddlery was subsequently founded in 1975, and buyers there have since continued the powers’ mission of sourcing products from around the world for its ever-expanding catalog and number of retail stores. dover’s buyers have continually looked to europe, long known not only for its rich history in the equestrian arts but for its deep contributions to the world of high fashion—france for setting trends and italy for producing stylish and impeccably sewn garments. england also has its own solid reputation for rugged sportswear that stands up to the british countryside with style. so it is no surprise that dover saddlery’s latest discoveries in the world of equestrian apparel come from italy in the form of animo clothing and from france with samshield helmets. soon, these new product lines that epitomize european style and flair will be delivered to discerning, fashion-forward american riders. the beloved joules line is revisited this year as well with luxurious new fabrics in a regal color palette. animo designed with the well-known italian flair for fashion and created in athletically-inspired technological fabrics, the innovative and youthful amino equestrian clothing appeals to the most trend-setting yet competitive riders. each garment is stitched according to the long-held tradition of italian tailors: flawless workmanship standards. seams are hidden, and cuffs and hems are finished smoothly. yet while fashion and workmanship are of utmost importance, so is the company’s mission to create smartly designed clothing that improves athletic results. founded five years ago by not only an avid rider but a fashion designer, animo’s collection of equestrian clothing features the latest generation of technical fabrics available to fashion designers today. lightweight and luxurious in the hand, the fabrics support the company’s goal to improve athleticism and comfort by providing serious benefits to the rider. they have extraordinary elasticity that leaves the body free for any movement, and the composition of the fabrics help to maintain a constant body temperature—a great advantage to athletes competing for many hours of the day. and all of the textiles are designed for easy care to accommodate the lifestyle of the busy competitor. as for style, the founding animo designer used traditional designs as the starting point for enhancing the apparel with exquisite and thoughtful details that bring new flair to the equestrian fashions. jackets are constructed to ensure a slimming silhouette that flatters the figure. breeches meld athleticism with creative problem solving with a unique seam design that contours around the knee for a more comfortable yet attractive fit. samshield developed in france, samshield helmets combine aesthetics and style with rider protection and comfort. the company extensively interviewed both professional and amateur riders of various ages to identify their unanimous concerns. it then brought together a designer’s creativity for fashion-forward sensibility with an engineer’s vision to use state-of-the-art technical materials for rider protection. samshield helmets are engineered for comfort with discreet air flow channels that increase ventilation as air enters the helmet through hidden vents in the front and exits in the back. a unique interior design eliminates pressure on the forehead, while memory foam inserts and a leather-covered memory foam harness provide comfortable security and stability. a durable, lightweight polycarbonate outer shell is paired with an expanded polystyrene inner core that absorbs, controls and defuses shock on impact. to maintain its attractive appearance, the outer surface of the helmet is made of alcantara, a luxurious yet durable fabric that is fade and stain resistant. samshield’s silhouette is low-profile and sleek to be flattering to the rider’s face. from the basic collection, riders can choose from four combinations—three are black and one is navy—with various style elements such as leather and chrome. the custom collection allows riders to express their creativity and personal style by customizing aspects of the helmet: shell color, top strip, trim and swarovski crystal accents, blazon color and personalization. joules approximately ten years ago, tom joules introduced country styles to fashion when he focused his design sense on turning practical, rural sportswear into a line of stylish, contemporary garments. his results have gained an almost cult-like appreciation with active, equestrian women who challenge themselves to live fully in the saddle and out. joules’s garment designs feature bold motifs that erase the staid look of traditional sportswear through exquisite embellishments. details such as piping, appliqués, draw cords, colorful buttons on plackets and embroidered patches grace every garment in the line. joules also exchanged the boxy cuts of classic sportswear with a more feminine cut to provide a flattering fit. and to keep the ever-evolving collection upbeat and fresh—and always bearing that cherished feeling of british eccentricity—the company retains young fashion designers. the 2011 collection is a fun and contemporary set of polo shirts, tees, sweatshirts and vests that can be worn alone or layered. and it includes fashion for the feet. joules hardworking wellies and ankle-high wellibobs make the most practical element of an outdoor ensemble—waterproof footwear—whimsical and fun to wear with unique patterns and pretty color combinations. so when you want trend-setting equestrian styles, visit dover saddlery for the latest european fashions. call for a free catalog at 1-800-989-1500 or visit www.doversaddlery.com for a retail store listing and to shop online. dover saddlery launches new mobile shopping site february 24, 2011, littleton, ma – dover saddlery, the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the us, is proud to announce the launch of its new mobile commerce site. the site can be accessed from any mobile device and offers the ideal solution for on-the-go equestrians. through the mobile site customers can access the full online selection of products from dover saddlery and a secure checkout process. more"our customers are active people – in the stable and the field; or at horse shows,” said president and ceo stephen day. "with our new mobile site we can serve our customers whenever and wherever they have a need.” dover saddlery selected unbound commerce for their mobile site because of their extensive experience in developing mobile sites for retailers. "unbound made it easy and cost-effective,” said jason loy director of e-commerce "we found unbound’s solution to be the most effective way to leverage the e-commerce assets we have to deliver the mobile customer experience we want.” customers who visit doversaddlery.com on their smartphone will automatically be routed to the new mobile site. dover saddlery congratulates 2009 usdf/dover medal champions littleton, ma – january 31, 2010 – dover saddlery would like to congratulate the 2009 dover saddlery adult amateur medal national and reserve champions. the usdf/dover adult medal program recognizes the adult amateur riding at second level. the 2009 champion is kelly jo robbins with an average score of 69.923%. robbins partnered with lucca, a ten-year-old oldenburg she has owned for seven years. morethe champion won an ulla salzgeber dressage saddle generously donated by kieffer saddler and a $1,000 dover saddlery gift certificate. the ulla salzgeber saddle features an extra deep seat and kieffer’s signature excellent tree which provides close contact and a responsive feel. robbins has been riding on and off since the age of seven including time spent as a united states pony club member. when not at the barn, she spends time with her husband and two boys ages six and eleven. despite spending four years on crutches, kelly jo continued riding and has obviously overcome much to become this year’s national champion. 2009 was a competitive year in the dover medal program and kelly jo topped a record number of thirty-seven dover medal national merit award winners. the 2009 reserve champion title was awarded to dixie montgomery riding wester with an average score of 68.295%. . wester is a six year old dutch warmblood imported from holland. montgomery has won a warendorf deluxe dressage bridle due out in the spring. when not in the saddle, one can find montgomery volunteering with a non-profit organization called hope in haiti where she sponsors education for children and leads three teams a year to assist schools. like robbins, montgomery has overcome much in her life having raised and homeschooled seventeen children and feels “after my husband died…wester has been such a delight”. about the usdf/dover saddlery adult medal program the top two riders are determined by taking the average of their top three scores from second level test three wins in an usdf/dover adult medal class during the competition year. dover medal classes were offered at 490 usdf recognized shows in 2009. each usdf/dover adult amateur medal class winner receives a handcrafted pewter usdf/dover medal and neck ribbon at the horse show along with a dover saddlery gift certificate. for more information about the united states dressage federation/dover saddlery adult medal class or to learn more about hosting a class, please click here. dover saddlery opens feed and stable store in new hampshirelittleton, ma -- september 25, 2009 dover saddlery inc., (nasdaq:dovr) the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products, is pleased to announce it has opened a new dover saddlery feed and stable store, in plaistow, new hampshire. morethe new dover feed and stable store, adjacent to the flagship tack store in plaistow opened in early september and offers nutrena, pennfield, and barn bag feed as well as lucerne farm hay, elite equine shavings, supplements and stable equipment. stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery, commented, “we are extremely pleased to be able to offer our customers in the plaistow area the convenience of being able to shop for premium quality tack, feed and stable supplies, all at the same location.” the new dover saddlery feed and stable store is located at 16a atkinson road, plaistow, nh 03865. hours and directions are available at www.doversaddlery.com/feedandstable. dover saddlery welcomes new store manager to crofton storelittleton, ma--august 10, 2009 - dover saddlery is pleased to welcome david m. atkinson as the new manager of the dover saddlery store in crofton, maryland. moreatkinson is an accomplished horseman who started riding at a very early age and has competed in many hunter/jumper classes. more recently he has taken up eventing and has just completed his first event with his eighteen-old warmblood, finnigan. atkinson has owned a successful hunter/jumper barn and has worked for several luxury retailers. his experience enables him to provide the high standard of customer service expected of a dover saddlery store. atkinson and his staff look forward to welcoming you at the crofton retail store, located at 1041 route 3 north, gambrills, in maryland. for assistance, hours and directions call 410-451-2174 or email crofton@doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery announces grand opening in north kingstown, rhode islandlittleton, ma--january 6, 2009, dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), will celebrate the grand opening of its new store in north kingstown, rhode island, during the weekend of february 13-15, 2009. celebrations will begin with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9 a.m. on friday, february 13, attended by olympic show jumper peter wylde. moreequestrians will discover a sparkling new store beautifully merchandized and brimming with the finest brands of riding apparel, tack and horse care supplies. there will be grand opening specials throughout the store and a free drawing to win a $500 dover saddlery shopping spree. riders can be measured for custom boots and coats or arrange to take home a new saddle for a test ride. representatives from leading equestrian brands, including ariat, charles owen, der dau, henri de rivel, ssg gloves, tad coffin, tuff rider, as well as dover saddlery product advisors, will be on hand to answer questions and provide advice. store hours during the grand opening weekend are 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. on friday and saturday and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on sunday. the store is located in the stop and shop plaza at 1340 ten rod road, north kingstown. for directions please visit www.doversaddlery.com/northkingstown. dover saddlery announces schockemohle sports linelittleton, ma –december 4, 2008 dover saddlery, inc. is proud to announce that it has been selected as the exclusive catalog source for schockemohle sports products in the united states. the schockemohle name is synonymous with equestrian sports in germany – known for success in dressage, show-jumping, horse breeding and the product development arena. this new premium quality line exudes elegance and style and enormous attention to detail, as expected from the schockemohle house. morethe schockemohle sports line includes the sophisticated stockholm dressage bridle and the malmo p double bridle (both with browbands adorned with swarovski crystals and well padded crown and nosebands. the premium saddle pad, with moisture wicking layer, has a luxurious finish - the anthracite and orange combination with double piping is particularly eye-catching. the dress sheet in caffe latte/dark brown and champagne, as the colors suggest, is one of the most elegant dress sheets available – and in a fabric that will keep its quality for years. the schockemohle sports line is available from dover saddlery (www.doversaddlery.com) through mail order, online at doversaddlery.com and in select retail stores. to order a free dover saddlery catalog call 1-800-989-1500 or visit doversaddlery.com. stackhouse saddles now available from dover saddlerylittleton, ma, december 1st, 2008, dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr), dover saddlery is proud to offer individually hand-crafted dressage and jumping saddles from the highly esteemed stackhouse brand. moreperfectly balanced, stackhouse saddles enable a rider to maintain the correct position in the saddle, whether performing a dressage test or jumping cross-country or stadium fences. “ my stackhouse saddle makes staying centered over the fences easy, i could not recommend it more highly.” says denny emerson, international eventer. stackhouse saddles are individually crafted using the finest beechwood spring trees and full grain leather from buffalo and french calf hides. these saddles made with meticulous attention to detail never need restuffing, and will last for years. dover saddlery is offering the karin o’connor and david o’connor dressage saddles, the stackhouse dl jumping saddle as well as semicustom and fully custom options. to order a stackhouse saddle for a test ride call 1 -800 9891500, visit doversaddlery.com or your local dover saddlery retail store. dover saddlery celebrates successful grand opening in alpharetta, georgia littleton, ma –october 13, 2008 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), is pleased to announce the very successful grand opening of its new store in alpharetta, georgia, this past weekend. more the festivities began thursday evening with a vip reception that welcomed more guests than at any previous grand opening reception. beezie madden, olympic gold medalist was the guest speaker and the line to receive an autographed poster was almost out the door! during the grand opening weekend customers had the opportunity to meet with manufacturers’ representatives, learn about new products, receive free samples and giveaways and enter to win a $500 dover saddlery shopping spree. stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery, commented, “it was clear to me that equestrians who live in the atlanta area, are delighted that they can now shop in a dover store. store sales were extremely strong throughout the weekend, with several customers returning everyday! the grand opening was a great success especially considering the current retailing climate. in fact the sales for the weekend were at an all-time record for this store category.” the dover saddlery store in alpharetta offers a very wide selection of fine equestrian products from all the leading brands. in addition, customers can be measured for custom boots and coats and can order personalized and monogrammed horse clothing. dover offers its 100% customer satisfaction guarantee on all items sold in the store – just as for all items sold by mail order or online. dover saddlery announces grand opening of first new jersey store littleton, ma – january 31st, 2008 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq:dovr), announced today the grand opening of its new store in branchburg, new jersey to be held during the weekend of may 16-18, 2008. morethe new dover store will offer the finest array of quality english riding apparel and tack, beautifully merchandised over 12,000 square feet, with additional services such as custom coat and boot fittings and a saddle test ride program. “we pride ourselves on having the broadest selection and best in-stock position in the industry as well as the highest level of customer service, and we are looking forward to offering equestrians in new jersey and the new york metropolitan area a new standard in equestrian retailing,” said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. during the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. dover saddlery announces grand opening of dallas store littleton, ma – august 7, 2007- dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr), announced today that the grand opening of its new dallas store will take place september 14-16. equestrians are invited to join in the grand opening celebration starting with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9a.m. on friday, september 14. moreduring the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. all the leading brands will be represented, including ariat, bates, charles owen, devon-aire, equine couture, essex, goode rider, gpa, grand prix, henri de rivel, hermes, herm sprenger, hug, jaguar, joules, mikmar, mountain horse, passier, pessoa, pikeur, rambo, rhino, stubben, tad coffin, taka and tailored sportsman and tuffrider. "many manufacturers will be attending the grand opening weekend," said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. "they will be available to discuss their products and provide advice to our customers. we look forward to bringing our unique combination of brand name merchandise, selection and premium customer service to equestrians in the dallas area.” the new dover saddlery store is located at 7529 campbell road in north dallas. following the grand opening in dallas, dover saddlery will have a total of nine retail stores. dover saddlery announces opening of new retail store littleton, ma –march 8, 2007 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr), announced today that the grand opening of its new charlottesville, virginia store will take place april 13-15. equestrians are invited to join in the grand opening celebration starting with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9am on friday, april 13. moreduring the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. all the leading brands will be represented, including ariat, bates, charles owen, essex, gpa, grand prix, hdr, hermes, herm sprenger, hug, jaguar, joules, mikmar, mountain horse, passier, pessoa, pikeur, rambo, rhino, stubben, tad coffin, taka and tailored sportsman. “we believe that previous dominion saddlery store customers in the charlottesville area will be delighted with the new look of the store and the expanded selection of equestrian merchandise we will be offering” said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. “we are also pleased to be able to offer our dover saddlery mail order customers the opportunity to shop in a local dover saddlery retail store.” following the grand openings in chantilly and lexington, charlottesville is the third dover saddlery store to be opened in virginia. the store is currently open, during remodeling and refurbishing in preparation for the grand opening. dover saddlery ecommerce site named top 50 by internet retailer littleton, ma –december 18, 2006 –dover saddlery inc., (nasdaq: dovr) announced today that its web site has been named as one of the top 50 retail web sites by internet retailer magazine. more“what the top 50 retail web sites have in common is a willingness to innovate and set the standards for what the rest of the industry should be doing,” says kurt t. peters, editor in chief of internet retailer. the web site now offers the possibility to shop by riding style as well as by product category, keyword or catalog item number. customers who are browsing online can have product questions answered via live chat, click to call or e-mail to a product advisor within the dover saddlery customer service center. in addition, equestrians can now create a personal wish list within the new wishlist registry and easily share the items they are interested in with others. “e-commerce has been a focus of dover saddlery for the last five years and we are very pleased to have our web site recognized as one of the top 50,” said stephen l. day president and ceo of dover saddlery. “our customers are increasingly using our website to shop and we strive to offer the very best online shopping experience for equestrians.” the e-commerce platform and web hosting for doversaddlery.com is provided by dminsite, which specializes in providing e-commerce services to mail order companies. “the m6 platform from dminsite is extremely flexible and effective in allowing us to initiate marketing programs,” says jeannine moore, director of e-commerce at dover saddlery. dover saddlery announces grand opening of chantilly, va store littleton, ma –december 13, 2006 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of dover saddlery (nasdaq: dovr), announced today that the grand opening of its new chantilly virginia store will take place february 2-4. equestrians are invited to join in the grand opening celebration starting with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9am on friday, february 2. moreduring the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. all the leading brands will be represented, including ariat, bates, charles owen, essex, gpa, grand prix, hdr, hermes, herm sprenger, hug, jaguar, joules, mikmar, mountain horse, passier, pessoa, pikeur, rambo, rhino, stubben, tad coffin, taka and tailored sportsman the store, at the site of a former dominion saddlery store, has been completely remodeled and refurbished to accommodate an extensive dover saddlery selection of fine english tack, riding apparel and horse care supplies. “we are looking forward to opening our first store in virginia,” said stephen l. day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. “we believe that previous dominion saddlery store customers as well as dover saddlery mail order customers in the chantilly area will be delighted with the new store and the equestrian retailing experience we will be offering.” dover saddlery announces grand opening of crofton, md store littleton, ma –november 8, 2006 dover saddlery retail, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of dover saddlery ( nasdaq: dovr), announced today that the grand opening of its new crofton, maryland store will take place december 1-3. equestrians are invited to join in the grand opening celebration starting with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 9am on friday, december 1. morethe crofton store situated on route 3, is easily reached from baltimore, annapolis or washington. the store, at the site of a former dominion saddlery store, has been expanded by 50 per cent and completely remodeled and refurbished to accommodate an extensive dover saddlery selection of english tack, apparel and horse care supplies. “after the recent opening of our first store north of baltimore in the hunt valley, we now look forward to serving customers in the area south of baltimore,” said stephen l day, president and ceo of dover saddlery. “we trust that previous dominion saddlery store customers will be delighted with the new and much larger store.” during the grand opening celebrations, equestrians will find grand opening specials throughout the store and can enter to win a $1,000 dover saddlery shopping spree. all the leading brands will be represented, including ariat, bates, charles owen, gpa, grand prix, hermes, herm springer, jaguar, joules, mountain horse, passier, pessoa, pikeur, prestige, rambo, tad coffin, tailored sportsman, and weatherbeeta. customers attending the ribbon-cutting ceremony will be treated to an appearance of a knight and maid of honor from the maryland jousting association, appropriate as the state sport of maryland is jousting. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. (nasdaq: dovr) is the largest direct marketer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts, by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the internet and company-owned retail stores. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider and through smith brothers, the western rider. the source®, dover saddlery® and smith brothers® are registered marks of dover saddlery. for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 x218. internet retailer magazine launched in early 1999, internet retailer's goal has been to cover the internet retailing revolution as no other publisher does. year after year they have enhanced their leadership position as the information authority on the application of the internet to all segments of retailing. internet retailer has the largest-circulation magazine and e-mail newsletters in the retailing industry-and the only ones serving a multi-channel market that includes major distribution to retail chains, catalogers and other direct merchants, web-only retailers and branded manufacturers which use the web to merchandise directly to consumers. for more information on internet retailer magazine please visit www.internetretailer.com. contact dover 800-406-8204 live chat email fax: 978-952-6633 help shopping at dover dover visa card gift cards retail stores return policy pricing information shipping information shop by brand test ride a saddle custom order booklet about dover about dover saddlery dover employees employment investor relations (dovr) press releases privacy policy blog services equine rescue password recovery monogramming request a catalog equestrian roadside assistance satisfaction guarantee sponsorship sponsorship-usdf/dover medal sponsorship-ushja hunter derby stay connected sign up for our email: get the latest information on special offers, sales, events and more. © 2014 dover saddlery, inc., all rights reserved p.o. box 1100 • littleton, ma 01460 not responsible for typographical errors. prices subject to change without notice. powered by kaliocommerce™