来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201227091415/https://www.doversaddlery.com/press-releases/a/69-dovr/
================================================================================

press releases | dover saddlery skip to main content skip to footer content chat store account cart 800-406-8204 tracking 800-406-8204 talk to our experts: chat 800-406-8204 stores tracking free standard shipping on orders $35+ details free returns on all sized items details track my refund or exchange details tracking gift cards shop new back all new new horse and riding supplies new casual clothing new outerwear new riding breeches new kids' riding apparel back all riding apparel breeches back all breeches women's breeches winter riding pants accessories equestrian protective gear back all equestrian protective gear riding helmets eventing vests riding helmet bags, covers & accessories riding gloves back all riding gloves schooling gloves children's gloves show gloves winter gloves barn gloves horse show clothing back all horse show clothing show shirts show coats stock ties & pins hair nets & bows casual riding clothes back all casual riding clothes long sleeve tops short sleeve tops sleeveless tops equestrian sweaters winter tops equestrian outerwear back all equestrian outerwear equestrian jackets & coats casual riding vests & fleeces equestrian hats & scarves riding socks & undergarments back all riding socks & undergarments equestrian underwear equestrian undergarments socks equestrian braces plus sizes back all plus sizes plus size breeches plus size tights plus size show clothing plus size casual clothing equestrian accessories back all equestrian accessories horse spurs spur straps equestrian belts riding bags eventing supplies other accessories kids' back all kids' kids' breeches & jods kids' casual clothing kids' winter breeches kids' sweaters & sweatshirts kids' show shirts kids' outerwear & vests kids' show jackets boys' riding apparel kids' tall boots kids' paddock boots men's apparel back all men's apparel men's breeches men's show jackets men's outerwear & vests men's show shirts men's casual clothing western riding apparel back all western riding apparel men's western apparel women's western apparel featured brands back all featured brands tuffrider® noble equestrian ariat® charles owen horseware® kerrits® lemieux™ mountain horse® one k ovation® samshield schockemohle the tailored sportsman™ tipperary tredstep™ kids' back all kids' kids' breeches & jods kids' casual clothing kids' winter breeches kids' sweaters & sweatshirts kids' show shirts kids' outerwear & vests kids' show jackets boys' riding apparel kids' tall boots kids' paddock boots riding boots & chaps back all riding boots & chaps tall riding boots back all tall riding boots men's tall boots kids' tall boots women's tall boots paddock boots back all paddock boots women's paddock boots kids' paddock boots men's paddock boots half chaps back all half chaps half chaps full chaps winter riding boots back all winter riding boots winter tall boots winter paddock boots country & muck boots shoes & clogs riding boot accessories back all riding boot accessories socks equestrian boot bags boot polish boot pulls, jacks & trees other boot accessories western boots back all western boots men's western boots women's western boots featured brands back all featured brands ariat® tuffrider® noble equestrian tredstep™ mountain horse® horse tack back all horse tack featured brands back all featured brands wintec bates circuit® suffolk® saddles back all saddles english saddles used saddles children's saddles adjustable saddles saddle accessories english saddle covers & bags leather care products saddle pads back all saddle pads half pads pony pads dressage pads close contact all purpose horse boots & wraps back all horse boots & wraps horse boots horse leg wraps pony tack and accessories horse bits back all horse bits english horse bits bit accessories bridles & parts back all bridles & parts english bridles reins browbands nosebands bridle parts & accessories bridle bags martingales & breastplates halters & leads back all halters & leads halters horse leads halter accessories cribbing & muzzles stirrup irons, leathers & girths back all stirrup irons, leathers & girths stirrup irons stirrup leathers stirrup accessories girths training back all training riding whips & crops lunge whips lunging & training equipment horse ear plugs horse shoe studs nameplates horse blankets back all horse blankets turnouts back all turnouts turnout blankets turnout sheets neck covers stable blankets & sheets back all stable blankets & sheets stable blankets stable sheets coolers & anti-sweats back all coolers & anti-sweats horse coolers anti-sweat sheets scrim sheets dress sheets quarter sheets ringside rain sheets pony blankets fly sheets & masks back all fly sheets & masks fly sheets fly masks ear bonnets blanket liners blanket wash & accessories horse care back all horse care horse grooming back all horse grooming brushes hoof picks sweat scrapers sponges grooming totes horse clippers back all horse clippers clippers clipper blades clipper accessories supplements & treats back all supplements & treats horse treats horse supplements salt licks & holders hair & hoof care back all hair & hoof care coat, mane and tail care hoof care braiding & tails hoof & hock boots horse wormers fly control back all fly control fly repellents spot-on fly traps other fly control fly boots first aid & liniments back all first aid & liniments first aid supplies bandages horse liniments poultices twitches therapy bulk pricing - buy more, save more stable supplies back all stable supplies tack trunks back all tack trunks tack trunks trunk covers jumps & arena equipment back all jumps & arena equipment jumps dressage arena letters mounting blocks & metric wheels esi arena footing shelters tack racks & hardware back all tack racks & hardware saddle racks & stands bridle racks & hooks stable hardware blanket racks & bags bandage racks & storage horse toys & treats back all horse toys & treats horse toys horse treats feeding & watering back all feeding & watering feed & water buckets hay bags, nets & racks feed storage weight management trailering back all trailering trailer covers trailer ties trailer accessories shipping halters, fuzzies & bumpers stall supplies back all stall supplies stall guards & stall gates pitchforks stable accessories barn carts stall plates stall curtains stall deodorizers & disinfectants cross ties gifts/dog back all gifts/dog bracelets breyer horses nameplates home decor jewelry back all jewelry earrings necklaces bracelets rings gifts personalized equestrian products toys / games dog back all dog dog blankets collars & leashes dog beds dog seat covers & couch covers books and dvds dressage back all dressage dressage tack back all dressage tack dressage saddles & leathers dressage pads dressage bridles & reins dressage tack accessories dressage riding apparel back all dressage riding apparel dressage breeches dressage show jackets shadbelly coats dressage show shirts dressage casual clothing dressage stock ties and pins dressage accessories back all dressage accessories dressage gloves dressage helmets spurs, belts & more bags and cases dressage tall boots winter clearance back all winter clearance riding apparel back all riding apparel breeches helmets, vests, gloves & accessories show clothing polos & casual clothing outerwear riding boots & chaps back all riding boots & chaps wellies & muck boots boot accessories paddock boots full/half chaps tall boots winter boots horse tack back all horse tack saddles & girths saddle pads horse boots & wraps bits bridles & parts halters & leads stirrup irons & leathers training horse clothing back all horse clothing turnout blankets & sheets stable blankets & sheets fly sheets & masks coolers & anti-sweat sheets underlayers dog blankets & collars horse supplies back all horse supplies grooming supplements & treats hair & hoof care fly control first aid & liniments stable supplies back all stable supplies tack racks & hardware trailering stall supplies gifts gift cards home press releases press box keep informed on the latest news at dover saddlery right here at the press box! dover saddlery® launches the new rider fly shield with insect shield® littleton, ma – april 8, 2020. dover saddlery, the leading omni-channel retailer of equestrian products, is pleased to introduce the new rider fly shield, a lightweight, stretch-mesh jacket treated with insect shield technology to repel biting and nuisance insects. it will allow equestrians to enjoy riding and other outdoor activities and avoid being bitten by insects. proven and registered with the epa to repel mosquitoes, ticks, ants, flies, chiggers and midges (no-see-ums), the insect shield fabric treatment binds a proprietary permethrin formula tightly to fabric fibers. it produces an effective, odorless insect barrier that lasts through 70 washes—the expected lifetime of a garment. insect shield technology is the result of years of research and field study. numerous studies have confirmed the effectiveness of permethrin-treated clothing as an insect repellent. the rider fly shield has thumbhole sleeves that extend coverage over much of the hands, a hood to protect the head and back of neck and a zip front to allow easy on and off. the streamlined cut has a bulk-free feel, while the mesh delivers ample stretch for freedom of movement and excellent breathability to keep the rider cool. “this is one of the most exciting products i’ve helped develop,” says kara judge, senior merchant at dover saddlery. “as a horse owner and rider, it’s my dream layer for bug season. i’ll wear it whenever i ride outside, and i’m sure it will make hand grazing my horses more enjoyable.” to order the rider fly shield or to shop an expansive selection of riding apparel, tack and horse care supplies, visit doversaddlery.com. dover saddlery® opens its 35th store in aiken, south carolina littleton, ma - december 20, 2018. dover saddlery, the leading omni-channel retailer of equestrian products announced today that it will open a 35th dover saddlery retail store in aiken, sc in early february 2019. this new store joins 34 other dover saddlery store locations across the united states. the offering of more than 25,000 products available in-store, by catalog or through the ecommerce website make dover saddlery the source® for equestrian needs across all levels of riding in the english disciplines. “we look forward to opening this special store in the heart of horse country steeped in tradition,” said brad wolansky, ceo of dover saddlery. “this store is ideally located to suit the needs of competitive riders based in aiken and surrounding communities either for the winter season or all year round.” the new dover saddlery store will offer the finest selection of english riding apparel, tack and horse care supplies from all the leading equestrian brands. items for the hunter, jumper, event or dressage rider will be beautifully merchandised throughout the store. this location, as all dover saddlery stores, will offer convenient in-store tall boot, helmet and show coat fittings from knowledgeable product advisors, as well as demo saddles and consultation for test rides. “our area is a haven for horse owners and riders and the home of competition and equine related activities. we welcome dover saddlery to our horse community and look forward to many years of partnering in the equestrian spirit,” said the aiken chamber of commerce. details of the grand opening, hours and directions will be announced on the dover saddlery website at www.doversaddlery.com. about dover saddlery, inc. dover saddlery, inc. is the leading omni-channel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand name products for horse and rider through catalogs, online and through retail stores across the nation. dover saddlery, inc. serves the english rider. for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit www.doversaddlery.com. more dover saddlery® returns as official sponsor of the winter equestrian festival littleton, ma - december 3, 2018. dover saddlery® is proud to announce its return to palm beach international equestrian center (pbiec) as an official sponsor and retailer of the 2019 winter equestrian festival (wef). this year’s circuit is poised to be the largest yet as wef celebrates its 40th anniversary, and competition runs from january 9 through march 31, 2019. this pbiec location joins dover saddlery’s large, existing wellington location on crown way, as well as two locations at the tryon international equestrian center (tiec), pbiec's sister property, along with 33 additional store locations across the country.dover saddlery will open for business on the wef showgrounds in early december, offering hundreds of top brand name products to riders and spectators. in addition, dover saddlery will continue to sponsor the dover saddlery palm beach adult medal class during the wef 2019 circuit, as well as the esp holiday series, which runs from november 28 through january 6, 2019. founded in 1975 by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery is well-known as the source for quality english riding tack and apparel servicing the needs of all levels of horse and rider combinations with a mission of delivering world class customer service. only at dover can customers see, touch, and try products from top equestrian brands and receive custom boot, helmet and saddle fittings from equestrian expert product advisors. now these products are available to competitors and spectators alike on the grounds at wef. dover delivers, a new service that provides on-site deliveries right to the stabling area on the wef showgrounds, will also be operating for the convenience of the competitors. wellington equestrian partners managing partner, mark bellissimo shared his enthusiasm about the partnership with dover saddlery, especially following the successful launch at tiec. "we’re pleased to have dover saddlery return for a second year as an official retail partner of wef, especially following a very successful year in tryon as an official retailer of the 2018 fei world equestrian games,” bellissimo said. “we value dover's longstanding history as a leading provider of equestrian merchandise and know that visitors and competitors at wef will value the selection of products showcased conveniently onsite at our venue.” dover saddlery ceo brad wolansky mirrored bellissimo's sentiments. "we’re very excited at dover saddlery to return to wef as a partner, and we look forward to providing even more top brands in our store on the wef show grounds," said wolansky. "dover stores provide riders a broad selection of products designed for all levels of performance, and these locations have become an intricate part of the equestrian community.” staffed by riders, dover saddlery products are selected by knowledgeable equestrians to ensure customers receive the quality and selection they need; the horse and rider is at the center of every decision made. all products are backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. for more information on dover saddlery, including hours of operation, visit doversaddlery.com. about dover saddlery, inc dover saddlery, inc. is the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover saddlery offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the -internet and retail locations across the united states. for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit doversaddlery.com. about palm beach international equestrian center palm beach international equestrian center (pbiec) is considered the most recognizable equestrian sporting venue in the united states today. it encompasses a total of 500 acres, and the competition rings alone cover over 80 acres. pbiec has two core facilities—the main grounds and equestrian village—containing over 18 competition arenas, including one derby field and the largest covered riding surface in the world. both show grounds are operated by equestrian sport productions, llc (esp) and host the world-famous winter equestrian festival (wef) and the adequan® global dressage festival (agdf), which are held over 12 weeks in january through march. equestrian sport productions owns and operates 42 weeks of united states equestrian federation (usef) rated horse shows from september through june at pbiec in wellington, florida. for more information about palm beach international equestrian center, please visit www.pbiec.com. please visit doversaddlery.com or call 978-952-8062 for more information about dover saddlery. please visit www.pbiec.com or call 561-793-5867 for more information on the winter equestrian festival. more dover saddlery® introduces premium indulge™ collection bridles and halters littleton, ma – june 11, 2018. dover saddlery inc., the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products, is pleased to announce the release of its new indulge™ collection bridles and halters featuring exclusive, high-tech flex-cushion™ technology. innovative flex-cushion absorbs shock and distributes pressure to ensure horse comfort at an unprecedented level. all items are crafted from premium quality supple leather with extra-fine, distinctive stitching. tested in the harsh conditions of new england winters, flex-cushion is a soft and resilient material that retains its performance despite weather conditions. it is hidden inside strategic locations of each halter and bridle to pressure and offer cushioning where it is needed most. in halters, flex-cushion is located within the crowns and nosepieces. in bridles for hunters, jumpers, eventing and dressage, it is located in the crownpieces and, depending on the style of the bridle, may also be found in a noseband, chin pad, or, in the case of the figure 8, in cheek paddles and center nosepiece. “we’re proud to offer this new line of tack to riders because we feel it is the next generation of horse comfort,” commented brad wolansky, chief executive officer. “a lot of thought went into the designs. we also wanted to present the innovation in exceptional, timeless quality leather, and at the best value we could offer.” the indulge collection can be found online at doversaddlery.com, in 34 retail stores nationwide and in dover saddlery catalogs starting this summer. about dover saddlery, inc dover saddlery, inc. is the leading multichannel retailer of equestrian products in the united states. founded in 1975 in wellesley, massachusetts by united states equestrian team members, dover saddlery has grown to become the source® for equestrian products. dover saddlery offers a broad and distinctive selection of competitively priced, brand-name products for horse and rider through catalogs, the -internet and retail locations across the united states. for more information, please call 1-978-952-8062 or visit doversaddlery.com. home my account view desktop site stay connected sign up for our email: get the latest information on special offers, sales, events and more. contact dover contact customer service live chat email fax: 978-952-6633 we listen shopping at dover 100% satisfaction guarantee shipping information track my order fall catalog pdf check a gift card balance return policy usef discount military discount shop by brand custom order booklet order form wish list recall info state sales tax proposition 65 warning international shipping about dover about us support equestrian diversity press box employment privacy policy do not sell my personal data services blog equestrian library equestrian video library monogramming password recovery blanket wizard find the perfect horse blanket. horse condition: easy keeper hard keeper clipped: clipped not clipped location: submit today dover recommends: reset learn more © 2021 dover saddlery, inc., all rights reserved. 525 great road, littleton, ma 01460 not responsible for typographical errors. prices subject to change without notice. powered by kaliocommerce™ shipping to the 48 contiguous u.s. states method under $35 over $35 details: most in-stock orders ship within 1-2 business days standard $8.95 free order arrives 2-9 business days from shipment date depending on receipt location (in the 48 states and does not include oversized items). low weight economy $4.95 free order arrives 2-10 business days from shipment date depending on receipt location (in the 48 states and does not include oversized items). this option is only available on orders which weigh less than 0.9 lbs. expedited ground $12.95 $5.00 order arrives 2-5 business days (monday-friday) from shipment date. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed 3-business day $19.95 $12.00 orders are prioritized to arrive within 3 business days (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 1pm et, monday-friday. if you need an expedited order between 3-4pm et, please call customer service. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed 2-business day $24.95 $17.00 orders are prioritized to arrive within 2 business days (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 1pm et, monday-friday. if you need an expedited order between 3-4pm et, please call customer service. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed next business day $34.95 $27.00 orders are prioritized to arrive on the next business day (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 1pm et, monday-friday. if you need an expedited order between 3-4pm et, please call customer service. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed next day saturday $49.95 $42.00 orders are prioritized to arrive on saturday if the order is placed by 1pm et on friday. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. over-sized items: free standard shipping to the contiguous 48 states, applies to items fedex deems “normal & customary” in size and weight. large, bulky, or odd-shaped items may be subject to fedex oversize/overweight charges. “business days” = monday – friday when calculating shipping time, please use the next business day to start the clock for all orders received after 1pm et. shipping to ak, hi, pr and vi shipments to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and the virgin islands ship via fedex where service is available. now offering 2 business day and next business day shipping options. for questions please call or email us for a shipping quote. ship method under $35 over $35 details standard $24.95 $17.00 order arrives 6-9 business days (monday-friday) from shipment date depending on receipt location. these orders typically ship within 24-48 hours of the order being placed. guaranteed 2 business days $44.95 $37.00 orders are prioritized to arrive within 2 business days (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 1pm et. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed next business day $54.95 $47.00 orders are prioritized to arrive on the next business day (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 1pm et. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. description style regular order of initials (example emily jane smith = ejs) a, b, g traditional monogram order of initials (example emily jane smith = esj) c, dd, f, h, k, bb, cc, ee, ff, kk, ll first and last initial (example emily smith = es) l, m, y single initial (example emily smith = e) d, aa, j, gg, n, p, q, v, x, w, z spelled out name (example emily smith = emily) e, r, s, t please allow extra delivery time for monogrammed products. the easiest and best guarantee in the business shop with 100% confidence at dover saddlery. if something doesn’t fit you or your horse, return your original purchase within a year, and we’ll make it right with a refund, exchange or replacement. our experience as riders and horse owners ourselves is that in most situations a year’s time is fair enough to evaluate proper fit and function. plus: for manufacturer’s defects, we’ll extend the manufacturer’s warranty to a maximum of 24 months, regardless of their individual policies. (and: manufacturer warranties longer than 24 months will be honored and supported by us as well up to the length of those warranties). exceptions: safety items such as helmets and protective vests may only be returned within 30 days, with their original tags intact. saddles and riding boots may be returned within the one year period, but are subject to a prorated refund based on usage. used saddles may be returned for 30 days only. for everyone’s protection, treats and vet meds which have been opened are not returnable, and returned blankets must clean and free of debris. click here for our full return policy. print a label: step 1: create your federal express return label. step 2: affix the label to your package – include your original invoice with your return. step 3: drop the package in a mailbox, give it to your postal carrier, drop off at the post office or drop it at a fedex location. this service is only available within the contiguous 48 united states. see below for additional options and associated charges. your e-gift card will be delivered via email within 24 hours regardless of shipping method selected. if your purchase contains other items, select the ship method you would like the remainder of your order to use and it will arrive in the identified time frame. gift card number format: there are no letter o used, only the number 0. for your gift card number: please enter your promotional gift card number into the payment information section of checkout, under gift card number. how to get your usef member discount online: 1. add items to your cart 2. proceed to checkout 3. on checkout page, enter cmxusef into the promotion code box. press apply, the discount will be automatically applied. 4. be sure to enter your usef # into the comment box. 5. proceed to payment & place your order! click here to find out if your store is curbside pick-up, shop by appointment, or fully open. make your curbside order easy and contactless: 1. download the curbside delivery form 2. fill out your order. do not include credit card info. 3. take a picture with your phone or scan it 4. email the form to your local dover saddlery store 5. we’ll contact you to confirm & get your payment info. dear customers, we would like to inform you there has been a recall on the 6 lb. german horse muffins, manufactured november 29, 2018, lot # 8333, due to a quality control problem. the lot number can be found at the bottom of the bag on a small white sticker. the company believes this is an isolated incident but we want to make you aware as an additional precaution. please contact us at doversaddlery.com/chat or email customerservice@doversaddlery.com with questions. if your code isn’t producing the expected result, please give us a call at 800-406-8204 or connect with us via live chat. how to get your military discount online: 1. add items to your cart 2. proceed to checkout 3. on checkout page, enter cmxmilitary into the promotion code box. press apply, the discount will be automatically applied. 4. be sure to enter your military dod# into the comment box. 5. proceed to payment & place your order! we thank you and appreciate your patience while we catch up on our returns processing. we are slowed down due to covid-19 and staffing constraints. we expect returns and refunds to take 10-14 days for processing. you will receive an email notification when your return has been processed. where is my refund or exchange? *please note: your refund may take several business days from the time your return is processed until you see the refund in your financial institution* how it works: - your return is shipped back to our warehouse in massachusetts. it arrives in massachusetts 2-10 business days after you ship it back depending on your geographic shipping location. - once your return is delivered to dover saddlery, your request for a refund or exchange is processed in 1-2 business days. refunds: - your refund is processed, and information is sent from dover saddlery to your financial institution. - your refund will be accepted by your financial institution and show on your account in 1-4 business days. (this varies depending on your financial institution’s policy and processing time) exchanges: - your exchange item is processed depending on availability and is shipped from our warehouse within 48 business hours from the time the exchange order is placed. items shipping from the manufacturer may take a bit longer. - your exchange order is shipped to you via standard shipping and should arrive in 2-9 business days depending on your geographic location.