来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221211140152/https://www.doversaddlery.com/privacy-policy/a/75-dovr/
================================================================================

dover saddlery privacy policy skip to main content skip to footer content chat store account cart 800-406-8204 tracking account sign in tracking gift cards chat 800-406-8204 store 800-406-8204 free economy shipping- on orders $45+ details free returns on all sized items details track my refund or exchange details shop new back all new new riding breeches new casual clothing new outerwear & accessories new horse clothing new kids' new show apparel & accessories new protective gear new footwear & chaps new horse tack & accessories new gifts new horse and stable supplies riding apparel back all riding apparel breeches back all breeches women's breeches winter riding pants equestrian protective gear back all equestrian protective gear riding helmets protective vests riding helmet bags, covers & accessories riding gloves back all riding gloves schooling gloves show gloves barn gloves winter gloves equestrian accessories back all equestrian accessories equestrian belts riding bags eventing supplies other accessories casual riding clothes back all casual riding clothes long sleeve tops sweaters & winter tops short sleeve tops sleeveless tops horse show clothing back all horse show clothing show shirts show coats stock ties & pins hair nets & bows equestrian outerwear back all equestrian outerwear equestrian jackets & coats casual riding vests & fleeces equestrian hats & scarves riding socks & undergarments back all riding socks & undergarments equestrian underwear socks equestrian braces men's apparel back all men's apparel men's breeches men's casual clothing men's show shirts men's show jackets men's outerwear & vests men's sweaters & sweatshirts kids' back all kids' kids' breeches & jods kids' winter breeches kids' sweaters & sweatshirts kids' outerwear & vests kids' casual clothing boys' riding apparel kids' show shirts kids' show jackets kids' paddock boots kids' tall boots kids' gloves & accessories plus sizes back all plus sizes plus size breeches plus size tights plus size show clothing plus size casual clothing featured brands back all featured brands the tailored sportsman™ ariat® tredstep™ horseware® ovation® samshield charles owen noble equestrian kerrits® lemieux™ tipperary schockemohle tuffrider® one k western riding apparel back all western riding apparel women's western apparel men's western apparel kids' back all kids' kids' breeches & jods kids' casual clothing kids' winter breeches kids' sweaters & sweatshirts kids' show shirts kids' outerwear & vests kids' show jackets kids' gloves & accessories boys' riding apparel kids' tall boots kids' paddock boots riding boots & chaps back all riding boots & chaps tall riding boots back all tall riding boots women's tall boots men's tall boots kids' tall boots paddock boots back all paddock boots women's paddock boots men's paddock boots kids' paddock boots half chaps back all half chaps half chaps full chaps winter riding boots back all winter riding boots winter tall boots winter paddock boots country & muck boots shoes & clogs riding boot accessories back all riding boot accessories socks equestrian boot bags boot polish boot pulls, jacks & trees other boot accessories western footwear back all western footwear women's western boots men's western boots featured brands back all featured brands ariat® tredstep™ deniro® tuffrider® noble equestrian mountain horse® horse tack back all horse tack featured brands back all featured brands wintec bates circuit® suffolk™ saddles back all saddles english saddles used saddles children's saddles adjustable saddles saddle accessories english saddle covers & bags leather care products saddle pads back all saddle pads all purpose close contact dressage pads half pads pony pads horse boots & wraps back all horse boots & wraps bell boots horse boots horse leg wraps pony tack and accessories horse bits back all horse bits english horse bits bit accessories bridles & parts back all bridles & parts build a bridle english bridles reins browbands nosebands bridle parts & accessories bridle bags martingales & breastplates fly masks halters & leads back all halters & leads halters horse leads halter accessories cribbing & muzzles stirrup irons, leathers & girths back all stirrup irons, leathers & girths stirrup irons stirrup leathers stirrup accessories girths training back all training horse spurs riding whips & crops lunge whips lunging & training equipment horse ear plugs horse shoe studs nameplates horse blankets back all horse blankets turnouts back all turnouts turnout blankets turnout sheets neck covers stable blankets & sheets back all stable blankets & sheets stable blankets stable sheets coolers & anti-sweats back all coolers & anti-sweats horse coolers anti-sweat sheets scrim sheets dress sheets quarter sheets ringside rain sheets pony blankets fly sheets & masks back all fly sheets & masks fly sheets fly masks blanket liners blanket wash & accessories horse care back all horse care horse grooming back all horse grooming brushes hoof picks sweat scrapers sponges grooming totes clippers horse clippers back all horse clippers clippers clipper blades clipper accessories supplements & treats back all supplements & treats horse treats horse supplements salt licks & holders hair & hoof care back all hair & hoof care coat, mane and tail care hoof care braiding & tails hoof & hock boots horse wormers fly control back all fly control fly repellents spot-on fly traps other fly control fly boots first aid & liniments back all first aid & liniments first aid supplies bandages horse liniments poultices twitches therapy bulk pricing - buy more, save more stable supplies back all stable supplies tack trunks back all tack trunks tack trunks jumps & arena equipment back all jumps & arena equipment jumps dressage arena letters mounting blocks & metric wheels esi arena footing shelters tack racks & hardware back all tack racks & hardware saddle racks & stands bridle racks & hooks stable hardware blanket racks & bags bandage racks & storage horse toys & treats back all horse toys & treats horse toys horse treats feeding & watering back all feeding & watering feed & water buckets hay bags, nets & racks feed scoops horse measurement trailering back all trailering trailer covers & accessories shipping halters, fuzzies & bumpers stall supplies back all stall supplies stall guards & stall gates pitchforks stable accessories barn carts stall plates stall curtains stall deodorizers & disinfectants cross ties gifts/dog back all gifts/dog holiday gift guide back all holiday gift guide gifts that will wow gifts for riders cold weather riding gifts gifts for your horse gifts for kids personalized equestrian products stocking stuffers gift cards gifts under $25 gifts $25-$50 gifts $50-$100 gifts $100+ breyer horses nameplates home decor gift cards jewelry back all jewelry earrings necklaces bracelets rings gifts personalized equestrian products toys / games dog back all dog dog blankets collars & leashes dog beds dog toys, treats & accessories books and dvds dressage back all dressage dressage tack back all dressage tack dressage saddles & leathers dressage pads dressage bridles & reins dressage tack accessories dressage riding apparel back all dressage riding apparel dressage breeches dressage show jackets shadbelly coats dressage show shirts dressage casual clothing dressage stock ties and pins dressage accessories back all dressage accessories dressage gloves dressage helmets spurs, belts & more bags and cases dressage tall boots sale back all sale riding apparel back all riding apparel breeches helmets, vests, gloves & accessories show clothing polos & casual clothing outerwear riding boots & chaps back all riding boots & chaps wellies & muck boots boot accessories paddock boots full/half chaps tall boots winter boots horse tack back all horse tack saddles & girths saddle pads horse boots & wraps bits bridles & parts halters & leads training horse clothing back all horse clothing turnout blankets & sheets stable blankets & sheets fly sheets & masks coolers & anti-sweat sheets dog blankets & collars horse supplies back all horse supplies grooming supplements & treats hair & hoof care fly control first aid & liniments stable supplies back all stable supplies trailering stall supplies gifts gift cards home privacy policy your privacy rights we appreciate the trust you place in dover saddlery, and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. this privacy policy, effective december 31, 2019, describes the information we collect and how we use it. we always welcome your questions and feedback. for privacy-related issues, please contact us at: dover saddlery525 great roadlittleton, ma 01460800-989-1500privacy@doversaddlery.com information we collect in general, we may collect information (including name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information) when you: order from our catalogs or online purchase from one of our retail stores return an item or make an exchange inquire about our services request a catalog receive a gift package enter a contest or sweepstakes subscribe to an e-mail newsletter are referred to us through a marketing promotion participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event we may also combine this information with data that is publicly available and data that we receive from other reputable sources. we maintain this data, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database. we also gather information about how visitors navigate through our web site by using "clickstream" data gathered with "cookies," and may also use other online tools such as "pixel tags," as described below. how we use the information we collect at dover saddlery, the information we collect allows us to: process and track your order provide the services you request contact you about the status of an order send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you send you email promotions or newsletters identify your product and service preferences customize our communications to you provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased improve our merchandise selection and customer service information we share with others we contract with other companies to provide certain services, including credit card processing, shipping, e-mail distribution, market research, and promotions management. we provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. these companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than dover saddlery. from time to time, we make our mailing list (names and addresses only) and information concerning general shopping activity available to carefully screened retailers whose products we believe will be of interest to you. if you prefer that we do not share any information with these companies, please contact us. on rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so. we may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. we do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes. your choices we offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. if you prefer not to receive catalogs or other communications from dover saddlery, please contact us at the address shown below. if you no longer wish to receive our e-mail newsletters or promotions, you also may contact us at the address below or unsubscribe using the link provided in every e-mail.dover saddlery525 great roadlittleton, ma 01460800-989-1500privacy@doversaddlery.comif you do not want us to provide your name and address to other companies for promotional purposes, please contact us at: dover saddlery 525 great road littleton, ma 01460 800-989-1500 privacy@doversaddlery.com because mailings are planned in advance, it may take several weeks or more for your request to become effective. if you continue to receive unwanted communications of any kind, please contact us, and we will make every effort to correct the situation. cookies and pixel tags a cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. cookies enable you to place an order on our web site. they also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you. for example, we use cookies to: remember what items are in your shopping cart recognize you when you return to our web site study how our customers navigate through our web site and which products they request in site searches we may also use pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our web site you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site. pixel tags may also enable us to send you e-mail in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an e-mail message from us. we also may contract with other companies who use cookies or other online tools such as pixel tags to measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf. we prohibit these companies from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than dover saddlery. how we use e-mail when you provide us your e-mail address, we may send you e-mails necessary to process your order or respond to a request. we may also periodically send out promotions and newsletters by e-mail. instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each e-mail. links to other sites if you click on a link within the dover saddlery site that takes you to another site, you understand that while on their site they have established their own privacy and security policies. updating or reviewing your information to update your customer information (name, mailing address, telephone number and email address), please contact us at the address above. security we use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data in order to minimize the chance of loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. we limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities. when you make a purchase, request a catalog, or create an account on our web site, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format. privacy of children on our web site our web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. your california privacy rights if you reside in california, you have the right to ask one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make a request, please contact us at privacy@doversaddlery.com. indicate in your email or letter that you are a california resident making a "california shine the light" inquiry. effective, january 1, 2020, according to the california consumer privacy act of 2018, if you reside in california then you have the following rights: you can opt-out of dover saddlery's sale of your personal information. you can request the deletion of your personal information. you can request, no more than twice in a 12 month period, for us to disclose the following from the preceding 12 months: - categories of personal information collected about you - categories of sources from which we collected personal information - business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information - categories of third parties with whom we share personal information - specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you - categories of personal information we have sold and categories of third parties to whom the information was sold dover saddlery will not discriminate against you if you have exercised your rights. nevada residents if you are a nevada resident and would like to make a request under chapter 603a of the nevada revised statues, you may email us at privacy@doversaddlery.com. please include "nevada" in your email subject line and include the following information in your email: your name, nevada resident address, and email address. policy changes from time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. if our information practices change, we will post these changes on our web site. we encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically. questions or comments? for questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us.we hope to answer any questions to your satisfaction, but should you ever want to contact a third party regarding our privacy practices, you can e-mail the direct marketing association's committee on ethical business practices at privacypromise@the-dma.org. the dma is the oldest and largest association for consumers and companies with interest in direct marketing. home my account view desktop site stay connected sign up for our email: get the latest information on special offers, sales, events and more. contact dover contact customer service live chat email fax: 978-952-6633 we listen store locator shopping at dover 100% satisfaction guarantee shipping information track my order fall catalog pdf 2022 holiday catalog pdf 2022 check a gift card balance return policy usef discount military discount shop by brand wish list gift cards recall info state sales tax proposition 65 warning international shipping new rider dressage extensions about dover about us support equestrian diversity press box employment privacy policy first blue ribbon trainer rewards do not sell my personal data services blog equestrian library equestrian video library monogramming password recovery custom order booklet order form catalog request blanket wizard find the perfect horse blanket. horse condition: easy keeper hard keeper clipped: clipped not clipped location: submit today dover recommends reset learn more © 2023 dover saddlery, inc., all rights reserved. 525 great road, littleton, ma 01460 not responsible for typographical errors. prices subject to change without notice. powered by kaliocommerce™ shipping to the 48 contiguous u.s. states method under $45 over $45 details: most in-stock orders ship within 1-2 business days economy $5.95 free order arrives 2-9 business days from shipment date depending on receipt location (in the 48 states and does not include oversized items). standard ground $12.95 $5.00 order arrives 2-5 business days (monday-friday) from shipment date. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed 3-business day $19.95 $12.00 orders are prioritized to arrive within 3 business days (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 2pm et, monday-friday. if you need an expedited order between 3-4pm et, please call customer service. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed 2-business day $24.95 $17.00 orders are prioritized to arrive within 2 business days (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 2pm et, monday-friday. if you need an expedited order between 3-4pm et, please call customer service. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed next business day $34.95 $27.00 orders are prioritized to arrive on the next business day (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 2pm et, monday-friday. if you need an expedited order between 3-4pm et, please call customer service. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed next day saturday $49.95 $42.00 orders are prioritized to arrive on saturday if the order is placed by 2pm et on friday. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. over-sized items: free standard shipping to the contiguous 48 states, applies to items fedex deems “normal & customary” in size and weight. large, bulky, or odd-shaped items may be subject to fedex oversize/overweight charges. “business days” = monday – friday when calculating shipping time, please use the next business day to start the clock for all orders received after 2pm et. shipping to ak, hi, pr and vi shipments to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and the virgin islands ship via fedex where service is available. free economy shipping is not offered to these locations since fedex charges substantially more to deliver to them. if you have a special situation, or fedex “oversize/overweight” items, please call, email us or chat with us for a shipping quote. ship method under $45 over $45 details standard $24.95 $17.00 order arrives 6-9 business days (monday-friday) from shipment date depending on receipt location. these orders typically ship within 24-48 hours of the order being placed. guaranteed 2 business days $44.95 $37.00 orders are prioritized to arrive within 2 business days (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 2pm et. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. guaranteed next business day $54.95 $47.00 orders are prioritized to arrive on the next business day (monday-friday) if the order is placed by 2pm et. not available for shipments to p.o. boxes. click here to see all our shipping information including international and non-contiguous states. description style regular order of initials (example emily jane smith = ejs) a, b, g traditional monogram order of initials (example emily jane smith = esj) c, dd, f, h, k, bb, cc, ee, ff, kk, ll first and last initial (example emily smith = es) l, m, y single initial (example emily smith = e) d, aa, j, gg, n, p, q, v, x, w, z spelled out name (example emily smith = emily) e, r, s, t please allow extra delivery time for monogrammed products. the easiest and best guarantee in the business shop with 100% confidence at dover saddlery. if something doesn’t fit you or your horse, return your original purchase within a year, and we’ll make it right with a refund, exchange or replacement. our experience as riders and horse owners ourselves is that in most situations a year’s time is fair enough to evaluate proper fit and function. plus: for manufacturer’s defects, we’ll extend the manufacturer’s warranty to a maximum of 24 months, regardless of their individual policies. (and: manufacturer warranties longer than 24 months will be honored and supported by us as well up to the length of those warranties). exceptions: safety items such as helmets and protective vests may only be returned within 30 days, with their original tags intact. saddles and riding boots may be returned within the one year period, but are subject to a prorated refund based on usage. used saddles may be returned for 30 days only. for everyone’s protection, treats and vet meds which have been opened are not returnable, and returned blankets must clean and free of debris. click here for our full return policy. print a label: step 1: create your federal express return label. step 2: affix the label to your package – include your original invoice with your return. step 3: drop the package in a mailbox, give it to your postal carrier, drop off at the post office or drop it at a fedex location. this service is only available within the contiguous 48 united states. your e-gift card will be delivered via email within 24 hours regardless of shipping method selected. if your purchase contains other items, select the ship method you would like the remainder of your order to use and it will arrive in the identified time frame. gift card number format: there are no letter o used, only the number 0. for your gift card number: please enter your promotional gift card number into the payment information section of checkout, under gift card number. dover saddlery supports usef riders! enjoy 10% off from us for being a member of usef and get everything you need for your next ride. how to get your usef member discount online: 1. add items to your cart 2. proceed to checkout 3. on checkout page, enter cmxusef into the promotion code box. press apply, the discount will be automatically applied. 4. be sure to enter your usef # into the comment box. 5. proceed to payment & place your order! *cannot be combined with other offers. click here to find out if your store is curbside pick-up, shop by appointment, or fully open. make your curbside order easy and contactless: 1. download the curbside delivery form 2. fill out your order. do not include credit card info. 3. take a picture with your phone or scan it 4. email the form to your local dover saddlery store 5. we’ll contact you to confirm & get your payment info. dear customers, we would like to inform you there has been a recall on the 6 lb. german horse muffins, manufactured november 29, 2018, lot # 8333, due to a quality control problem. the lot number can be found at the bottom of the bag on a small white sticker. the company believes this is an isolated incident but we want to make you aware as an additional precaution. please contact us at doversaddlery.com/chat or email customerservice@doversaddlery.com with questions. if your code isn’t producing the expected result, please give us a call at 800-406-8204 or connect with us via live chat. how to get your military discount online: 1. add items to your cart 2. proceed to checkout 3. on checkout page, enter cmxmilitary into the promotion code box. press apply, the discount will be automatically applied. 4. be sure to enter your military dod# into the comment box. 5. proceed to payment & place your order! *cannot be combined with other offers where is my refund or exchange? click here to track your order. *please note: your refund may take several business days from the time your return is processed until you see the refund in your financial institution* how it works: - your return is shipped back to our warehouse in massachusetts. it arrives in massachusetts 2-10 business days after you ship it back depending on your geographic shipping location. - once your return is delivered to dover saddlery, your request for a refund or exchange is processed in 1-2 business days. refunds: - your refund is processed, and information is sent from dover saddlery to your financial institution. - your refund will be accepted by your financial institution and show on your account in 1-4 business days. (this varies depending on your financial institution’s policy and processing time) exchanges: - your exchange item is processed depending on availability and is shipped from our warehouse within 48 business hours from the time the exchange order is placed. items shipping from the manufacturer may take a bit longer. - your exchange order is shipped to you via standard shipping and should arrive in 2-9 business days depending on your geographic location.