来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091228201951/http://www.btosports.com/cs/terms
================================================================================

terms and conditions - bto sports bto sports.com terms & conditions return item instructions bto sports, inc. guarantees customer satisfaction. if you are not satisfied with your purchase please follow the instructions below to return the item. warranty claims:  we will assist with warranty issues; however, all warranty issues are the ultimate responsibility of the manufacturer.  we cannot be responsible for manufacturer policy and/or processing. some special order items may require a restocking fee prior to return.  please check with your sales associate.  all returns must be in new condition and include all original manufacturer's packaging.  all closeout/blowout merchandise are final and can not be returned. call 1-888-613-3393 or return the merchandise with a note in the box explaining what needs to be done.  please send the package back with a copy of the invoice and note within 30 days from the day you receive your order. requests after 30 days are at our discretion. we will be glad to refund or exchange undamaged and unused items with no restocking fee within 30 days from the date of sale.   for item exchanges: bto sports, inc. must wait to ship your product until the original item has been returned. credit card refunds are credited back to the card used for the original purchase.  always insure the package for the full retail value of the item. please return all items via ground shipping. please note: third party shippers (example ups store, fedex kinko's, mailbox etc) add charges to normal ground shipping costs. bto sports, inc. does not reimburse these charges.   please do not return any items via cod  our shipping department cannot accept cod returns.  please return item to: bto sports, inc. attn: returns # (include a copy of the original invoice and explain what you want us to do with the order) 77 duesenberg dr. #c   thousand oaks,  ca  91362 warranty informationyou are entitled to the manufacturer's limited expressed warranty, if any, that accompanies the product. bto sports makes no additional or independent warranty. all other warranties, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. bto sports shall under no circumstances be liable for special, incidental, or consequential damages including loss of profit, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages; the maximum liability for all direct damages, if any, arising out of any action shall be limited to an amount not to exceed the purchase price of the product.errors and omissionsbto sports makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information on our web site(s). however, the documents and graphics published on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. bto sports makes no representations about the suitability of the information and graphics presented on this site. all such documents and graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind.if an error is made and a product is listed at an incorrect price, bto sports shall maintain the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed at the incorrect price. if the order has been confirmed and charged to your credit card, bto sports shall immediately issue a credit in the amount of the incorrect price.note: we do not guarantee bto sports prices listed on other web sites or price engines.non-u.s. net userssales of our products must follow u.s. commerce department regulations and state department restrictions.products bto sports standard terms of saleall sales are subject to the following terms and conditions:1. customer acknowledgment.customer acknowledges agreement with these terms of sale by the placement of an order to purchase a product from bto sports.2. all sales made in california.all sales shall be deemed made in the state of california, usa, regardless of the location of the customer.the customer agrees that any dispute with bto sports arising out of the customer's purchase from bto sports shall be brought by the customer exclusively in the state or federal courts situated in the state of california; and the customer hereby agrees that such venue is appropriate and that bto sports' agreement to sell and deliver products to the customer is dependent on this provision.3. purchase price.(a) prices and promotions are listed in bto sports web site and its advertisement, and are subject to change without notice.(b) payment is due before shipment, unless credit terms have been arranged in advance with bto sports' credit department. in such case, payment terms shall be as set forth in the credit agreement.(c) bto sports collects sales and use taxes for sales made to residents of the state(s) of california. bto sports shall not be liable for handling or customs charges for shipments outside the united states.4. shipping terms.shipping terms are: f.o.b. california. bto sports will arrange payment for shipping with the carrier, but such costs are the responsibility of customer. risk of loss is upon customer once bto sports delivers the product to the carrier. delivery times are estimates only and bto sports shall not be liable for delays.5. vendor license agreements.customer agrees to abide by all license provisions or end user agreement imposed by the manufacturer or publisher.6. international.products sold by bto sports may be exported from the united states only in accordance with the export administration regulations. diversion contrary to united states law is prohibited. customer warrants and represents that it is eligible to receive products under united states law and agrees to abide by any export or re-export restrictions imposed by the manufacturer or publisher.7. limited manufacturer's warranty.(a) bto sports warrants that it has good title to the products.(b) bto sports does not warrant the performance or integrity of any product, but merely passes through to the customer whatever end-user warranty the manufacturers.(c) btosports disclaims all other warranties, express or implied by law, including merchantability and use for a particular purpose.8. limitation of liability.in no event shall bto sports be liable for special, incidental, or consequential damages, including but not limited to loss of profit or opportunity. customer's sole and exclusive remedy is stated in the manufacturer's warranty accompanying the product. in no event shall bto sports' liability exceed the repair, replacement or cost of the specific product purchased from bto sports. some states may not recognize a disclaimer or limitation of warranties and/or limitation of liability so the above disclaimers may not apply. customer may also have different and/or additional rights and remedies that vary from state to state.9. returns.returns of products are subject to btosports' current return policies, which are set forth in the advertisement, web site, and shipping statement, subject to any additional or lesser return rights adopted by the manufacturer or publisher.10. exclusive agreement.these terms of sale represent the complete and final agreement between the customer and btosports for the matters set forth herein, and shall be supplemented only by the prices, quantity, and descriptions set forth in btosports' invoice for the relevant sale. terms contained in customers' purchase orders, offers to buy, terms and conditions, and the like shall have no effect.11. general.(a) these terms of sale and any transactions made under them shall be interpreted by and be subject to the laws of the state of california.(b) in the event any section or portion of a section of these terms of sale are deemed unlawful or unenforceable, that section or portion of a section shall be stricken from the terms of sale, and the remaining terms shall continue in full force and effect.(c) btosports shall not be responsible for damages or delays resulting from acts of god, and from other actions, both governmental and otherwise, including but not limited to war, riot, seizure, and embargo.(d)these terms of sale may be modified from time to time by btosports without notice, and are current as of the date of the then current advertisement or web site. please refer to the current advertisement or web site. int'l/military shipping we ship to apo/fpo military addresses and international countries! click for details shop by brand choose brand ac racing acerbis plastic advantage performance power packs air cell racing akrapovic exhaust alpinestars ancra answer applied racing arai helmets arc levers asterisk asv athena cylinder kits atv exhaust axo barnett bbr bel ray bell helmets big gun blur optics boyesen braking bridgestone bto sports buchanan spoke sets c.i.a. camelbak champion factory tool boxes cruz tools cv4 cycra cylinder works d.i.d. devol dfy sports (ama apparel) dirt skins dragon optics dubach racing dunlop dvs shoes ebc edelbrock eks-brand epic camera evs excel faction mx factory connection factory effex factory r&d fastway filtron flu designs fly racing fmf fox gaerne galfer go pro hero camera hammerhead hardline hour meters helix hinson hjc hot cams hot rods ims inner cooler ishock jardine k&n air filters kbc leatt brace leo vince lightspeed magura marzocchi maxima mccuff mec plastics mechanix wear merge racing metal mulisha michelin monster moose racing motion pro motocomm camera msr mx exhaust n-style nite rider light kits nitro circus no fear no-toil nuetech o'neal oakley ogio omega neck brace one industries pc racing pivot works pro armor pro circuit pro grip pro moto billet pro taper project 321 qtm r&d racing products race tech rad manufacturing ready racing red bull renthal rg3 ride engineering risk racing rockhard rockstar scorpion scott scotts perf. sdg replacement seats sfb racing shift shock doctor shoei sidi boots sik 50's sixsixone skull candy smith smooth sparx helmets spy stellar mx storm sunline t.m. designworks tag metals tcx boots thor throttle jockey tokyomods toolseat torco troy lee designs twin air filters two brothers racing ufo plastics ultimate mx hauler universal utopia v-force vance & hines vemar helmets vholdr hd camera vonzipper vortex wilco suv cam wiseco works connection yoshimura exhaust zero 7 shop by category dirt bike parts body brakes controls drive electrical engine exhausts 2-stroke exhausts 4-stroke graphics & s/c intake/fuel/air plastics stands/tools/ramps suspension tires/rims/tubes apparel (adult) bundle packages cold weather gloves combo packages dirt racing underwear gloves jackets jerseys pants/shorts shoes socks apparel (kids) back 2 school boots casual gear combos gearbag gloves goggles helmets jackets jerseys other cool stuff pants protection socks apparel (women's) boots casual gear combos gearbags gloves goggles helmets jackets jerseys pants protection socks boots alpinestars boots answer boots axo boots fly boots fox boots gaerne boots moose boots msr boots no fear boots o'neal boots scott boots shift boots sidi boots six six one boots socks tcx boots thor boots brand ac racing acerbis plastic advantage performance power packs air cell racing akrapovic exhaust alpinestars ancra answer applied racing arai helmets arc levers asterisk asv athena cylinder kits atv exhaust axo barnett bbr bel ray bell helmets big gun blur optics boyesen braking bridgestone bto sports buchanan spoke sets c.i.a. camelbak champion factory tool boxes cruz tools cv4 cycra cylinder works d.i.d. devol dfy sports (ama apparel) dirt skins dragon optics dubach racing dunlop dvs shoes ebc edelbrock eks-brand epic camera evs excel faction mx factory connection factory effex factory r&d fastway filtron flu designs fly racing fmf fox gaerne galfer go pro hero camera hammerhead hardline hour meters helix hinson hjc hot cams hot rods ims inner cooler ishock jardine k&n air filters kbc leatt brace leo vince lightspeed magura marzocchi maxima mccuff mec plastics mechanix wear merge racing metal mulisha michelin monster moose racing motion pro motocomm camera msr mx exhaust n-style nite rider light kits nitro circus no fear no-toil nuetech o'neal oakley ogio omega neck brace one industries pc racing pivot works pro armor pro circuit pro grip pro moto billet pro taper project 321 qtm r&d racing products race tech rad manufacturing ready racing red bull renthal rg3 ride engineering risk racing rockhard rockstar scorpion scott scotts perf. sdg replacement seats sfb racing shift shock doctor shoei sidi boots sik 50's sixsixone skull candy smith smooth sparx helmets spy stellar mx storm sunline t.m. designworks tag metals tcx boots thor throttle jockey tokyomods toolseat torco troy lee designs twin air filters two brothers racing ufo plastics ultimate mx hauler universal utopia v-force vance & hines vemar helmets vholdr hd camera vonzipper vortex wilco suv cam wiseco works connection yoshimura exhaust zero 7 brand new items accessories boots bundle kits camera's casual chemicals dvd's exhausts gearbags/backpacks goggles graphics hard parts helmets holiday items levers protection ramps and stands riding gear sticker sheets sunglasses tools wheels/tires casual wear backpacks hats/beanies headphones hoody/sweatshirts jackets pajamas pants & shorts school supplies shoes socks summer wear sunglasses tee's/shirts chemicals brake lube chain lube closeouts (sale items) boots bundle kits casual wear exhausts gear combos gearbags gloves goggles graphics/seat covers hard parts helmets jackets/vests jerseys pants plastic protection super sales dvd's dvd's gearbags / bags backpacks gearbags helmet bags other bags goggles answer goggles blur goggles dragon goggles eks-brand goggles fly goggles fox goggles goggle accesories moose goggle accessories msr goggles oakley goggles scott goggles smith goggles spy goggles thor goggles utopia goggles vonzipper goggles helmets answer helmets arai helmets axo helmets bell helmets evs helmets fly helmets fox helmets g-max helmets helmet bags & accessories helmet camera's helmet lights hjc helmets kbc helmets moose helmets msr helmets no fear helmets o'neal helmets one industries helmets rockhard helmets scorpion helmets shift helmets shoei helmets sixsixone helmets sparx helmets suomy helmets thor helmets troy lee helmets vemar helmets hydration systems camelbak hydration paks fly hydration paks fox hydration paks inner cooler moose hydration ogio hydration paks oneal hydration paks thor hydration paks mini parts klx/dr-z110 parts ttr50 parts xr/crf50 parts protective gear belts chest protectors elbow guards knee braces knee guards neck support support wrist/ankle support get our newsletter coupons, sales & more home my wish list track your order my account request catalog shipping info contact us your cart 0 items view cart checkout clearance dirt bikes street bikes atv free shipping on all orders over $100 1-888-613-3393 call toll free for international orders: 1-805-777-7601 ordering: my account order status shipping & returns terms & conditions size charts 2009 ecatalog returns form popular brands: fox alpinestars thor monster fmf pro circuit fly racing help & info: product support photo gallery product reviews retail store gift cards international customers popular searches about bto: the bto story top 100 deals press room join our newsletter privacy policy faqs contact us we sponsor: butler brothers helpful links: motocross gear motocross clothing