来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121227225627/http://www.btosports.com/cs/terms
================================================================================

terms and conditions - bto sports home track your order bto news shipping info contact us gift cards account login username: password: create new account dirt street atv casual snow mtb/bmx clearance oem parts 0 items $0.00 view cart checkout 100% ac racing acerbis afx helmets agv air cell racing akrapovic exhaust alias allsport dynamics alpinestars ancra answer applied racing arai helmets arc levers arctiva asterisk asv athena atlas axo baffin technology ballistic performance barnett bbr bel ray bell helmets big gun bikachik bikemaster billy who blur optics bolt boyesen braking brembo bridgestone bto sports buchanan c.i.a. camelbak casual contour camera's cp carrillo cruz tools cv4 cyber cycra cylinder works d.i.d. dc shoe co. deft family del west valves deltran deuter hydration packs devol dio vonti dirt skins dragon optics drift hd camera dt1 filters dubach racing dubya dunlop dvs shoes ebc ek chains eks-brand enjoy manufacturing epic camera evs excel faast company faction mx factory connection factory effex factory r&d fastway fenderbench filtron flu designs fluidyne fly racing fmf focus apparel forma four twelve fox g-max g2 ergonomics gaerne galfer get go pro hero camera haber vision hammerhead hardline helix hinson hjc hmk honda racing casual hot cams hot rods ims ishock jardine je pistons jett joe gibbs racing jt racing k&n kg clutch factory kite klim kyb genuine parts leatt brace leo vince lightspeed liquid image lockstraps tie-downs m2r helmets magura marzocchi matrix racing maxflash memory cards maxima mechanix wear merge racing metal mulisha metro racing michelin monster moose racing motion pro moto cinch moto hose moto tassinari moto-gate motocomm motoworks exhaust mrc radiators msr n-style new ray toys nitro helmets no-toil nuetech o'neal oakley odi grips ogio omega one industries otb clothing co. pc racing pirelli tires pivot works pivotpegz podium feet pro circuit pro grip pro moto billet pro taper qtm r&d racing products race tech rad manufacturing red bull renthal replay xd camera rg3 ride engineering risk racing rk chains rockhard rockstar rugged radio scorpion scott scotts perf. sdg sedona tires shift shock doctor shock sox shoei sidi boots sik 50's sixsixone skullcandy slime smith smooth sparx helmets spy stellar mx stompgrip storm strider bikes sunline sunstar suomy t.m. designworks tag metals talon tcr wheels thor throttle jockey tmv motorcycle parts tokyomods toolseat torc1 torco trail tech triple 9 optics troy lee designs twin air filters two brothers racing uclear helmet communicator ufo plastics uk pro ultimate mx hauler universal utopia v-force vance & hines vanquish vemar helmets vholdr hd camera virus volcom vonzipper vortex we all ride wilco suv cam wiseco works connection yoshimura zap technix zero 7 shop by categories dirt bike parts body brakes cables & accessories chemicals controls drive electrical engine exhausts 2-stroke exhausts 4-stroke graphics & seat covers intake | fuel | air jgrmx parts plastics suspension 2012 weekly specials holiday shopping ideas | specials apparel (adult) combo packages gloves jackets jerseys pants | shorts socks apparel (kids) boots & socks casual gear combos gloves goggles helmets jerseys pants protection strider bikes apparel (women's) boots & socks casual gear combos gloves helmets & protection jerseys pants support audio-video audio video boots boots socks brand 100% ac racing acerbis afx helmets agv air cell racing akrapovic exhaust alias allsport dynamics alpinestars ancra answer applied racing arai helmets arc levers arctiva asterisk asv athena atlas axo baffin technology ballistic performance barnett bbr bel ray bell helmets big gun bikachik bikemaster billy who blur optics bolt boyesen braking brembo bridgestone bto sports buchanan c.i.a. camelbak casual contour camera's cp carrillo cruz tools cv4 cyber cycra cylinder works d.i.d. dc shoe co. deft family del west valves deltran deuter hydration packs devol dio vonti dirt skins dragon optics drift hd camera dt1 filters dubach racing dubya dunlop dvs shoes ebc ek chains eks-brand enjoy manufacturing epic camera evs excel faast company faction mx factory connection factory effex factory r&d fastway fenderbench filtron flu designs fluidyne fly racing fmf focus apparel forma four twelve fox g-max g2 ergonomics gaerne galfer get go pro hero camera haber vision hammerhead hardline helix hinson hjc hmk honda racing casual hot cams hot rods ims ishock jardine je pistons jett joe gibbs racing jt racing k&n kg clutch factory kite klim kyb genuine parts leatt brace leo vince lightspeed liquid image lockstraps tie-downs m2r helmets magura marzocchi matrix racing maxflash memory cards maxima mechanix wear merge racing metal mulisha metro racing michelin monster moose racing motion pro moto cinch moto hose moto tassinari moto-gate motocomm motoworks exhaust mrc radiators msr n-style new ray toys nitro helmets no-toil nuetech o'neal oakley odi grips ogio omega one industries otb clothing co. pc racing pirelli tires pivot works pivotpegz podium feet pro circuit pro grip pro moto billet pro taper qtm r&d racing products race tech rad manufacturing red bull renthal replay xd camera rg3 ride engineering risk racing rk chains rockhard rockstar rugged radio scorpion scott scotts perf. sdg sedona tires shift shock doctor shock sox shoei sidi boots sik 50's sixsixone skullcandy slime smith smooth sparx helmets spy stellar mx stompgrip storm strider bikes sunline sunstar suomy t.m. designworks tag metals talon tcr wheels thor throttle jockey tmv motorcycle parts tokyomods toolseat torc1 torco trail tech triple 9 optics troy lee designs twin air filters two brothers racing uclear helmet communicator ufo plastics uk pro ultimate mx hauler universal utopia v-force vance & hines vanquish vemar helmets vholdr hd camera virus volcom vonzipper vortex we all ride wilco suv cam wiseco works connection yoshimura zap technix zero 7 casual wear backpacks footwear hats & beanies hoodies | jackets | wovens licensed apparel | factory casual pajamas pants & shorts socks summer wear sunglasses tees & shirts wallets | purses | belts | aprons clearance | sale boots casual wear dvds exhausts & hard parts gear combos gearbags & paks gloves goggles graphics & seat covers helmets jerseys pants protection dvd's dvd's gearbags | bags backpacks gearbags helmet bags other bags gift ideas | collectibles home | office | school strider bikes goggles 100% answer goggles blur goggles dragon goggles eks-brand goggles fly goggles fox goggles goggle accesories liquid image goggles msr goggles oakley goggles progrip goggles scott goggles smith goggles spy goggles thor goggles utopia goggles vonzipper goggles helmets helmet bags & accessories helmet camera's helmets hydration systems axo hydration paks camelbak hydration paks deuter hydration packs fly hydration paks fox hydration paks inner cooler klim hydration paks leatt hydration ogio hydration paks scott hydration paks thor hydration paks mini parts klx | dr-z110 parts ttr50 parts xr | crf50 parts mtb | bmx 2012 weekly specials bicycle parts bicycle tools footwear gloves goggles helmets hydration jerseys | jackets mid | base layer mtb | bmx dvd's pants | shorts protective gear strider bikes womens gear protective gear belts chest protectors elbow guards knee braces knee guards mouthpieces neck support support | base layers wrist | ankle support snow | cold weather 2012 weekly specials bags casual wear footwear gloves goggles hard parts | accessories helmets jackets mid | base layer pants | bibs protective gear tools stands | ramps floor mats moto gate ramps stands tie downs tires | rims | tubes complete wheels rims spokes & accessories tire accessories tires training wheels tubes tools bolt kits & hardware control drive electrical engine exhaust fuel & air suspension tire & wheel tool boxes & organization universal helpful information currency converter gift cards order tracking shipping info sizing charts request catalog get our newsletter coupons, sales & more email: terms & conditions return item instructions bto sports, inc. guarantees customer satisfaction. if you are not satisfied with your purchase please follow the instructions below to return the item. warranty claims:  we will assist with warranty issues; however, all warranty issues are the ultimate responsibility of the manufacturer.  we cannot be responsible for manufacturer policy and/or processing. some special order items may require a restocking fee prior to return.  please check with your sales associate.  all returns must be in new condition and include all original manufacturer's packaging.  all closeout/blowout merchandise are final and can not be returned. call 1-888-613-3393 or return the merchandise with a note in the box explaining what needs to be done.  please send the package back with a copy of the invoice and note within 30 days from the day you receive your order. requests after 30 days are at our discretion. we will be glad to refund or exchange undamaged and unused items with no restocking fee within 30 days from the date of sale.   for item exchanges: bto sports, inc. must wait to ship your product until the original item has been returned. credit card refunds are credited back to the card used for the original purchase.  always insure the package for the full retail value of the item. please return all items via ground shipping. please note: third party shippers (example ups store, fedex kinko's, mailbox etc) add charges to normal ground shipping costs. bto sports, inc. does not reimburse these charges.   please do not return any items via cod  our shipping department cannot accept cod returns.  please return item to: bto sports, inc. attn: returns # (include a copy of the original invoice and explain what you want us to do with the order) 77 duesenberg dr. #c   thousand oaks,  ca  91362 warranty informationyou are entitled to the manufacturer's limited expressed warranty, if any, that accompanies the product. bto sports makes no additional or independent warranty. all other warranties, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. bto sports shall under no circumstances be liable for special, incidental, or consequential damages including loss of profit, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages; the maximum liability for all direct damages, if any, arising out of any action shall be limited to an amount not to exceed the purchase price of the product.errors and omissionsbto sports makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information on our web site(s). however, the documents and graphics published on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. bto sports makes no representations about the suitability of the information and graphics presented on this site. all such documents and graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind.if an error is made and a product is listed at an incorrect price, bto sports shall maintain the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed at the incorrect price. if the order has been confirmed and charged to your credit card, bto sports shall immediately issue a credit in the amount of the incorrect price.note: we do not guarantee bto sports prices listed on other web sites or price engines.non-u.s. net userssales of our products must follow u.s. commerce department regulations and state department restrictions.products bto sports standard terms of saleall sales are subject to the following terms and conditions:1. customer acknowledgment.customer acknowledges agreement with these terms of sale by the placement of an order to purchase a product from bto sports.2. all sales made in california.all sales shall be deemed made in the state of california, usa, regardless of the location of the customer.the customer agrees that any dispute with bto sports arising out of the customer's purchase from bto sports shall be brought by the customer exclusively in the state or federal courts situated in the state of california; and the customer hereby agrees that such venue is appropriate and that bto sports' agreement to sell and deliver products to the customer is dependent on this provision.3. purchase price.(a) prices and promotions are listed in bto sports web site and its advertisement, and are subject to change without notice.(b) payment is due before shipment, unless credit terms have been arranged in advance with bto sports' credit department. in such case, payment terms shall be as set forth in the credit agreement.(c) bto sports collects sales and use taxes for sales made to residents of the state(s) of california. bto sports shall not be liable for handling or customs charges for shipments outside the united states.4. shipping terms.shipping terms are: f.o.b. california. bto sports will arrange payment for shipping with the carrier, but such costs are the responsibility of customer. risk of loss is upon customer once bto sports delivers the product to the carrier. delivery times are estimates only and bto sports shall not be liable for delays.5. vendor license agreements.customer agrees to abide by all license provisions or end user agreement imposed by the manufacturer or publisher.6. international.products sold by bto sports may be exported from the united states only in accordance with the export administration regulations. diversion contrary to united states law is prohibited. customer warrants and represents that it is eligible to receive products under united states law and agrees to abide by any export or re-export restrictions imposed by the manufacturer or publisher.7. limited manufacturer's warranty.(a) bto sports warrants that it has good title to the products.(b) bto sports does not warrant the performance or integrity of any product, but merely passes through to the customer whatever end-user warranty the manufacturers.(c) btosports disclaims all other warranties, express or implied by law, including merchantability and use for a particular purpose.8. limitation of liability.in no event shall bto sports be liable for special, incidental, or consequential damages, including but not limited to loss of profit or opportunity. customer's sole and exclusive remedy is stated in the manufacturer's warranty accompanying the product. in no event shall bto sports' liability exceed the repair, replacement or cost of the specific product purchased from bto sports. some states may not recognize a disclaimer or limitation of warranties and/or limitation of liability so the above disclaimers may not apply. customer may also have different and/or additional rights and remedies that vary from state to state.9. returns.returns of products are subject to btosports' current return policies, which are set forth in the advertisement, web site, and shipping statement, subject to any additional or lesser return rights adopted by the manufacturer or publisher.10. exclusive agreement.these terms of sale represent the complete and final agreement between the customer and btosports for the matters set forth herein, and shall be supplemented only by the prices, quantity, and descriptions set forth in btosports' invoice for the relevant sale. terms contained in customers' purchase orders, offers to buy, terms and conditions, and the like shall have no effect.11. general.(a) these terms of sale and any transactions made under them shall be interpreted by and be subject to the laws of the state of california.(b) in the event any section or portion of a section of these terms of sale are deemed unlawful or unenforceable, that section or portion of a section shall be stricken from the terms of sale, and the remaining terms shall continue in full force and effect.(c) btosports shall not be responsible for damages or delays resulting from acts of god, and from other actions, both governmental and otherwise, including but not limited to war, riot, seizure, and embargo.(d)these terms of sale may be modified from time to time by btosports without notice, and are current as of the date of the then current advertisement or web site. please refer to the current advertisement or web site. ordering: currency converter my account order status shipping terms & conditions size charts returns form popular brands: fox alpinestars thor monster fmf pro circuit fly racing help & info: currency converter multimedia retail store gift cards international customers popular searches bto sitemap about bto: the bto story top 100 deals press room articles join our newsletter privacy policy faqs contact us we sponsor: team bto helpful links: dirt bike gear motocross clothing motorcycle gear site directory bto sports facebook bto sports youtube bto sports twitter we accept: credit card processing