来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201224194837/https://www.btosports.com/cs/terms
================================================================================

bto sports: terms and conditions 0 close dirt back view all dirt dirt bike parts back view all dirt bike parts body brakes cables & accessories chemicals drive electrical engine exhaust 2-stroke exhausts 4-stroke graphics & seat covers intake, fuel, & air mini parts suspension tires, rims, & tubes men's riding gear back view all men's riding gear boots combo packages gloves helmets hydration systems jackets jerseys pants | shorts performance base layers protective gear socks kid's riding gear back view all kid's riding gear gear combos boots i socks gloves goggles helmets jerseys pants protection strider bikes women's riding gear back view all women's riding gear gear combos boots gloves helmets jerseys pants protective gear socks dirt bike accessories back view all dirt bike accessories audio-video dvd's gearbags i bags gift ideas i collectibles stands i ramps i tie downs motocross tools clearance back view all clearance riding gear casual wear dirt bike accessories dirt bike parts black friday i cyber monday sale street back view all street men's riding gear back view all men's riding gear boots casual gloves helmets jackets jerseys pants protection racing leathers rain wear vests women's riding gear back view all women's riding gear boots casual gloves helmets jackets pants protection rain wear vests motorcycle parts back view all motorcycle parts batteries body brakes control drive electrical engine exhaust air filters suspension tires motorcycle accessories back view all motorcycle accessories audio bolt kits cameras first aid i survival kits gift items i collectibles luggage i covers mirrors navigation security stands straps i tiedowns tire repair tools windscreens-sb clearance & sale back view all clearance sale motorcycle boots motorcycle gloves motorcycle helmets motorcycle jackets black friday i cyber monday sale eyewear atv/utv back view all atv/utv atv riding gear back view all atv riding gear men's atv riding gear women's atv riding gear atv parts & accessories back view all atv parts & accessories atv body atv drive atv electrical atv engine atv exhaust atv gearbags i bags atv gift items i collectibles atv intake i air atv suspension atv tire accessories atv tools utv parts & accessories back view all utv parts & accessories utv parts utv storage utv tires i wheels utv brands casual back view all casual kid's casual back view all kid's casual boardshorts footwear hats i beanies hoodies pajamas shorts i pants sunglasses tee's i shirts men's casual back view all men's casual backpacks boardshorts footwear summer wear & watercraft women's casual adventure back view all adventure men's adventure gear back view all men's adventure gear adventure helmets adventure boots adventure gloves adventure pants adventure base layers heated gear women's adventure gear back view all women's adventure gear adventure helmets adventure boots adventure gloves adventure jackets adventure pants adventure base layers heated gear adventure and dual sport accessories back view all adventure and dual sport accessories navigation luggage bike protection lighting tires and wheels batteries and chargers hand controls and grips cameras and mounts communications cold weather | snow accessories mtb / bmx back view all mtb / bmx bicycle parts & accessories back view all bicycle parts & accessories bicycle tools brakes chain tensioners chains i chain rings cranks i bottom bracket frames i forks groupo kits handlebars i grips headsets hydration lights locks number plates i numbers packs pedals saddles i seat posts stands i accessories stems strider bikes tires i tubes wheels i hubs men's riding gear back view all men's riding gear casual footwear gloves goggles helmets hydration i packs jerseys i jackets mid i base layer mtb i bmx casual wear pants i shorts protective gear sunglasses women's riding gear back view all women's riding gear gloves goggles helmets jersey i jackets mid i base layer pants i shorts protective gear kid's riding gear back view all kid's riding gear footwear gloves goggles helmets jersey i jackets pants i shorts protective gear clearance back view all clearance closeout riding gear back view all closeout riding gear boots gear combos gloves goggles helmets jackets pants performance base layer protective gear closeout dirt bike parts back view all closeout dirt bike parts exhausts i hard parts graphics i backgrounds closeout dirt bike accessories back view all closeout dirt bike accessories audio i video gearbags i paks stands i mats i canopies closeout casual wear back view all closeout casual wear footwear hats i beanies hoodies i sweatshirts i jackets shorts i boardshorts sunglasses tees i shirts oem parts shop by brand english my account wishlists track order contact us about us helpful links contact us my account order status shipping terms & conditions returns and exchanges size charts join our newsletter privacy policy faqs | free shipping on orders over $85! | custom jersey printing just $19.99! limited time.  free international shipping on orders over $599! 1.805.777.7601 english sign in login username / email address password forgot your password? click here login register register cart 0 brands acerbis alpinestars fly fox hinson renthal fmf troy shoei wiseco dunlop o'neal thor 100 galfer view all brands » dirt bike dirt bike parts body brakes cables & accessories controls chemicals drive electrical engine exhaust graphics & seat covers intake i fuel i air suspension tires i rims i tubes view all men's riding gear motocross boots combo packages gloves motocross goggles motocross helmets hydration systems jackets jerseys pants protective socks view all kid's riding gear boots i socks gear combos goggles helmets protection view all women's riding gear boots gear combos gloves helmets protective gear view all bellmx-9 mips tagger check me out helmet $169.95 shop dirt bike accessories audio i video nutrition tools gearbags stands i ramps i tie downs view all clearance riding gear casual wear bargain bin view all street men's riding gear boots eyewear gloves helmets jackets pants protection racing leathers rain wear vests view all women's riding gear boots gloves helmets jackets pants protection rain wear vests view all motorcycle parts batteries body brakes control drive electrical engine exhaust filters suspension tires view all motorcycle accessories audio cameras luggage i covers navigation stands tools view all scorpionexo-r1air helmet $399.95 shop clearance i sale boots gloves helmets jackets view all mtb / bmx / e-bike parts and accessories bicycle tools brakes chains i chain rings cranks i bottom bracket frames i forks handlebars i grips pedals saddles i seat posts stands i accessories stems strider bikes tires i tubes wheels i hubs view all men's footwear gloves goggles helmets hydration i packs jerseys i jackets mid i base layer pants i shorts protective gear sunglasses view all women's gloves goggles helmets jersey i jackets mid i base layer pants i shorts protective gear view all kid's footwear gloves goggles helmets jerseys i jackets pants i shorts protective gear view all 100%altectrail helmet $165.00 shop complete bicycles utv/atv utv/atv apparel men's utv/atv riding gear women's utv/atv riding gear view all utv parts i accessories utv audio utv axles utv body utv bumpers utv electrical utv exhaust utv frame-chassis utv fuel i intake utv graphics utv storage utv suspension utv tires utv wheels view all atv parts & accessories atv body atv control atv drive atv electrical atv engine atv exhaust atv gearbags i bags atv intake i air atv ramp atv suspension atv tire accessories atv tools atv parts & accessories belleliminator forced air helmet $489.95 shop adventure men's adventure gear adventure helmets adventure boots adventure gloves adventure jackets adventure pants adventure base layers heated gear view all women's adventure gear adventure helmets adventure boots adventure gloves adventure jackets adventure pants adventure base layers heated gear view all adventure and dual sport accessories navigation luggage bike protection lighting tires and wheels batteries and chargers hand controls and grips cameras and mounts communications view all cold weather | snow accessories klimdakarjacket $249.99 shop casual men's casual backpacks boardshorts footwear hats i beanies hoodies i jackets i wovens licensed apparel i factory casual pants i shorts sunglasses tees i shirts wallets i belts i accessories view all women's casual accessories backpacks dresses hats | beanies hoodies | pullovers jackets | outerwear jeans | denim pants | bottoms sunglasses sweaters tops | tees | tanks view all summer wear beach towels bikinis boardshorts shorts tank tops totes i bags waterproof cases view all kids boardshorts footwear hats | beanies hoodies pajamas shorts | pants sunglasses tee's | shirts view all 100%indy geico honda trucker hat $28.00 shop clearance riding gear boots riding gear gloves goggles helmets jackets jerseys pants performance base layer protective gear view all dirt bike parts exhausts i hard parts graphics i backgrounds view all dirt bike accessories audio i video gearbags i paks stands i mats i canopies view all casual wear footwear hats i beanies hoodies i sweatshirts i jackets shorts i boardshorts tees i shirts view all foxvue goggles 201940% off $59.95 shop bargain bin oem parts your cart is currently empty. home/ terms and conditions terms and conditions return item instructions bto sports, inc. guarantees customer satisfaction. if you are not satisfied with your purchase please follow the instructions below to return the item. warranty claims:  we will assist with warranty issues; however, all warranty issues are the ultimate responsibility of the manufacturer.  we cannot be responsible for manufacturer policy and/or processing. some special order items may require a restocking fee prior to return.  please check with your sales associate.  all returns must be in new condition and include all original manufacturer's packaging.  all closeout/blowout merchandise are final and can not be returned. call 1-888-613-3393 or return the merchandise with a note in the box explaining what needs to be done.  please send the package back with a copy of the invoice and note within 30 days from the day you receive your order. requests after 30 days are at our discretion. we will be glad to refund or exchange undamaged and unused items with no restocking fee within 30 days from the date of sale.   for item exchanges: bto sports, inc. must wait to ship your product until the original item has been returned. credit card refunds are credited back to the card used for the original purchase.  always insure the package for the full retail value of the item. please return all items via ground shipping. please note: third party shippers (example ups store, fedex kinko's, mailbox etc) add charges to normal ground shipping costs. bto sports, inc. does not reimburse these charges.   please do not return any items via cod  our shipping department cannot accept cod returns.  please return item to: bto sports, inc. attn: returns # (include a copy of the original invoice and explain what you want us to do with the order) 600 via alondracamarillo,  ca  93012 warranty informationyou are entitled to the manufacturer's limited expressed warranty, if any, that accompanies the product. bto sports makes no additional or independent warranty. all other warranties, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. bto sports shall under no circumstances be liable for special, incidental, or consequential damages including loss of profit, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages; the maximum liability for all direct damages, if any, arising out of any action shall be limited to an amount not to exceed the purchase price of the product.errors and omissionsbto sports makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information on our web site(s). however, the documents and graphics published on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. bto sports makes no representations about the suitability of the information and graphics presented on this site. all such documents and graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind.if an error is made and a product is listed at an incorrect price, bto sports shall maintain the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed at the incorrect price. if the order has been confirmed and charged to your credit card, bto sports shall immediately issue a credit in the amount of the incorrect price.note: we do not guarantee bto sports prices listed on other web sites or price engines.non-u.s. net userssales of our products must follow u.s. commerce department regulations and state department restrictions.products bto sports standard terms of saleall sales are subject to the following terms and conditions:1. customer acknowledgment.customer acknowledges agreement with these terms of sale by the placement of an order to purchase a product from bto sports.2. all sales made in california.all sales shall be deemed made in the state of california, usa, regardless of the location of the customer.the customer agrees that any dispute with bto sports arising out of the customer's purchase from bto sports shall be brought by the customer exclusively in the state or federal courts situated in the state of california; and the customer hereby agrees that such venue is appropriate and that bto sports' agreement to sell and deliver products to the customer is dependent on this provision.3. purchase price.(a) prices and promotions are listed in bto sports web site and its advertisement, and are subject to change without notice.(b) payment is due before shipment, unless credit terms have been arranged in advance with bto sports' credit department. in such case, payment terms shall be as set forth in the credit agreement.(c) bto sports collects sales and use taxes for sales made to residents of the state(s) of california. bto sports shall not be liable for handling or customs charges for shipments outside the united states.4. shipping terms.shipping terms are: f.o.b. california. bto sports will arrange payment for shipping with the carrier, but such costs are the responsibility of customer. risk of loss is upon customer once bto sports delivers the product to the carrier. delivery times are estimates only and bto sports shall not be liable for delays.5. vendor license agreements.customer agrees to abide by all license provisions or end user agreement imposed by the manufacturer or publisher.6. international.products sold by bto sports may be exported from the united states only in accordance with the export administration regulations. all prices shown on our site are in u.s. dollars by default unless otherwise noted. diversion contrary to united states law is prohibited. customer warrants and represents that it is eligible to receive products under united states law and agrees to abide by any export or re-export restrictions imposed by the manufacturer or publisher.7. limited manufacturer's warranty.(a) bto sports warrants that it has good title to the products.(b) bto sports does not warrant the performance or integrity of any product, but merely passes through to the customer whatever end-user warranty the manufacturers.(c) btosports disclaims all other warranties, express or implied by law, including merchantability and use for a particular purpose.8. limitation of liability.in no event shall bto sports be liable for special, incidental, or consequential damages, including but not limited to loss of profit or opportunity. customer's sole and exclusive remedy is stated in the manufacturer's warranty accompanying the product. in no event shall bto sports' liability exceed the repair, replacement or cost of the specific product purchased from bto sports. some states may not recognize a disclaimer or limitation of warranties and/or limitation of liability so the above disclaimers may not apply. customer may also have different and/or additional rights and remedies that vary from state to state.9. returns.returns of products are subject to btosports' current return policies, which are set forth in the advertisement, web site, and shipping statement, subject to any additional or lesser return rights adopted by the manufacturer or publisher.10. exclusive agreement.these terms of sale represent the complete and final agreement between the customer and btosports for the matters set forth herein, and shall be supplemented only by the prices, quantity, and descriptions set forth in btosports' invoice for the relevant sale. terms contained in customers' purchase orders, offers to buy, terms and conditions, and the like shall have no effect.11. general.(a) these terms of sale and any transactions made under them shall be interpreted by and be subject to the laws of the state of california.(b) in the event any section or portion of a section of these terms of sale are deemed unlawful or unenforceable, that section or portion of a section shall be stricken from the terms of sale, and the remaining terms shall continue in full force and effect.(c) btosports shall not be responsible for damages or delays resulting from acts of god, and from other actions, both governmental and otherwise, including but not limited to war, riot, seizure, and embargo.(d)these terms of sale may be modified from time to time by btosports without notice, and are current as of the date of the then current advertisement or web site. please refer to the current advertisement or web site. get the latest with our newsletter stay connected ordering currency converter my account order status shipping terms & conditions returns and exchanges size charts currency converter convert currency to: 1 u.s. dollar = $1.00 help & info multimedia retail store buy gift cards gift card balance international bto sitemap accessibility about bto the bto story top 100 deals blog join our newsletter privacy policy faqs contact us terms of use we sponsor amateur team helpful links shop dirt bike parts dirt bike gear motorcycle gear site directory affiliate program bto sports facebook bto sports youtube bto sports twitter copyright © 2020 bto sports - all rights reserved privacy policy | terms of use ride to the top filter sort ❌ english deutsch français עברית pусский اللغة العربية 中文 español português italiano 繁體中文 भारत nederlands 日本語