来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211229223019/https://www.btosports.com/cs/privacy
================================================================================

bto sports: privacy policy 0 close dirt back view all dirt dirt bike parts back view all dirt bike parts body brakes cables & accessories chemicals drive electrical engine exhaust 2-stroke exhausts 4-stroke graphics & seat covers intake, fuel, & air mini parts suspension tires, rims, & tubes men's riding gear back view all men's riding gear boots combo packages gloves helmets hydration systems jackets jerseys pants | shorts performance base layers protective gear socks kid's riding gear back view all kid's riding gear gear combos boots i socks gloves goggles helmets jerseys pants protection strider bikes women's riding gear back view all women's riding gear gear combos boots gloves helmets jerseys pants protective gear socks dirt bike accessories back view all dirt bike accessories audio-video dvd's gearbags i bags gift ideas i collectibles stands i ramps i tie downs motocross tools clearance back view all clearance riding gear casual wear dirt bike accessories dirt bike parts black friday i cyber monday sale street back view all street men's riding gear back view all men's riding gear boots casual gloves helmets jackets jerseys pants protection racing leathers rain wear vests women's riding gear back view all women's riding gear boots casual gloves helmets jackets pants protection rain wear vests motorcycle parts back view all motorcycle parts batteries body brakes control drive electrical engine exhaust air filters suspension tires motorcycle accessories back view all motorcycle accessories audio bolt kits cameras first aid i survival kits gift items i collectibles luggage i covers mirrors navigation security stands straps i tiedowns tire repair tools windscreens-sb clearance & sale back view all clearance sale motorcycle boots motorcycle gloves motorcycle helmets motorcycle jackets black friday i cyber monday sale eyewear atv/utv back view all atv/utv atv riding gear back view all atv riding gear men's atv riding gear women's atv riding gear atv parts & accessories back view all atv parts & accessories atv body atv drive atv electrical atv engine atv exhaust atv gearbags i bags atv gift items i collectibles atv intake i air atv suspension atv tire accessories atv tools utv parts & accessories back view all utv parts & accessories utv parts utv storage utv tires i wheels utv brands casual back view all casual kid's casual back view all kid's casual boardshorts footwear hats i beanies hoodies pajamas shorts i pants sunglasses tee's i shirts men's casual back view all men's casual backpacks boardshorts footwear women's casual back accessories backpacks dresses hats | beanies hoodies | pullovers jeans | denim jackets | outerwear pants | bottoms sunglasses sweaters tops | tees | tanks adventure back view all adventure men's adventure gear back view all men's adventure gear adventure helmets adventure boots adventure gloves adventure pants adventure base layers heated gear women's adventure gear back view all women's adventure gear adventure helmets adventure boots adventure gloves adventure jackets adventure pants adventure base layers heated gear adventure and dual sport accessories back view all adventure and dual sport accessories navigation luggage bike protection lighting tires and wheels batteries and chargers hand controls and grips cameras and mounts communications cold weather | snow accessories mtb / bmx back view all mtb / bmx bicycle parts & accessories back view all bicycle parts & accessories bicycle tools brakes chain tensioners chains i chain rings cranks i bottom bracket frames i forks groupo kits handlebars i grips headsets hydration lights locks number plates i numbers packs pedals saddles i seat posts stands i accessories stems strider bikes tires i tubes wheels i hubs men's riding gear back view all men's riding gear casual footwear gloves goggles helmets hydration i packs jerseys i jackets mid i base layer mtb i bmx casual wear pants i shorts protective gear sunglasses women's riding gear back view all women's riding gear gloves goggles helmets jersey i jackets mid i base layer pants i shorts protective gear kid's riding gear back view all kid's riding gear footwear gloves goggles helmets jersey i jackets pants i shorts protective gear clearance back view all clearance closeout riding gear back view all closeout riding gear boots gear combos gloves goggles helmets jackets pants performance base layer protective gear closeout dirt bike parts back view all closeout dirt bike parts exhausts i hard parts graphics i backgrounds closeout dirt bike accessories back view all closeout dirt bike accessories audio i video gearbags i paks stands i mats i canopies closeout casual wear back view all closeout casual wear footwear hats i beanies hoodies i sweatshirts i jackets shorts i boardshorts sunglasses tees i shirts oem parts shop by brand english my account wishlists track order contact us about us click here for our father's day sale & giveaway! helpful links contact us my account bto rewards order status shipping terms & conditions returns and exchanges size charts join our newsletter privacy policy faqs | free shipping on orders over $85! | custom jersey printing just $29.99! limited time. look for this icon to earn bto rewards 1.805.777.7601 english sign in login username / email address password forgot your password? click here login register register cart 0 brands acerbis alpinestars fly fox hinson renthal fmf troy shoei wiseco dunlop o'neal thor 100 galfer view all brands » dirt bike dirt bike parts body brakes cables & accessories controls chemicals drive electrical engine exhaust graphics & seat covers intake i fuel i air suspension tires i rims i tubes view all men's riding gear motocross boots combo packages gloves motocross goggles motocross helmets hydration systems jackets jerseys pants protective socks view all kid's riding gear boots i socks gear combos goggles helmets protection view all women's riding gear boots gear combos gloves helmets protective gear view all oneal2022 rider boot $125.99 shop dirt bike accessories audio i video nutrition tools gearbags stands i ramps i tie downs view all clearance riding gear casual wear bargain bin view all street men's riding gear boots eyewear gloves helmets jackets pants protection racing leathers rain wear vests view all women's riding gear boots gloves helmets jackets pants protection rain wear vests view all motorcycle parts batteries body brakes control drive electrical engine exhaust filters suspension tires view all motorcycle accessories audio cameras luggage i covers navigation stands tools view all belleliminator helmet $419.95 shop clearance i sale boots gloves helmets jackets view all mtb / bmx / e-bike parts and accessories bicycle tools brakes chains i chain rings cranks i bottom bracket frames i forks handlebars i grips pedals saddles i seat posts stands i accessories stems strider bikes tires i tubes wheels i hubs view all men's footwear gloves goggles helmets hydration i packs jerseys i jackets mid i base layer pants i shorts protective gear sunglasses view all women's gloves goggles helmets jersey i jackets mid i base layer pants i shorts protective gear view all kid's footwear gloves goggles helmets jerseys i jackets pants i shorts protective gear view all fox racingspeedframe promtb helmet $169.95 shop complete bicycles utv/atv utv/atv apparel men's utv/atv riding gear women's utv/atv riding gear view all utv parts i accessories utv audio utv axles utv body utv bumpers utv electrical utv exhaust utv frame-chassis utv fuel i intake utv graphics utv storage utv suspension utv tires utv wheels view all atv parts & accessories atv body atv control atv drive atv electrical atv engine atv exhaust atv gearbags i bags atv intake i air atv ramp atv suspension atv tire accessories atv tools atv parts & accessories 100%accuri 2atv goggles $60.00 shop adventure men's adventure gear adventure helmets adventure boots adventure gloves adventure jackets adventure pants adventure base layers heated gear view all women's adventure gear adventure helmets adventure boots adventure gloves adventure jackets adventure pants adventure base layers heated gear view all adventure and dual sport accessories navigation luggage bike protection lighting tires and wheels batteries and chargers hand controls and grips cameras and mounts communications view all cold weather | snow accessories bellmx-9 adventuremips helmet $229.95 shop casual men's casual backpacks boardshorts footwear hats i beanies hoodies i jackets i wovens licensed apparel i factory casual pants i shorts sunglasses tees i shirts wallets i belts i accessories view all women's casual accessories backpacks dresses hats | beanies hoodies | pullovers jackets | outerwear jeans | denim pants | bottoms sunglasses sweaters tops | tees | tanks view all kids boardshorts footwear hats | beanies hoodies pajamas shorts | pants sunglasses tee's | shirts view all alpinestarsride 2.0 tee $21.95 shop clearance riding gear boots riding gear gloves goggles helmets jackets jerseys pants performance base layer protective gear view all dirt bike parts exhausts i hard parts graphics i backgrounds view all dirt bike accessories audio i video gearbags i paks stands i mats i canopies view all casual wear footwear hats i beanies hoodies i sweatshirts i jackets shorts i boardshorts tees i shirts view all seven mxannex exo pants70% off $39.99 shop bargain bin $9.99 jersey prints view all oem parts your cart is currently empty. home/ privacy policy privacy policy last modified: march 30, 2021 introduction bto sports ("company" or "we") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. this policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.btosports.com (our "website ") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. this policy applies to information we collect: on this website. in e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this website. through mobile and desktop applications you download from this website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this website. when you interact with our advertising, sweepstakes and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy. it does not apply to information collected by: us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by company or any third party[ (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the website. please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our website. by accessing or using this website, you agree to this privacy policy. this policy may change from time to time (see changes to our privacy policy.)  your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. children under the age of 16 our website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. no one under age 16 may provide any personal information to or on the website. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. if you are under 16, do not [use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of its features/register on the website, make any purchases through the website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. if you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at bto sports. information we collect about you and how we collect it we collect several types of information from and about users of our website, including information: by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number (" personal information "); that is about you but individually does not identify you,; and/or about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our website and usage details. we collect this information: directly from you when you provide it to us. automatically as you navigate through the site. information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies. from third parties, for example, our business partners. information you provide to us the information we collect on or through our website may include: information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. this includes information provided at the time of registering to use our website, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. we may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our website. records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us. your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes. details of transactions you carry out through our website and of the fulfillment of your orders. you may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our website. your search queries on the website. you also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, " posted ") on public areas of the website, or transmitted to other users of the website or third parties (collectively, " user contributions "). your user contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. although [we limit access to certain pages/you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile], please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the website with whom you may choose to share your user contributions. therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your user contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. usage details, ip addresses, cookies and other technologies. as you navigate through and interact with our website, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including: details of your visits to our website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the website. information about your computer and internet connection, including your ip address, operating system and browser type. examples of some of our technologies are google analytics which has a set retention period for data you send that is associated with cookies, user identifiers, or advertising identifiers. these controls do not affect most standard reporting, which is based on aggregated data. the user and event data retention is set to 26 months. cookies helps us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to: estimate our audience size and usage patterns. store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our website according to your individual interests. speed up your searches. recognize you when you return to our website. the technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: cookies (or browser cookies). a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser, however if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website. flash cookies. certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our website. flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. for information about managing your privacy and security settings for flash cookies, see choices about how we use and disclose your information . web beacons. pages of our the website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). we do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us. third-party advertiser use of cookies and other tracking technologies. some advertisements on the website are served by third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad servers. these third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about our users. this may include information about users' behavior on this and other websites to serve them interested-based (behavioral) advertising. we do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. if you have any questions about an advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly. for information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see choices about how we use and disclose your information. how we use your information we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information: to present our website and its contents to you. to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us. to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it. to provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices. to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection. to notify you about changes to our website or any products or services we offer or provide though it. in any other way we may describe when you provide the information. for any other purpose with your consent. we may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. if you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form)/adjust your user preferences in your account profile). for more information, see choices about how we use and disclose your information. we may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria. disclosure of your information we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy: to our subsidiaries and affiliates. to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of bto sports's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by bto sports about our website users is among the assets transferred. to third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to/not opted out of these disclosures. we contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. for more information, see choices about how we use and disclose your information . to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. for example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the "e-mail a friend" feature of our website, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients. for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. with your consent. we may also disclose your personal information: to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request. to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes. if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of bto sports, our customers or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. choices about how we use and disclose your information we strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. we have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: tracking technologies and advertising. you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. to learn how you can manage your flash cookie settings, visit the flash player settings page on adobe's website. if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. disclosure of your information for third-party advertising. if you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form). you can also always opt-out by logging into the website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to [email protected] promotional offers from the company. if you do not wish to have your [e-mail address/contact information] used by the company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form) or at any other time by logging into the website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to [email protected] if we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. this opt out does not apply to information provided to the company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions. targeted advertising. if you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form). you can also always adjust your user advertising preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to [email protected] similarly, you can adjust your advertising preferences on your mobile device at the device level. for example, to adjust your advertising preferences in ios, visit settings > privacy > advertising > limit ad tracking. to adjust your advertising preferences in android, visit settings > google > ads > opt out of interest-based ads. we do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. however these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative (" nai ") on the nai's website. accessing and correcting your information you can review and change your personal information by logging into the website and visiting your account profile page. you may also send us an e-mail at [email protected] to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. if you delete your user contributions from the website, copies of your user contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other website users. proper access and use of information provided on the website, including user contributions, is governed by our terms of use . your california privacy rights california civil code section § 1798.83 permits users of our website that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please send an e-mail to [email protected] or write us at: 600 via alondra, camarillo ca 93012. data security we have implemented multiple security measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. all information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. any payment transactions will be encrypted using ssl technology. if you choose to use paypal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to paypal. paypal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the paypal website. the safety and security of your information also depends on you. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. we ask you not to share your password with anyone. unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website. any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website. changes to our privacy policy it is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the website home page. if we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the primary e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the website home page. the date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. contact information to ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: [email protected] or via our telephone number: 805-777-7601 get the latest with our newsletter stay connected ordering my account order status shipping terms & conditions returns and exchanges size charts help & info multimedia retail store buy gift cards gift card balance international bto sitemap accessibility bto rewards about bto the bto story top 100 deals blog join our newsletter privacy policy faqs contact us terms of use we sponsor amateur team helpful links shop dirt bike parts dirt bike gear motorcycle gear site directory affiliate program bto sports facebook bto sports youtube bto sports twitter copyright © 2022 bto sports - all rights reserved privacy policy | terms of use ride to the top сoupon will be deleted after 00:00