来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231030343/http://www.blendtec.com/checkout
================================================================================

blender checkout | blendtec toggle navigation blendtec shop recipes find store sign in sign out your cart ×close checkout billing details first name * last name * address * apt/suite city * state * alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming american samoa guam northern mariana islands puerto rico virgin islands zip code * country * united states canada phone * e-mail * send me recipes, tips & news! (you can unsubscribe at any time) privacy policy same as billing shipping same as billing shipping details first name * last name * address * apt/suite city * state * alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming american samoa guam northern mariana islands puerto rico virgin islands zip code * country * united states canada select a payment method credit card number * cvv * what's this? expiration date * january february march april may june july august september october november december 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 payment options i will pay for my entire order now i will use the blendtec 3 payment plan by selecting the 3 payment plan, i accept the terms and conditions and agree to pay the total order balance within 60 days plus a $15 convenience fee the blendtec 3 payment plan is only available for orders of $275 or more and with a billing address in the u.s. fake_submit my order your cart appears to be empty continue shopping it typically takes 2-4 business days for your order to be processed and shipped. prices shown are for u.s. market only. international prices are subject to additional shipping, duty, vat. additional third party brokerage fees do apply if shipping outside of the u.s. any brokerage fees applied will be billed directly to the consumer by the brokerage company. blendtec does not and cannot control these charges. see your local dealer for specific pricing. warranty service will be provided in country of purchase only. blendtec terms and conditions terms & conditions payment plan explanation terms & conditions: i agree to pay the full amount according to the card issuer agreement. for orders using the 3 easy payment plan, orders of $275 or more qualify for the 3 easy payments plan, whether they are made up of a single item or several items. you must be 18 years or older to participate. every order shipped will create its own payment plan. all products promoted at blendtec.com are eligible. at the time of shipping, we will bill your credit card for the shipment's first monthly payment (plus the total taxes and shipping costs, if any). the balance will then be billed automatically to your credit card 30 (thirty) days from the initial payment and the final payment will be 60 (sixty) days from the initial billing date. a major credit card must be used to pay for all billing amounts. easy pay purchases cannot be paid in part by means of a gift certificate or a store credit. easy payment orders will be pending credit approval. customer support may contact you if additional information is required. this 3 payment plan offer cannot be used for prior purchases or be combined with other blendtec.com promotions all items invoiced under the easy payment plan remain the property of blendtec.com until paid in full. by accepting the easy payment plan terms & conditions, you are liable for the entire amount of the purchase. in the unlikely event that your purchased items are returned, a payment plan adjustment fee, in the amount of 10% of the item price (max $100 per item), will be applied to the applicable payment plan. within the context of the easy payment plan, the returns process described above also applies to cancellations. all items invoiced under the easy payment plan remain the property of blendtec until paid in full. blendtec reserves the right to appear on your premises and take possession of said merchandise without prior consent or notice in the event of non-compliance with the 3 easy payment plan terms and conditions. default on any payments gives blendtec the right to collect the full amount and charge the credit card used at purchase for the full remaining balance. on payment due dates, 3 (three) attempts will be made to charge your credit card. if the credit card declines after the 3rd attempt, your credit card will be charged for the full remaining amount. notice of electronic disclosures this notice contains important information about how we will provide you with certain documents we may be required to give you (disclosures). in order to facilitate your relationship with us online, we will provide you with these disclosures electronically rather than by using paper. consent to electronic disclosures. by clicking "i accept" you agree that blendtec may provide you with electronic disclosures rather than paper disclosures, and you agree to not circumvent receiving any such disclosures. applicable law may entitle you to receive paper disclosures if you do not consent. if you wish to obtain a paper copy of any of the disclosures, even if you have provided consent, you can call us at 1-800-253-6383 and we will send paper copies to you at no charge. if you wish to withdraw your consent, you must do so by contacting customer service, as listed below. however, if you do not provide your consent or if you withdraw your consent, we may not provide you further services online. scope of consent. your consent to electronic disclosures covers any transactions between you and us and any disclosures related to those transactions. receipt of information. you will be deemed to have received any electronic disclosure if we display a disclosure on our website under circumstances that reasonably indicate your ability to view the disclosure or if we send a disclosure to the email address listed in your account information. you also agree to inform us promptly of any change in the information needed to contact you electronically. you may update your contact information by contacting us as listed below. hardware and software requirements. in order to access and retain electronic disclosures from blendtec, you must have: a personal computer equipped with an internet browser that has 128-bit encryption enabled internet access and a valid email account supported by software to enable you to receive email messages adobe reader installed (to download a copy of adobe reader, please go to http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep2.html sufficient electronic storage capacity to store disclosures or a printer capable of printing from your web browser and email software to print disclosures. questions about this agreement? you may contact us about this notice by calling us at 1-800-253-6383. by clicking "i accept", you indicate that you have the required computer hardware and software and that you can access electronic disclosures in the designated formats described above. acknowledgement and signature. by clicking "i accept", you indicate that you have read these terms carefully and that you electronically sign this record to indicate your agreement. privacy policy blendtec.com takes your privacy seriously and is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. because we do gather certain types of information from visitors to our sites, we have developed a privacy statement to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. this statement discloses the types of information we gather, how it is used, and how you can gain access to and edit any data that we've collected about you at any time. how we gather information from users how we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. for example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of our site or request certain features, such as brochures or when you make a purchase. like most web sites, blendtec.com also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. for example, we may log the name of your internet service provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. as we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. in certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do you may be unable to access certain portions of the site or may be asked to re-enter your user name and password, and we may not be able to customize the site's features according to your preferences . what we do with the information we collect like other web publishers, we collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. we respect your privacy and do not share your information with anyone. aggregated information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. for example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive). aggregated information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners. again, this information does not include any personally identifiable information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually. we may use personally identifiable information collected on blendtec.com to communicate with you about your registration and customization preferences; our terms of service and privacy policy; services and products offered by blendtec.com and other topics we think you might find of interest. personally identifiable information collected by blendtec.com may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of ecommerce transactions, administration of promotions, and other communications with you. certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our web hosting service for example) may access such information. we will use your information only as permitted by law. in addition, from time to time as we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. in such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. we may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases. affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements blendtec.com expects its partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. for example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a blendtec.com page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. also, through blendtec.com you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, web sites, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. blendtec.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. you should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party. while on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. for example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. other features available on our site may offer services operated by third parties and may use cookies or other technology to gather information. blendtec.com does not control the use of this technology by third parties or the resulting information, and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. children blendtec.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. if we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. if you believe blendtec.com has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below. contacting us. we can be reached by contacting: blendtec.com email:					sales@blendtec.com changes to this policy blendtec.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. please check this page periodically for changes. your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected. governing law this policy and the use of this site are governed by utah law. if a dispute arises under this policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: salt lake city, ut. any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us. if it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: salt lake city, ut, under the rules of the american arbitration association. judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so. blendtec.com is controlled, operated and administered entirely within utah. this statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. payment plan explanation: blendtec.com now offers the 3 easy payments plan option to make their customer's shopping experience simple, convenient and more affordable . the process is simple. just select the easy payment plan when you check out and your cost of purchase will be spread out over three convenient payments. this easy payment plan is available for all purchases totaling $275 or more. there are no finance charges involved. this payment plan is only available to us customers. this offer can only be used for products ordered via the blendtec.com website. the 3 payment plan will divide the total purchase price, including tax and shipping & handling, into 3 specified payments. what is cvv? company commercial blog about us career opportunities affiliates dealers media customer support use and care return policy contact us faqs resources product registration user guides privacy policy terms & conditions connect pinterest facebook you tube twitter google plus instagram company commercial blog about us career opportunities affiliates dealers media customer support use and care return policy contact us faqs resources product registration user guides privacy policy terms & conditions connect pinterest facebook you tube twitter google plus instagram © 2015 blendtec inc. all rights reserved. π www.blendtec.com:172.31.12.156