来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191221030025/https://www.blendtec.com/apps/help-center
================================================================================

blendtec icon-account icon-glass close menu main menu live chat residential see more shop all » classic series designer series pro series jars accessories refurbished mills & mixers blendfresh offers commercial see more all products » blenders dispensers & self serve jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes "close cart" enjoy fast, free shipping on any order - applied automatically at checkout residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series jars accessories refurbished mills & mixers blendfresh offers commercial all products » blenders dispensers & self serve jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes menu live chat cart search join our newsletter briefly describe your newsletter and write a quick sentence about your commitment to not spamming your subscribers. subscribe frequently asked questions jars care and maintenance what's the best way to clean my jar? if your blender has a clean cycle, just add a cup of water and a drop or two of dish soap to your jar, replace the lid, run the cycle, and rinse. if your blender does not have a clean cycle, add the same amount of water and soap, replace the lid, pulse a few times, and rinse. how do i maximize the life of my jar? you can keep your jar running smoothly with these tips and tricks:don't use your jar as a storage container or let liquids sit in the jar overnight.wash your jar or use the clean cycle immediately after use. how hot can the contents of the jar be? the maximum temperature we recommend exposing the jar to is 176°f (80°c). things get hotter as they blend, so avoid adding ingredients over 115°f (46°c). please keep in mind that boiling water is too hot for the jar and should never be poured into the jar. how much can the jars hold? wildside+ jar: 90 oz capacity jar with measurements up to 36 oz*fourside jar: 75 oz capacity jar with measurements up to 32 oz*mini wildside jar: 46 oz capacity jar with measurements up to 24 oz*twister jar: 37 oz capacity jar with measurements up to 16 oz*mini twister jar: 28 oz capacity jar with measurements up to 12 oz**we recommend that the finished blended product stays at or below this line. general why doesn't blendtec make a glass jar? two reasons: safety is our top priority. blendtec blenders are among the most powerful on the planet, and their jars have to handle high-speed impacts from very hard ingredients like frozen fruit. glass jars have the potential to shatter not only when dropped, but also during high-speed blending. blendtec's tritan copolyester jars are engineered to withstand that kind of stress. lighter is better. blendtec jars are very light and are molded for easy gripping and storage. glass jars, on the other hand, are heavier and more difficult to grip, pour, and store. what material are the jars made of? our jars are made of eastman tritan™ copolyester. how does the dull blade blend? the blade spins over 300 miles per hour, so it doesn't need to be sharp to get the job done. instead of chipping away at ice and frozen fruit with sharp edges, the large, blunt design pulverizes virtually anything. how do i load my jar properly? most blending problems can be avoided by loading your jar properly. always load your blender with liquids first, followed by soft solids like bananas or spinach, and then hard dense items like ice and frozen ingredients. always secure lid before blending. what are the differences between the fourside and wildside+ jars? the main difference between the fourside and wildside+ jars is size. the fourside jar is slightly smaller, and the wildside+ jar has a wider base and larger blade.the fourside jar has a 3" blade and a capacity of 75 oz (9.375 cups) with markings up to 32 oz (4 cups). we recommend that the finished blended product stays at or below this line. the wildside+ jar has a fifth side and is designed for larger, faster blends. it has a 4" blade and a capacity of 90 oz (11.25 cups), however, the markings are up to 36 oz (4.5 cups). we recommend that the finished blended product stays at or below this line. there are also two vertical ridges in the jar's interior that allow ingredients to hit two additional surfaces. this accelerates the blending process and makes a smoother blend. why is my jar cloudy? grinding grains, legumes, beans, rice, or nuts may result in a fogged appearance. using some greens, spices, and protein powders will also cause it to have a cloudy appearance. please note that this is a cosmetic alteration and is not covered under your jar warranty. it does not affect the performance of the jar. how do i get the stain out of my jar? fill the jar with hot water.add 1-2 teaspoons of liquid chlorine bleach. stir for 10 seconds to mix water and bleach. let mixture stand in jar for 5 minutes.empty water/bleach mixture. turn jar upside down on dish rack until dry.others have found success with:add the juice of 1 lemon, 2-3 tbsp of baking soda, and some water to jar. run on a high speed for about 10 seconds, pour the water out and scrub with a non-scratch sponge. vinegar mixed with baking soda and some water will also work. run on a high speed for about 10 seconds, pour the water out and scrub with a non-scratch sponge.add 1-2 tbsp powdered dishwasher detergent dissolved in 1-2 cups hot water, let soak for 1 hour. then, scrub with a non-scratch sponge. combine lemi shine® original with some powdered dishwasher detergent and let soak in the jar for 20 minutes. blenders & cycles quality what makes blendtec blenders the best? there are lots of things that set blendtec blenders apart. please visit this page to learn more. choosing a model which model is best for making nut butters? all of our blender models will work for making nut butters. we recommend using the twister jar as it is the best jar option when making thicker blends like nut butters. which model is best for making ice cream? all blender models are designed to make ice cream. which model is best for grinding grains, legumes, and beans? all blender models can do this. we recommend getting a separate jar for grinding since it can make your jar look foggy. which model is best for kneading dough? all blender models are designed to knead dough. the best jar to use when doing this is the wildside+ jar because it is larger and can make more dough. however, the fourside jar will work as well. which model is best for juicing whole foods? all blender models are designed to juice whole foods. general where can i find a user guide/owner's manual for my blender? you can find user guides here does the blender grind wheat and grains? yes! all blendtec blender models can to this. you can add 1-2 cups of wheat berries or other grains into your fourside jar (or 2-3 cups in your wildside+ jar). by grinding, your jar will permanently become cloudy. this is just cosmetic and will not harm or hamper your food; however, please note cosmetic alternations are not covered under your jar warranty. we suggest buying a separate jar for grains. can you make soup in a blendtec blender? yes, you can! several of our blenders have a preprogrammed "soup" or "hot" cycle. even if your model doesn't have this feature, you can blend on a high speed for 90-180 seconds. the blender itself does not have a heating element; however, the length of time, combined with the friction from the speed of the blender, heats the ingredients. if your soup isn't warm enough, blend until desired temperature is reached. *please note: the maximum temperature we recommend exposing the jar to is 176°f (80°c). things get hotter as they blend, so avoid adding ingredients over 115°f (46°c). please keep in mind that boiling water is too hot for the jar and should never be poured into the jar. what are the ascending numbers on the home screen of my blender? those numbers are a cycle count and show how many times you have used your blender. i don't have all the blend cycles that are mentioned in recipes. what should i do instead? many of our recipes were developed for the total blender classic series that has six preprogrammed blend cycles. however, we have created many blender models since then that don't have those same blend cycles. to learn how to do these cycles on your blender, please visit this page to see the blend cycles conversions. are blendtec blenders made in the usa? we engineer, design, and assemble our blenders in orem, utah, with components either manufactured in-house or sourced primarily from the usa. there are some components of the blenders that are made outside the usa, or made with foreign components or materials. due to some fairly strict requirements, those foreign components prohibit us from saying "made" or "manufactured" in the usa without providing a lot of very specific detail. you can learn more here. care and maintenance what's the best way to clean my blender base? clean your blender base with mild soap and warm water. do not use chemicals such as lysol kitchen or clorox wipes. customer service & warranty general why does the blade keep spinning, but nothing is moving around? the mixture is probably cavitating during the cycle. cavitation occurs when an air pocket forms within the mix because the mix is too cold or too solid. the blender blade then spins freely in this cavity. you can fix this by increasing the mix temperature. reducing ice, increasing liquid and/or ensuring that the frozen ingredients used in the recipe are never colder than 10°f (-12°c) will help. what information do i need when i call customer service? please have the serial number (found on bottom of blender), the jar size, and the number on the bottom of your jar ready before you call. you'll also want to keep your blender near you during the call. you can reach our customer service team at 1-800-748-5400. my blender (or jar) isn't working. what should i do? please call our customer service team at 1-800-253-6383. they are trained to troubleshoot over the phone and can help with any warranty replacement needs. have the serial number (found on the bottom of blender), the jar size, and the number on the bottom of your jar ready before you call. you'll also want to keep your blender near you during the call. you can also email them using this form. please be sure to provide the same information as above, as well as your name and the best way for them to contact you. i don't live in the united states. where can i buy a blender? we have distributors in many countries around the world. please check our international dealers page to see if there is a dealer near you/ i live in a country that has 220 electric voltage. do you have compatible models online? we do not sell models with this voltage on www.blendtec.com. however, we have distributors in many countries around the world. please contact our customer service team to find a one near you! what countries do you ship to? we ship directly to the united states and canada. we have distributors in many other countries around the world. please contact our customer service team to find one near you! who takes care of warranty work? blendtec or the store where i bought it? if you're in the us or canada, blendtec will take care of any warranty issues. please contact our customer service team for any warranty questions or needs. you can also read more about our warranty here. i bought my blender used from someone else. is it still under warranty? all us, canada and mexico blendtec warranties remain in effect from the day they were originally sold, regardless of the current owner, as long as they were originally purchased from blendtec or its authorized dealers. my blender box says it has a 10-year warranty. is that correct? yes. our professional 800 and tom dickson extreme blenders have 10-year warranties. is my jar included in the warranty? all jars included in the package you purchased are included in your warranty. any additional jars purchased separately are warrantied for three years. does this warranty apply to blenders purchased outside of the us? blenders purchased internationally are warrantied by the dealer who sold the blender. see the dealer you purchased your blender from for information about your warranty. i purchased my blender in the us, but moved out of the country. is my blender still covered? due to differences in voltage, variations in the stability of electrical power systems internationally, retail agreements, and fulfillment limitations, use of the blender and/or blender accessories outside of the us and canada is not covered under the warranty. call our customer service team at 1-800-748-5400 with more specific questions. are blenders still under warranty for foreign service personnel? yes. all terms and conditions in the original warranty are still applicable for military members serving overseas. i have a residential blender, but i use it in my business. does the warranty still apply? warranties for residential blenders are valid for residential use only. using your blender for commercial purposes voids your warranty. where can i find the warranty on commercial products? the warranties for commercial products are located here. troubleshooting i'm getting an error code. what does it mean? please see section 7: troubleshooting in your user guide. user guides can be found here. mills general what can i mill in the kitchen mill? the kitchen mill can mill the following materials that have less than 15% moisture content:wheatgreen peascornsorghum (milo)triticalepopcornbarleymilletoatsriceryekamuttefflegumesfeed/field cornoyster shells lentilschickpeassplit peassoybeansspeltquinoaamaranthbuckwheatmost types of beans, including: garbanzo, pinto, and mung what can not be milled in the kitchen mill? the kitchen mill will not mill the following materials due to stickiness, oils, and moisture content:sugar and saltall seeds, including sunflower and sesameall nuts, including almonds and peanutsdried fruit, including dates and raisinstapioca pearlscoffee beansmesquite beansflaxseedfresh or dried herbsfresh or dried spicescoconutdog food contact support your email message submit company about blendtec commercial affiliates media international dealers careers become a dealer influencer application support contact blendtec warranty commercial warranty return policy faqs resources register a product product guides use & care find a store blog © copyright 2019 blendtec privacy policy | terms & conditions *peak horsepower” (php) does not denote the operational horsepower of a blender but rather the horsepower output of a motor, including the motor’s inertial contribution, achieved in laboratory testing. in actual use, blendtec motors do not operate at the peak horsepower shown.