来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230044949/https://www.blendtec.com/
================================================================================

a superior blending experience – blendtec skip to content close menu residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series jars accessories refurbished mills & mixers blendfresh offers commercial all products » blenders dispensers & self serve jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube cart close cart due to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our supply chain, there might be delay in receiving your online order. we apologize for any inconvenience. "close" blendtec residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series jars accessories refurbished mills & mixers blendfresh offers commercial all products » blenders dispensers & self serve jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes search site navigation cart search "close (esc)" view more shop now amazon deals through december check out all of our best deals on amazon.com shop now freedom to use your imagination. every recipe, right at your fingertips. see all recipes most popular blenders save $80.00 quick shop designer 725 regular price $679.95 sale price $599.95 quick shop professional 750 $749.95 quick shop total blender classic $399.95 quick shop total blender certified refurbished $279.95 save $80.00 quick shop classic 575 certified refurbished regular price $399.95 sale price $319.95 save $100.00 quick shop designer 625 certified refurbished regular price $499.95 sale price $399.95 save $130.00 quick shop designer 725 certified refurbished regular price $679.95 sale price $549.95 save $50.00 quick shop designer 675 regular price $549.95 sale price $499.95 quick shop blendtec go fit $299.95 sold out total blender + red and orange blendfresh bundle regular price $399.95 sale price $299.95 sold out total blender + green and purple blendfresh bundle regular price $399.95 sale price $299.95 quick shop designer 625 $449.95 view all close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) designer 725 regular price $679.95 sale price $599.95 / the world's smartest blender the blendtec designer 725 boasts the most advanced blending technology ever seen features include: powerful 1800 watt motor illuminated, capacitive touch interface sound dampening base preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, salsa, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup, clean 100-speed capacitive touch slider illuminated display indicates remaining blend time smartblend technology the blendtec designer 725 is truly the blender with a brain. our exclusive smartblend technology senses and identifies potential problems that could interfere with the perfect blend-including loading errors, overheating, or air pockets - and then tells users how to fix them. 100-speed capacitive touch slider + multi-speed pulse get seamless precision speed control for 100 speeds with the slide of a finger. it even tells you which speed to use for stirring, chopping, mixing, blending, or pureeing. use multi-speed pulse for an added burst of power at any speed. preprogrammed blend cycles six preprogrammed custom cycles enable one-touch blending perfection: smoothie, salsa, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup, and clean. the designer 725 even suggests additional uses for each cycle so you know how to get the most from your blender. tap for more during any blend cycle, easily add 10 seconds with a single tap to the blend cycle icon you are currently using. so you can achieve just the consistency you're looking for. "close (esc)" close (esc) professional 750 regular price $749.95 / the ultimate custom blender the blendtec professional 750 is the perfect finishing touch to any custom kitchen. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor illuminated one-touch, push-button interface preprogrammed cycles: batters, mixed drinks, smoothie, frozen treats, whole juice, hot soup 10 speeds + pulse illuminated display indicates remaining blend time countertop or in-counter get the ultimate in customization and blending freedom. build your blender directly into your countertop to become part of your custom kitchen, or remove the blender and use it elsewhere for parties, family gatherings, and other events. one-touch blend cycles blending has never been simpler. just push a cycle button, and professional 750 does the rest, automatically speeding up, slowing down, and shutting off the motor automatically. the result? perfect blends, every time. six preprogrammed blend cycles + pulse the professional 750 offers a blend cycle for just about any recipe. use specific cycles to make anything from smoothies and fresh whole juice to cappuccinos, soups, margaritas, bread dough, sauces, dressings, and much more. "close (esc)" close (esc) total blender classic regular price $399.95 / powerful, versatile, easy to clean the total blender classic introduced all of the power and features that made blendtec the choice of professionals. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor fully sealed, push-button controls preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, batters, hot soup, whole juice, ice cream, ice crush 10 speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 8 year warranty commercial quality for years, blending professionals have used blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, and eateries around the world. the total blender classic delivers the same great results in your own home! blend cycles the total blender classic features six preprogrammed cycles: ice crush, smoothie, hot soup, ice cream, whole juice, and batters. this exclusive blend cycle technology creates the perfect blends with the touch of a button. plenty of power care to crush ice? the total blender classic has a 1560 watt motor that turns ice to snow in mere seconds. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) total blender certified refurbished regular price $279.95 / powerful, versatile, easy to clean the total blender classic introduced all of the power and features that made blendtec the choice of professionals. features include: powerful 1560 watt motorr fully sealed, push-button controls preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, batters, hot soup, whole juice, ice cream, ice crush 10 speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 3-year warranty commercial quality for years, blending professionals have used blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, and eateries around the world. the total blender classic delivers the same great results in your own home! blend cycles the total blender classic features six preprogrammed cycles: ice crush, smoothie, hot soup, ice cream, whole juice, and batters. this exclusive blend cycle technology creates the perfect blends with the touch of a button. plenty of power care to crush ice? the total blender classic has a 1560 watt motor that turns ice to snow in mere seconds. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) classic 575 certified refurbished regular price $399.95 sale price $319.95 / the ultimate all-in-one appliance commercial grade power and incredible versatility combine to bring you the blendtec classic 575, the ultimate all-in-one appliance. preprogrammed cycles make it easier than ever to create smoothies, salsas, hot soups, and more. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor touchpad interface for easy cleaning preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, clean, 60-seconds, 90-seconds 5 incremental speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 3-year warranty preprogrammed cycles duplicate your favorite restaurant’s smoothies and mixed drinks at home! the blendtec classic 575 features a preprogrammed smoothie cycle that creates the perfect smoothies every time, and the clean cycle takes the work out of cleanup. one-touch timed cycles the blendtec classic 575 offers two timed cycles that free your hands for other kitchen tasks while creating a wide range of recipes, including soups, bread dough, and ice cream. simply press the 60- or 90-second setting and let your blender do the rest. five-speed precision control + pulse the blendtec classic 575’s five manual incremental speed cycles allow you to completely customize the consistency of your blend. switch between each 50-second setting mid-cycle for the ultimate in customization, or press the pulse setting for a surge of blending power. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) designer 625 certified refurbished regular price $499.95 sale price $399.95 / high tech with fashion sense the designer 625 is engineered not only to perform—but also to fit in with your fashion sense. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor illuminated, capacitive touch interface preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup 6-speed capacitive touch slider + pulse illuminated display indicates remaining blend time illuminated touch controls an intuitive touch screen with easy to see icons makes the designer 625 more versatile and simple to use. it lights up with a single touch, shuts off automatically, and is completely flat so cleaning is as simple as a quick wipe. six-speed touch slider + pulse simply slide your finger left or right to control the motor speed for customized blending. use pulse for an added burst of power at any speed. preprogrammed blend cycles no more guesswork! four preprogrammed custom cycles enable one-touch blending perfection: smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, and hot soup. "close (esc)" close (esc) designer 725 certified refurbished regular price $679.95 sale price $549.95 / the world's smartest blender the blendtec designer 725 boasts the most advanced blending technology ever seen features include: 1800 watt motor illuminated, capacitive touch interface preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, salsa, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup, clean 100-speed capacitive touch slider illuminated display indicates remaining blend time smartblend technology the blendtec designer 725 is truly the blender with a brain. our exclusive smartblend technology senses and identifies potential problems that could interfere with the perfect blend-including loading errors, overheating, or air pockets - and then tells users how to fix them. 100-speed capacitive touch slider + multi-speed pulse get seamless precision speed control for 100 speeds with the slide of a finger. it even tells you which speed to use for stirring, chopping, mixing, blending, or pureeing. use multi-speed pulse for an added burst of power at any speed. preprogrammed blend cycles six preprogrammed custom cycles enable one-touch blending perfection: smoothie, salsa, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup, and clean. the designer 725 even suggests additional uses for each cycle so you know how to get the most from your blender. tap for more during any blend cycle, easily add 10 seconds with a single tap to the blend cycle icon you are currently using. so you can achieve just the consistency you're looking for. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) designer 675 regular price $549.95 sale price $499.95 / modern, sleek and reliable the designer series introduced the new generation of touchscreen blendtec blenders. the designer series uses all the power and performance that made blendtec the choice of blending professionals, and combined it with an amazing modern design with advanced functionality taking blendtec to a new level in performance blending. the blendtec designer series is the all-in-one appliance that replaces many standard kitchen appliances with one fast easy-to-use machine, at a fraction of the cost. it will make smoothies, fresh whole juice, ice cream, margaritas, soups, sauces, bread dough, dressings, salsas, flours and more! blending professionals have relied on blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, gyms, and restaurants around the world for producing the best, most consistent results in taste and texture. you can now enjoy the same great results in your home. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor fully sealed, easy clean led capacitive touchscreen interface preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup, clean 8 manual speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 8-year warranty preprogrammed, finely tuned blend cycles no more guesswork! the designer series features six preprogrammed custom cycles: smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup and clean. exclusive with the 675 comes the "+10" button, allowing you to add an extra ten seconds to any blend cycle with ease. our preprogrammed cycles create the perfect blends with the touch of a button. 8 manual speeds + pulse you now have total control of your blending speed literally at your fingertip with our total control slider interface. with the simple touch or sliding of your finger, you have complete control over your blending speed. select any speed or slide from left to right to increase or decrease speed. alongside the slider bar are the stop and pulse controls. wildside+ jar it’s the jar that revolutionized high-speed blending. the wildside+ jar features an extra-wide wide base and a narrow fifth “wild” side that helps create a faster, smoother blend. the wildside+ jar also features two vertical ridges on the interior walls to disrupt the blending pattern even further and accelerate the blend. the result? the fastest, smoothest blend yet. package includes: wildside+ jar latching lid the wildside jar combines with your blendtec blender to maximize blending performance. increases blending efficiency for frozen ingredients by up to 25% blunt safety blade is 80% thicker and ten times stronger than other blades patented fifth side allows for bigger, faster blends made from impact-resistant, bpa-free copolyester compatible with all blendtec consumer blenders the wildside+ is ideal for: larger blends high-volume recipes bread dough smoothies incredible 8-year warranty the designer series is backed by an 8-year warranty, the longest warranty in its class. but it’s engineered to last much longer—making it an appliance you’ll be able to love for a lifetime. specs power: 1560 watt motor interface: led capacitive touchscreen blend cycles: 5 (smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup, clean) manual control: 8-speeds pulse: yes +10 button: yes finish: molded colors: black & pomegranate dimensions width: 7" height: 15.5" depth 9.25" weight: 9.8 lbs amps: 15; volts: 110/120 warranty: 8 years "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) blendtec go fit regular price $299.95 / premium performance perfect for first-time blenders beginning a fitness journey, the blendtec fit features one-touch technology and four-button design giving you complete control. equipped with our patented go jar, making smoothies and protein shakes have never been easier! blending for first-timers with the power of a commercial-grade blender, the fit is ideal for first-time blenders ready to embark on a health and fitness journey. preprogrammed cycles make blending more hands-off than ever. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor touchpad interface for easy cleaning illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends preprogrammed cycles: 30 seconds, +10, low pulse and high pulse 2-year warranty one-touch timed cycle the blendtec fit offers a timed cycle that frees your hands for other kitchen tasks while creating a wide range of recipes. simply press the 30-second setting and let your blender do the rest. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) total blender + red and orange blendfresh bundle regular price $399.95 sale price $299.95 / powerful, versatile, easy to clean the total blender classic introduced all of the power and features that made blendtec the choice of professionals. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor fully sealed, push-button controls preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, batters, hot soup, whole juice, ice cream, ice crush 10 speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 8 year warranty blendfresh powder blendtec introduces blendfresh, a line of whole food powders to use in your blendtec. everything from glowing skin, to strong bones, cell and tissue health, healthy weight, a good heart, healthy gut and healthy aging is supported by phytonutrients. 1 tablespoon of any blendfresh fusion color adds 2,000 phytonutrients and 1 serving of fruits and vegetables.  it’s so easy to blend additional superfood micronutrients into every recipe with blendfresh! commercial quality for years, blending professionals have used blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, and eateries around the world. the total blender classic delivers the same great results in your own home! blend cycles the total blender classic features six preprogrammed cycles: ice crush, smoothie, hot soup, ice cream, whole juice, and batters. this exclusive blend cycle technology creates the perfect blends with the touch of a button. plenty of power care to crush ice? the total blender classic has a 1560 watt motor that turns ice to snow in mere seconds. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) total blender + green and purple blendfresh bundle regular price $399.95 sale price $299.95 / powerful, versatile, easy to clean the total blender classic introduced all of the power and features that made blendtec the choice of professionals. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor fully sealed, push-button controls preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, batters, hot soup, whole juice, ice cream, ice crush 10 speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 8 year warranty blendfresh powder blendtec introduces blendfresh, a line of whole food powders to use in your blendtec. everything from glowing skin, to strong bones, cell and tissue health, healthy weight, a good heart, healthy gut and healthy aging is supported by phytonutrients. 1 tablespoon of any blendfresh fusion color adds 2,000 phytonutrients and 1 serving of fruits and vegetables.  it’s so easy to blend additional superfood micronutrients into every recipe with blendfresh! commercial quality for years, blending professionals have used blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, and eateries around the world. the total blender classic delivers the same great results in your own home! blend cycles the total blender classic features six preprogrammed cycles: ice crush, smoothie, hot soup, ice cream, whole juice, and batters. this exclusive blend cycle technology creates the perfect blends with the touch of a button. plenty of power care to crush ice? the total blender classic has a 1560 watt motor that turns ice to snow in mere seconds. "close (esc)" close (esc) designer 625 regular price $449.95 / high tech with fashion sense the designer 625 is engineered not only to perform—but also to fit in with your fashion sense. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor illuminated, capacitive touch interface preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup 6-speed capacitive touch slider + pulse illuminated display indicates remaining blend time illuminated touch controls an intuitive touch screen with easy to see icons makes the designer 625 more versatile and simple to use. it lights up with a single touch, shuts off automatically, and is completely flat so cleaning is as simple as a quick wipe. six-speed touch slider + pulse simply slide your finger left or right to control the motor speed for customized blending. use pulse for an added burst of power at any speed. preprogrammed blend cycles no more guesswork! four preprogrammed custom cycles enable one-touch blending perfection: smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, and hot soup. "close (esc)" dishwasher safe blunt blade say goodbye to cut fingers and complicated cleaning methods - our jars wash just like dishes. check out our jars and accessories every accessory is compatible with your blendtec. shop accessories create memories with the 10-in-1 appliance why blendtec? limitless blending possibilities.unleash your kitchen creativity on a whim - nothing is off limits. get started with our blending 101 course by clicking a recipe below! coffee and cream need a pick-me-up? homemade cold brew, frothed milk and whipped cream. blended coffee grind grains perfect for grinding grains into bread, baked goods and specialty treats. grains to flour mixed drinks get the perfect consistency for mixed drinks and pour-overs. entertaining made easy! party drinks your lifestyle, blended. see testimonials facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube company company about blendtec commercial affiliates media international dealers careers become a dealer ambassador program support support contact blendtec warranty commercial warranty return policy faqs privacy policy resources resources blending 101 product registration product guides use & care blog blendtec's will it blend facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube amazon american express discover mastercard visa © 2020 blendtec *peak horsepower” (php) does not denote the operational horsepower of a blender but rather the horsepower output of a motor, including the motor’s inertial contribution, achieved in laboratory testing. in actual use, blendtec motors do not operate at the peak horsepower shown. previous next "close (esc)"