来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211224120050/https://www.blendtec.com/
================================================================================

a superior blending experience – blendtec skip to content close menu residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series jars accessories refurbished gift cards offers extended warranties commercial all products » blenders dispensers & self serve jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube cart close cart black friday deal - save $300 on the pro 800 - no code needed "close" blendtec residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series jars accessories refurbished gift cards offers extended warranties commercial all products » blenders dispensers & self serve jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes search site navigation cart search "close (esc)" view more shop now holiday special save $300.00 on the all-new professional 800 buy now freedom to use your imagination. every recipe, right at your fingertips. see all recipes most popular blenders save $300.00 quick shop professional 800 regular price $1,099.95 sale price $799.95 quick shop total blender classic $399.95 sold out total blender certified refurbished $279.95 sold out classic 575 certified refurbished regular price $399.95 sale price $319.95 quick shop designer 650 $449.95 quick shop designer 650 s $499.95 sold out classic 575 from $379.95 view all close (esc) close (esc) your browser does not support the video tag. your browser does not support the video tag. professional 800 regular price $1,099.95 sale price $799.95 / holiday special - save $300.00 instantly! the world's quietest blender if you are looking for the best quiet blender, the professional 800 boasts the most advanced blending technology ever seen. features include: exclusive sound enclosure—a truly silent blender ultra powerful 1800 watt motor all-new matte black jar base illuminated, capacitive touch interface preprogrammed cycles: batters, mixed drinks, smoothie, frozen treats, whole juice, and hot soup 11-speed manual touch slider + pulse illuminated display provides feedback, information, and time remaining 10 year warranty stealth technology™. the professional 800 is the quietest blender that operates at a sound level that won’t interrupt. housed in a sleek, sealed sound enclosure, it features the most advanced proprietary sound dampening and airflow innovations anywhere—proving that industrial-strength power doesn’t require industrial-strength noise. 11-speed touch slider + pulse for the ultimate precision speed control, the professional 800 features an 11-speed capacitive touch slider. users can blend to the perfect consistency simply by sliding a finger up and down the control panel. the pulse button adds a burst of high-speed blending power all while keeping the noise level at a minimum. 6 preprogrammed blend cycles six pre-programmed blend cycles are customized to blend just about any recipe—from green smoothies to margaritas to hot soups—with the touch of an icon. *not for commercial use - if used commercially, the warranty will be voided. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) total blender classic regular price $399.95 / powerful, versatile, easy to clean the total blender classic introduced all of the power and features that made blendtec the choice of professionals. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor fully sealed, push-button controls preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, batters, hot soup, whole juice, ice cream, ice crush 10 speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 2 year warranty commercial quality for years, blending professionals have used blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, and eateries around the world. the total blender classic delivers the same great results in your own home! blend cycles the total blender classic features six preprogrammed cycles: ice crush, smoothie, hot soup, ice cream, whole juice, and batters. this exclusive blend cycle technology creates the perfect blends with the touch of a button. plenty of power care to crush ice? the total blender classic has a 1560 watt motor that turns ice to snow in mere seconds. *not for commercial use - if used commercially, the warranty will be voided. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) total blender certified refurbished regular price $279.95 / powerful, versatile, easy to clean the total blender classic introduced all of the power and features that made blendtec the choice of professionals. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor fully sealed, push-button controls preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, batters, hot soup, whole juice, ice cream, ice crush 10 speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 1-year warranty commercial quality for years, blending professionals have used blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, and eateries around the world. the total blender classic delivers the same great results in your own home! blend cycles the total blender classic features six preprogrammed cycles: ice crush, smoothie, hot soup, ice cream, whole juice, and batters. this exclusive blend cycle technology creates the perfect blends with the touch of a button. plenty of power care to crush ice? the total blender classic has a 1560 watt motor that turns ice to snow in mere seconds. *not for commercial use - if used commercially, the warranty will be voided. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) classic 575 certified refurbished regular price $399.95 sale price $319.95 / the ultimate all-in-one appliance commercial grade power and incredible versatility combine to bring you the blendtec classic 575, the ultimate all-in-one appliance. preprogrammed cycles make it easier than ever to create smoothies, salsas, hot soups, and more. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor touchpad interface for easy cleaning preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, clean, 60-seconds, 90-seconds 5 incremental speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 1-year warranty preprogrammed cycles duplicate your favorite restaurant’s smoothies and mixed drinks at home! the blendtec classic 575 features a preprogrammed smoothie cycle that creates the perfect smoothies every time, and the clean cycle takes the work out of cleanup. one-touch timed cycles the blendtec classic 575 offers two timed cycles that free your hands for other kitchen tasks while creating a wide range of recipes, including soups, bread dough, and ice cream. simply press the 60- or 90-second setting and let your blender do the rest. five-speed precision control + pulse the blendtec classic 575’s five manual incremental speed cycles allow you to completely customize the consistency of your blend. switch between each 50-second setting mid-cycle for the ultimate in customization, or press the pulse setting for a surge of blending power. *not for commercial use - if used commercially, the warranty will be voided. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) designer 650 regular price $499.95 sale price $449.95 / *due to increased demand for this product, shipping of your order may be temporarily delayed. sleek, sophisticated & so powerful the designer series introduced the new generation of touchscreen blendtec blenders. the designer series uses all the power and performance that made blendtec the choice of blending professionals, and combined it with an amazing modern design with advanced functionality taking blendtec to a new level in performance blending. the blendtec designer series is the all-in-one appliance that replaces many standard kitchen appliances with one fast easy-to-use machine, at a fraction of the cost. it will make smoothies, fresh whole juice, ice cream, margaritas, soups, sauces, bread dough, dressings, salsas, flours and more! blending professionals have relied on blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, gyms, and restaurants around the world for producing the best, most consistent results in taste and texture. you can now enjoy the same great results in your home. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor fully sealed, easy clean capacitive touchscreen interface preprogrammed cycles: sauces & batters, ice crush & margarita, smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup & fondues 8 manual speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 8-year warranty pre-programmed fine tuned blend cycles no more guesswork! the designer series features six preprogrammed custom cycles: batters, ice crush, smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup. this exclusive blend cycle technology creates the perfect blends with the touch of a button. 8 manual speeds + pulse you now have total control of your blending speed literally at your fingertip with our total control slider interface. with the simple touch or sliding of your finger, you have complete control over your blending speed. select any speed or slide from left to right to increase or decrease speed. alongside the slider bar are the stop and pulse controls. wildside+ jar it’s the jar that revolutionized high-speed blending. the wildside+ jar features an extra-wide wide base and a narrow fifth “wild” side that helps create a faster, smoother blend. the wildside+ jar also features two vertical ridges on the interior walls to disrupt the blending pattern even further and accelerate the blend. the result? the fastest, smoothest blend yet. package includes: wildside+ jar vented gripper lid the wildside jar combines with your blendtec blender to maximize blending performance. increases blending efficiency for frozen ingredients by up to 25% blunt safety blade is 80% thicker and ten times stronger than other blades patented fifth side allows for bigger, faster blends made from impact-resistant, bpa-free copolyester compatible with all blendtec consumer blenders the wildside+ is ideal for: larger blends high-volume recipes bread dough smoothies incredible 8-year warranty the designer series is backed by an 8-year warranty, the longest warranty in its class. but it’s engineered to last much longer—making it an appliance you’ll be able to love for a lifetime. interface: capacitive touchscreen blend cycles: 6 (batters, ice crush, smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup) manual control: 8-speeds pulse: yes finish: molded colors: black & red dimensions width: 7" height: 15.5" depth 9.25" weight: 9.8 lbs amps: 15; volts: 110/120 warranty: 8 years *not for commercial use - if used commercially, the warranty will be voided. "close (esc)" close (esc) designer 650 s regular price $499.95 / sleek, sophisticated & stainless the designer series introduced the new generation of touchscreen blendtec blenders. the designer series uses all the power and performance that made blendtec the choice of blending professionals, and combined it with an amazing modern design with advanced functionality taking blendtec to a new level in performance blending. the blendtec designer series is the all-in-one appliance that replaces many standard kitchen appliances with one fast easy-to-use machine, at a fraction of the cost. it will make smoothies, fresh whole juice, ice cream, margaritas, soups, sauces, bread dough, dressings, salsas, flours and more! blending professionals have relied on blendtec machines in the best coffee shops, juice bars, gyms, and restaurants around the world for producing the best, most consistent results in taste and texture. you can now enjoy the same great results in your home. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor stainless steel blender base fully sealed, easy clean capacitive touchscreen interface preprogrammed cycles: sauces & batters, ice crush & margarita, smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup & fondues 8 manual speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 8-year warranty pre-programmed fine tuned blend cycles no more guesswork! the designer series features six preprogrammed custom cycles: batters, ice crush, smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup. this exclusive blend cycle technology creates the perfect blends with the touch of a button. 8 manual speeds + pulse you now have total control of your blending speed literally at your fingertip with our total control slider interface. with the simple touch or sliding of your finger, you have complete control over your blending speed. select any speed or slide from left to right to increase or decrease speed. alongside the slider bar are the stop and pulse controls. wildside+ jar it’s the jar that revolutionized high-speed blending. the wildside+ jar features an extra-wide wide base and a narrow fifth “wild” side that helps create a faster, smoother blend. the wildside+ jar also features two vertical ridges on the interior walls to disrupt the blending pattern even further and accelerate the blend. the result? the fastest, smoothest blend yet. package includes: wildside+ jar vented gripper lid the wildside jar combines with your blendtec blender to maximize blending performance. increases blending efficiency for frozen ingredients by up to 25% blunt safety blade is 80% thicker and ten times stronger than other blades patented fifth side allows for bigger, faster blends made from impact-resistant, bpa-free copolyester compatible with all blendtec consumer blenders the wildside+ is ideal for: larger blends high-volume recipes bread dough smoothies incredible 8-year warranty the designer series is backed by an 8-year warranty, the longest warranty in its class. but it’s engineered to last much longer—making it an appliance you’ll be able to love for a lifetime. interface: capacitive touchscreen blend cycles: 6 (batters, ice crush, smoothie, ice cream, whole juice, hot soup) manual control: 8-speeds pulse: yes finish: molded colors: black & red dimensions width: 7" height: 15.5" depth 9.25" weight: 9.8 lbs amps: 15; volts: 110/120 warranty: 8 years *not for commercial use - if used commercially, the warranty will be voided. "close (esc)" close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) close (esc) classic 575 regular price sale price $399.95 / the ultimate all-in-one appliance commercial grade power and incredible versatility combine to bring you the blendtec classic 575, the ultimate all-in-one appliance. preprogrammed cycles make it easier than ever to create smoothies, salsas, hot soups, and more. features include: powerful 1560 watt motor touchpad interface for easy cleaning preprogrammed cycles: smoothie, clean, 60-seconds, 90-seconds 5 incremental speeds + pulse illuminated lcd timer displays remaining time on blends 2 year warranty preprogrammed cycles duplicate your favorite restaurant’s smoothies and mixed drinks at home! the blendtec classic 575 features a preprogrammed smoothie cycle that creates the perfect smoothies every time, and the clean cycle takes the work out of cleanup. one-touch timed cycles the blendtec classic 575 offers two timed cycles that free your hands for other kitchen tasks while creating a wide range of recipes, including soups, bread dough, and ice cream. simply press the 60- or 90-second setting and let your blender do the rest. five-speed precision control + pulse the blendtec classic 575’s five manual incremental speed cycles allow you to completely customize the consistency of your blend. switch between each 50-second setting mid-cycle for the ultimate in customization, or press the pulse setting for a surge of blending power. *not for commercial use - if used commercially, the warranty will be voided. "close (esc)" dishwasher safe blunt blade say goodbye to cut fingers and complicated cleaning methods - our jars wash just like dishes. check out our jars and accessories every accessory is compatible with your blendtec. shop accessories create memories with the 10-in-1 appliance why blendtec? limitless blending possibilities.unleash your kitchen creativity on a whim - nothing is off limits. get started with our blending 101 course by clicking a recipe below! coffee and cream need a pick-me-up? homemade cold brew, frothed milk and whipped cream. blended coffee grind grains perfect for grinding grains into bread, baked goods and specialty treats. grains to flour mixed drinks get the perfect consistency for mixed drinks and pour-overs. entertaining made easy! party drinks your lifestyle, blended. see testimonials facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube company company about blendtec commercial affiliates media international dealers careers become a dealer ambassador program support support contact blendtec warranty commercial warranty return policy faqs privacy policy resources resources newsletter signup blending 101 product guides use & care blog blendtec's will it blend famous blendtec users facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube amazon american express discover mastercard visa © 2021 blendtec *peak horsepower” (php) does not denote the operational horsepower of a blender but rather the horsepower output of a motor, including the motor’s inertial contribution, achieved in laboratory testing. in actual use, blendtec motors do not operate at the peak horsepower shown. previous next "close (esc)"