来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231219094637/https://www.blendtec.com/pages/warranty
================================================================================

warranty – blendtec hello there, enter your email and click “start chat” to begin. start chat close skip to content close menu residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series immersion blender bundles jars accessories refurbished gift cards offers extended warranties commercial all products » blenders jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes blending 101 product guides facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube cart close cart free shipping on all blendtec products! "close" residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series immersion blender bundles jars accessories refurbished gift cards offers extended warranties commercial all products » blenders jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes blending 101 product guides search site navigation cart search "close (esc)" view more access deniedimportant! if you’re a store owner, please make sure you have customer accounts enabled in your store admin, as you have customer based locks set up with easylockdown app. enable customer accounts warranty blendtec blenders are built to last. although it’s not common, sometimes things do go wrong with our blenders. if you’re concerned that something’s not right, please reach out to our customer service department at the number below. many problems can be diagnosed and addressed over the phone. please have your blender’s serial number and a description of the problem ready when you call. failure to register your product does not diminish your warranty rights. if your problem can’t be fixed over the phone, you’ll be given instructions on where to send your unit for diagnosis and warranty determination. warranty valid for residential products in the us and canada only. limited warranty terms & conditions limited warranty: what's covered? blendtec, inc. (“blendtec”) warrants to the original purchaser of a blendtec product that such product intended for residential use will be free from defects in material and workmanship under such normal residential use from the date of purchase for the duration of the warranty period in effect for such product at the time of purchase (see schedule below). product warranty refurbished products 1 year parts/ 1 year labor fit 2 year parts/ 2 year labor classic 570 2 year parts/ 2 year labor classic 575 2 year parts/ 2 year labor total blender 2 year parts/ 2 year labor designer 625 8 year parts/ 8 year labor designer 650 (original designer) 8 year parts/ 8 year labor designer 675 8 year parts/ 8 year labor designer 700 8 year parts/ 8 year labor designer 725 8 year parts/ 8 year labor professional 750 8 year parts/ 8 year labor professional 800 10 year parts/ 10 year labor jars purchased with blender base same as accompanying blender base jars purchased seperately 3 year parts/ 3 year labor immersion blender 1 year parts/ 1 year labor products purchased from unauthorized sellers are not covered because blendtec cannot control the quality of products sold by unauthorized sellers, this warranty applies only to products that were purchased from blendtec or a blendtec authorized dealer in the united states or canada, unless otherwise prohibited by law. blendtec reserves the right to reject warranty claims from purchasers for products purchased from unauthorized sellers, including unauthorized internet sites. when you purchase products from an unauthorized seller you are taking a risk because these products may be counterfeit, used, defective, or may not be designed for use in your country. please protect yourself and your blendtec product by ensuring that you only purchase blendtec products from blendtec or a blendtec authorized dealer. if you have any questions about whether a seller is an authorized dealer of blendtec products, call us at 1-800-748-5400. please note that if you purchased a counterfeit product with a credit card, you may wish to contact your credit card company and dispute the charge. blendtec may be able to provide you with an email or letter identifying your product as a counterfeit to assist you. other exclusions from warranty this warranty does not cover any defects due to product misuse (such as use of the machine for purposes other than food preparation), abuse, alteration to the product, or negligence. additionally, damage resulting from an accident or acts of god (including, but not limited to, fires, floods, earthquakes, and other natural disasters) are not covered by this warranty. this warranty also does not cover any defects due to normal wear and tear including, but not limited to, cosmetic imperfections such as nicks, scratches, discoloration, jar pitting, and other damage that does not affect the functionality of the product. commercial use is also not covered. for avoidance of doubt, this warranty shall not apply to: any product which has been modified, tampered with, repaired, or serviced by anyone not authorized by blendtec. any product having a defect caused by exposure to abnormal or extreme conditions. any product that is used in combination with accessories other than those manufactured or endorsed by blendtec for use with the product. any product which has been damaged as a result of failure to follow the instructions, warnings, and safeguards contained in the owner’s manual / user guide for the product. product owner’s manual / user guides are available here. any product purchased or used in a country other than the united states and canada. any product that has been used for commercial purposes. please note, if your product has more than 3,000 cycles in a year, it will be presumed to have been used for commercial purposes. any product that was purchased from an unauthorized seller. remedies for certain claimed defects covered by this warranty, as determined by blendtec, blendtec will provide you with troubleshooting steps. otherwise, if a claim is made under this warranty and, after investigation by blendtec, proves to be valid, blendtec will either repair, replace, or refund the purchase price of the product, as determined by blendtec in its sole discretion. if a blendtec product, which is the same as the blendtec product or any part covered by this warranty, has been discontinued at the time of repair or replacement or if blendtec determines, in its sole discretion, that such repair or replacement is not commercially practicable or cannot be timely made, blendtec reserves the right to repair or replace such product with a product model that is similar but not exactly the same as the product model originally purchased. additionally, original colors may not be available. warranty claims any product believed to be defective as covered by this warranty may not be returned for warranty service without prior authorization from blendtec. purchasers who wish to make a warranty claim should contact blendtec’s customer service department at 1-800-748-5400 for warranty service assistance. please note that, for all warranty claims, you will be required to provide a description of any claimed defect(s), the product’s serial number, and a dated proof of purchase from blendtec or the blendtec authorized dealer from whom the product was purchased to verify warranty eligibility. blendtec reserves the right to request other information and evidence reasonably required to verify warranty eligibility and, if requested, you must permit inspection of the product by blendtec or its representatives. if you are requested to return the product, you will be responsible for costs incurred in mailing in the product. if, after investigation, blendtec honors the warranty claim, the remedy will be performance by or on behalf of blendtec in accordance with the above heading, “remedies.” limitation of liabilities united states there are no warranties which extend beyond those stated herein. any implied warranties that may be applicable to the products, including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are limited in duration to the duration of this warranty. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. under no circumstances shall blendtec be liable for any special, incidental, or consequential damages based upon breach of this warranty, breach of contract, or strict liability. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. canada to the extent that applicable law (which may include the province of quebec) prohibits the exclusion of implied warranties or conditions, the duration of any applicable implied warranty or condition is limited to the period specified for the express warranty above. some jurisdictions (which may include the province of quebec) do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. any oral or written description of the product is for the sole purpose of identifying it and shall not be construed as an express warranty. under no circumstances shall blendtec be liable for any special, incidental, or consequential damages based upon breach of this limited warranty, breach of contract, or strict liability. some jurisdictions (which may include the province of quebec) do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. where any term of this warranty is prohibited by such laws, it shall be null and void, but the remainder of the warranty shall remain in effect. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights, which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. the disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of liability under this warranty will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law (which may include the province of quebec. contact information if you would like a physical copy of this warranty, please feel free to print this webpage, call our customer service department at 1-800-748-5400, or write us at blendtec, inc., 1206 s. 1680 w., orem, ut 84058 and we’d be happy to send you a copy extended warranties extended warranties are only available for purchase on machines purchased after may 2021. your blendtec blender must still be under warranty and the original product must be registered with blendtec for the extended warranty to be valid. product extended warranty period price fit certified refurbished additional 2 years parts/labor $50.00 classic 570 certified refurbished additional 2 years parts/labor $50.00 classic 575 certified refurbished additional 2 years parts/labor $50.00 total blender certified refurbished additional 2 years parts/labor $50.00 fit additional 3 years parts/labor $75.00 fit additional 6 years parts/labor $125.00 classic 570 additional 3 years parts/labor $75.00 classic 570 additional 6 years parts/labor $125.00 classic 575 additional 3 years parts/labor $75.00 classic 575 additional 6 years parts/labor $125.00 total blender additional 3 years parts/labor $75.00 total blender additional 6 years parts/labor $125.00 looking for the chinese warranty? click here the same terms and conditions applicable to the original warranty apply to extended warranties. notice to australian customers: your goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the australian consumer law. you are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and for compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. you are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure. for international service please contact: australia: 1300 556 117 canada: 800-748-5400 france: 0-800-910346 japan: 0066-33-821731 mexico: 800-748-5400 south korea: 080-555-8800 (local) / 02-3409-2104 (overseas) spain: 34 930 155 866 taiwan: 0800-586-568 united kingdom: 44 330 133 0431 product manuals get detailed instructions and information for your specific model. get manual > shop extended warranties looking to supplement your warranty? you're in the right place. shop now > frequently asked questions q: my blender box says it has a 10-year warranty. is that correct? a: yes. our professional 800 and tom dickson extreme blenders have 10-year warranties. q: does this warranty apply to blenders purchased outside of the us? a: blenders purchased internationally are warrantied by the dealer who sold the blender. see the dealer you purchased your blender from for information about your warranty. q: are blenders still under warranty for foreign service personnel? a: yes. all terms and conditions in the original warranty are still applicable for military members serving overseas. q: i have a residential blender, but i use it in my business. does the warranty still apply? a: warranties for residential blenders are valid for residential use only. using your blender for commercial purposes voids your warranty. q: where can i find the warranty on commercial products? a: the warranties for commercial products are located here: http://www.blendtec.com/pages/commercial-support q: i bought my blender used from someone else. is it still under warranty? a: all us, canada and mexico blendtec warranties remain in effect from the day they were originally sold, regardless of the current owner, as long as they were originally purchased from blendtec or its authorized dealers. q: is my jar included in the warranty? a: all jars included in the package you purchased are included in your warranty. any additional jars purchased separately are warrantied for three years. for commercial warranties, visit http://www.blendtec.com/pages/commercial-support q: i purchased my blender in the us, but moved out of the country. is my blender still covered? a: due to differences in voltage and variations in the stability of electrical power systems internationally, retail agreements, and fulfillment limitations, use of the blender and/or blender accessories outside of the us and canada is not covered under the warranty. call our customer service team at 1-800-748-5400 with more specific questions. from the safest blade to the strongest motor, innovation from top to bottom sets blendtec apart. learn more > an american company, family-owned and driven to build the best quality products—without compromise. learn more > see our products invalid password enter facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube company company about blendtec commercial affiliates media international dealers careers become a dealer ambassador program support support contact blendtec warranty commercial warranty return policy faqs privacy policy resources resources newsletter signup blending 101 product guides use & care blog blendtec's will it blend famous blendtec users facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube amazon american express apple pay discover meta pay mastercard shop pay visa © 2023 blendtec *peak horsepower” (php) does not denote the operational horsepower of a blender but rather the horsepower output of a motor, including the motor’s inertial contribution, achieved in laboratory testing. in actual use, blendtec motors do not operate at the peak horsepower shown. previous next "close (esc)"