来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250515094206/https://www.blendtec.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – blendtec hello there, enter your email and click “start chat” to begin. start chat close skip to content close menu residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series immersion blender bundles jars accessories refurbished gift cards offers extended warranties commercial all products » blenders jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes blending 101 product guides facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube cart close cart residential shop all » classic series designer series pro series immersion blender bundles jars accessories refurbished gift cards offers extended warranties commercial all products » blenders jars & lids accessories find a dealer recipes blending 101 product guides search site navigation cart search "close (esc)" view more privacy policy help faq > register product > return policy > use & care > user guides > warranty > recipes & more subscribe to get recipes, tips & offers delivered to your inbox. subscribe customer service 1-800-748-5400 customer service hours available mon. - thurs. 8:30am - 2:00pm mst about this policy last updated: october 13, 2021 blendtec inc. (hereafter referred to as "blendtec," "blendtec.com," "we," "us" and "our," as appropriate), has created the following privacy and security policy to inform you of what information we collect, why we collect it and to whom it may be disclosed. if you are visiting our site from the eu or where applicable eu data protection laws so provide, please follow this link to review our european union (eu) general data protection regulation (gdpr) policy which includes additional rights you may exercise regarding your personal data. this privacy and security policy applies to www.blendtec.com and www.willitblend.com and all related linked pages beginning or containing those urls (hereafter referred to as the "sites"). this privacy and security policy also addresses our data security practices and the options you have to access and control personally identifiable and nonpersonally identifiable information. we may periodically make changes to this privacy and security policy. it is your responsibility to review this privacy and security policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often. this privacy and security policy supersedes any and all previous versions. entering the sites constitutes your acceptance and agreement to all terms contained in this privacy and security policy. if you do not agree with the terms set forth in this privacy and security policy, please do not enter the sites. information we collect personally identifiable information the term "personally identifiable information" means information that you voluntarily provide to us that personally identifies you; this information may include such items as your name, phone number, physical address and any other data or information that would allow someone to personally identify you. to make a purchase via our sites, we require you to supply us with personally identifiable information. please note we generally keep a copy of the personally identifiable information for our records. if you would like to review or change your personally identifiable information, you may do so by calling 801-222-0888. you may also choose not to provide personally identifiable information at the point of collection; however, you will not be able to purchase products. in some areas of the sites, you may have the ability to post or publish personally identifiable information. you should take care and avoid posting or publishing personally identifiable information that you do not wish to disclose. non-personally identifiable information the term "nonpersonally identifiable information" means information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect electronically but does not personally identify you. to make a purchase, we require you to supply us with your email address. your email address does not personally identify you but is a means for us to contact you. you may later update and modify any inaccuracies by calling (801) 222-0888. please note we generally keep a copy of your previous email address(es) for our records. you may also choose not to provide us with your email address; however, you will not be able to purchase products on the sites without an email address. whenever you visit the sites, nonpersonally identifiable information, such as navigational and clickstream data, is automatically collected and/or recorded. as you browse, we may install cookies (tiny text files stored on your computer that record your preferences) in your browser. cookies cannot harm your computer, and they do not contain any personally identifiable information. you must accept cookies to shop through the sites. you can erase or block cookies from your computer if you want to (your help screen or manual should tell you how to do this), but the sites may not work correctly or at all if you set your browser to not accept cookies. why we collect information personally identifiable information we collect personally identifiable information in order to supply you with the products or services you request, process payment, communicate with you and comply with any applicable requirements of law. non-personally identifiable information we collect nonpersonally identifiable information in order to operate, develop and improve the sites, their functionality and our products and services. we collect nonpersonally identifiable information in order to provide you with personalized recommendations for products advertised on or sold through the sites and/or on websites operated by our affiliates. nonpersonally identifiable information is collected in the aggregate to, among other things, determine the total number of users of the sites, prepare utilization reports, diagnose and correct compatibility problems or other problems with the sites and perform statistical analyses to enable us to build a higher-quality, more useful online service. we also collect nonpersonally identifiable information to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various aspects of the sites. by supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things such as user preferences, popular search categories, click-through rates, the types of offers users like to see and, in general, how to improve the functionality and relevancy of the sites. personal information of california residents under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (the “ccpa”) california residents have certain rights relating to the access, sale, disclosure and deletion of their personal information. the rights and obligations described in this section of the privacy policy are governed by the ccpa and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended. the company stores, processes and transfers your information for the purposes, in the manners and using the methods described in this privacy policy. under the ccpa, california residents have the right to request that the company disclose what personal information it collects, uses, discloses and sells. the descriptions of the categories of personal information the company collects and the third parties with whom the company may share personal information is provided in this privacy policy.  the company does not and will not sell your personal information.  the ccpa also provides a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the company for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the ccpa. the company complies with this non-discrimination right in its administration of sales and promotional programs and in its response to any request received pursuant to this provision of the company’s privacy policy. in addition to the rights described in the privacy policy, if you are a california resident, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information. these rights may include, the rights to: access your personal information; request the deletion of your personal information; and receive your personal information in a portable and readily usable format. if you wish to exercise any of the rights that you may have, please contact us by email at privacy@blendtec.com or by toll free phone at 1-800-253-6383. in order to exercise your rights, you are required to submit a request and provide in your request certain basic information about yourself which is necessary to identify your personal information and to verify your identity, including your name, email address, telephone number and mailing address. in response to your request, the company may request additional information which may be necessary to verify your identity and/or to identify any personal information that may be in the company’s possession. your failure or refusal to provide sufficient information to identify your personal information or to verify your identity will be grounds for denying your request. in the event that the company requests from you additional information to identify whether the company is in possession of your personal information or to verify your identity said request for additional information shall not be regarded as a statement as to whether the company is or is not in possession of your personal information nor shall it be regarded as a statement as to the company’s intention to fulfill or deny all or any part of your request. upon receipt of any information that the company requires to identify your personal information and to verify your identity, the company will conduct an investigation to determine if your request can be fulfilled. the company will comply with the ccpa by responding to your request within the time period proscribed by the relevant laws and regulations. disclosure of information personally identifiable information we do not sell or rent personally identifiable information to unrelated third parties. we may disclose personally identifiable information to our staff involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order and the analysis and/or support of your use of the sites. we may disclose personally identifiable information to trusted third parties with whom we contract to process your personally identifiable information for us. we may disclose personally identifiable information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders or legal process served on us or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of the sites or the public. we may disclose personally identifiable information with other companies and organizations for fraud- and credit-risk purposes. we will use commercially reasonable efforts to make you aware of the disclosure of your personally identifiable information contrary to the terms set forth in this privacy and security policy; for example, if we discover a security breach, you will be contacted. nonpersonally identifiable information we do not sell or rent nonpersonally identifiable information to unrelated third parties. however, we may share nonpersonally identifiable information with companies that are affiliated with us or who are owned by our parent company. we may disclose nonpersonally identifiable information to our staff involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order and/or the analysis and support of your use of the sites. we may disclose nonpersonally identifiable information to trusted third parties whom we have engaged to process nonpersonally identifiable information for us. we may disclose nonpersonally identifiable information, if necessary, to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders or legal process served on us or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of the sites, or the public. we may disclose nonpersonally identifiable information to third parties in order to provide you with personalized recommendations for products advertised on or sold through the sites. we disclose nonpersonally identifiable information to companies that are affiliated with us or who are owned by our parent company to provide you with personalized recommendations for products advertised on or sold through websites owned by those companies. business transfers blendtec may choose to buy or sell assets. in these types of transactions, information about customers, including personally identifiable information, as well as aggregated and anonymized data is typically one of the business assets transferred. moreover, if blendtec or one of its divisions or all of its assets or an applicable division’s assets were acquired, associated customer information would be one of the assets reviewed and transferred or acquired by a third party. you acknowledge such transfers may occur, and any acquirer of blendtec or one of its divisions may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this privacy policy. third party advertising we may engage third-party advertising companies to advertise products or services to you online. these companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. they may also use this technology to serve specialized or relevant advertising content and/or recommendations to you on the sites or on a third party's website. any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous and does not contain any personally identifiable information. if you would like more information about this practice and your choices, including how to opt out, click here protection of information we collect we offer secure webpages to collect certain kinds of user information, and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. we follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. while no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our sites reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. our servers use secure sockets layer (ssl) and encryption technology, with the objective that only we can read a customer's personally identifiable information. we employ physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of any personally identifiable information. length of time we keep information we generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it (for instance, for taxation or insurance purposes or in case orders may give rise to claims). we may alter this practice according to changing requirements. for example, we may delete some data, if needed, to free up storage space. we may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it. in addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely. third party websites the sites may contain links to third-party websites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, even if you access the websites using links from our sites. your use of these third-party websites is entirely at your own risk, and we recommend that you check the privacy and security policy of each website you visit. clicking on a third-party link will result in leaving our sites and taking you to a third party's website. we make no representation or warranty as to the effectiveness, quality, legitimacy or data protections of any third-party website. email communications from time to time, we may send noncommercial electronic mail messages to your email account. in addition, we regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order. in order to receive exclusive marketing emails, recipes, discounts, coupons and promotions sent directly to your email account, click here questions if you have a privacy question about the sites or about this privacy and security policy, please click here to contact us. address blendtec corporate headquarters1206 s. 1680 w.orem, ut 84058p: 1-800-748-5400f: (801) 224-7150h: monday – friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm (mst) shipping address blendtec corporate headquarters1206 s. 1680 w.orem, ut 84058p: 1-800-748-5400f: (801) 224-7150 we will investigate your question, respond to your inquiry, and attempt to resolve any concern regarding your privacy. facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube company company about blendtec commercial affiliates media international dealers careers become a dealer ambassador program support support contact blendtec warranty commercial warranty return policy faqs privacy policy declarations resources resources newsletter signup blending 101 product guides use & care blog blendtec's will it blend famous blendtec users facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube amazon american express apple pay discover google pay mastercard shop pay visa © 2025 blendtec *peak horsepower” (php) does not denote the operational horsepower of a blender but rather the horsepower output of a motor, including the motor’s inertial contribution, achieved in laboratory testing. in actual use, blendtec motors do not operate at the peak horsepower shown. previous next "close (esc)"