来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151201013930/http://www.austexappliance.com/terms_of_service.html
================================================================================

terms of service | aus-tex appliance brands help center about us packages contact us live chat software laundry dryers washer/dryer combinations electric dryers front load dryers gas dryers portable dryers top load dryers all dryers washers top load washers front load washers portable washers combination washer dryers all washers all laundry refrigeration refrigerators bottom mount refrigerators built-in refrigerators compact refrigerators french door refrigerators side by side refrigerators top mount refrigerators all refrigerators freezers chest freezers upright freezers all freezers specialty refrigerated drawers wine coolers all specialty all refrigeration cooking wall ovens electric oven and microwave combos electric wall ovens gas wall ovens warming drawers (electric) all wall ovens microwave ovens built in microwaves countertop microwaves over the range microwaves all microwave ovens ranges & cooktops coil ranges cooktops (electric) cooktops (gas) electric ranges freestanding smoothtop electric ranges gas ranges professional gas ranges all ranges & cooktops kitchen ventilation ducted hoods ductless hoods professional hoods convertible hoods all kitchen ventilation all cooking kitchen cleanup dishwashers built in dishwashers portable dishwashers all dishwashers sink compactors garbage disposals all sink all kitchen cleanup grilling charcoal bbqs lp gas bbqs natural gas bbqs pro style bbqs all grilling air conditioners air cooling casement / slider a/c air conditioner portable air conditioner specialty air conditioner split air conditioner wallfit air conditioner window air conditioners all air cooling air heating heaters all air heating other air dehumidifiers all other air all air conditioners furniture living room bookcases benches cabinets / consoles chairs chests living room groupsets loveseats ottomans recliners sectionals sleepers sofas tables wedges all living room furniture bedroom armoires / dressers / cabinets beds / headboards / footboards / canopy frames / rails benches chairs chests desks hutches mattresses nightstands vanity tables / mirrors all bedroom furniture home office bookcases / curios / cupboards / armoires cabinets / chests chairs desks hutches other home office furniture all home office furniture dining room benches servers / buffets / sideboards cabinets chairs hutches mirrors bar stools tables all dining room furniture outdoor furniture other outdoor products patio furniture all outdoor furniture home entertainment all media consoles and wall units home theatre seating all home entertainment furniture home accents lamps other home accents pillows rugs all home accents all furniture brands appliances by brand amana american range asko bertazzoni best range hoods big green egg blomberg appliances broan capital dacor danby dcs electrolux electrolux icon faber fagor america inc fisher & paykel franke friedrich frigidaire frigidaire commercial general electric hallman ilve jenn-air kitchenaid kobe lg liebherr lyfe tyme lynx marvel maytag napoleon bbq perlick premier samsung sharp smeg soleus speed queen summit u-line ventahood verona viking vinotemp weber whirlpool xo ventilation zephyr all available brands clearance center new: in box display model scratch & dent used project management all clearance headings privacy policy screen name and passwords purchase policy sales tax shopping cart return policy rebates product or pricing inaccuracies trademarks warranties limitations of liability indemnification force majeure assignment intended for users over 18 disputes license and site use severability headings agreement updates terms of service aus-tex appliance llc 2502 hwy 304 smithville, tx, 78957 email: ben@austexappliance.com welcome to the aus-tex appliance llc, website located at austexappliance.com (hereinafter "we", "us", "our") and thank you (any visitor to our web site) for considering our products and services. upon registration, by checking the provided check box, you hereby agree to the terms and conditions of this terms of service (hereinafter "agreement") which, along with the consideration of the mutual promises you and we make to each other, then becomes a binding contract between you and us. conflict of terms if there is a conflict or contradiction between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website. applicable laws (choice of venue and forum) use of this website shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the state/province of tx regardless of the laws that might be applicable under principles of conflicts of law. the parties agree that the tx courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all controversies arising under this agreement and agree that venue is proper in those courts. payment when you make purchases from aus-tex appliance and use your major credit card, you agree to honor the terms and conditions of your cardholder agreement. unless otherwise noted, the price includes taxes and other charges, depending on aus-tex appliance. billing information verification orders are processed only after a billing address, and other billing information, has been verified. occasionally, we receive incorrect billing or credit card account information for a purchase will be refused. all required information must coincide with respective method of payments records before transaction can be completed. back to topprivacy policy our privacy policy is located at here and is hereby incorporated into this agreement by reference. please review the privacy policy to understand our policies. back to top screen name and passwords you hereby agree that you are responsible for all actions taken under your screen name and password. please remember it is your responsibility to keep this data secure and you hereby agree that we are not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to keep your password secure. further, you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or any breach of security. back to top purchase policy our goal at austexappliance.com is to make your purchasing experience easy and efficient. if you have any questions about our purchase policies, please contact us at ben@austexappliance.com. back to top sales tax any and all sales or use tax will be your responsibility. sales tax calculations on the web site are an estimate only. your true sales tax, if applicable, will be calculated and presented to you at the time of product delivery. back to top shopping cart we maintain a pci compliant shopping cart. the payment card industry data security standard (pci dss) is a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store or transmit credit card information maintain a secure environment. when you make purchases from us using your major credit card, you agree to honor the terms and conditions of your cardholder agreement. back to top return policy clearance outlet purchases clearance outlet purchases are non-refundable. many of the units we sell in the clearance outlet are 'scratch & dent'. these units arrive out of the manufacturers’ original packaging. manufacturer warranties still apply on most units, with the exception of cosmetic damage. please read the individual listings thoroughly before making a purchase. damaged shipments all of our shipments are 100% insured. it is very important to inspect your product thoroughly before accepting and signing for your merchandise. though your box and packaging may appear intact, it is still possible that your product may be damaged. check for both internal and external damage before accepting delivery. if you notice damage to the product, refuse the package and note the damage on the bill of lading. please call our customer service department immediately at and we will issue a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. if damage issues arise after signing for the merchandise, you are responsible for filing all claims with the shipper, however many times we can assist in the claim process given that we purchase additional insurance on every shipment. therefore a thorough inspection of all packages is important before signing. defective merchandise most products that we carry include a full warranty of at least one year. if you receive an item that is defective upon delivery and is not due to shipping damages please contact customer support at within 48 hours of receipt. if your item is defective after the first use please contact the manufacturer directly. contact information for the manufacturer is included in the product literature. product does not meet your needs if you receive merchandise that does not meet your needs please call our customer service department within 48 hours of receipt. please remember that shipping and handling charges to and from our warehouse are not refundable and all returns are subject to a 25% restocking fee. we do not accept any returns on discounted outlet pieces or special order merchandise. returned products must be in brand new condition with all packaging, product literature, and blank warranty cards enclosed in the exact condition in which you received them. any product that has been installed or has attempted to be installed cannot be returned. we will not be held responsible for pricing errors or discontinued models being on our web site. we are only human, and mistakes are made from time to time. general return notes and policies • you must contact us within 48 hours of receiving your merchandise if your product is damaged or does not meet your needs. • after signing for and accepting your merchandise, you are responsible for all damage claims. however, many times we can assist in the process due to the fact that we purchase additional insurance on every shipment that goes out. • aus-tex appliance reserves the right to refuse all returns. • all returns are subject to a 25% restocking fee. • returned products will not be accepted unless they are in brand new condition with all packaging, product literature, and blank warranty cards enclosed in the exact condition in which you received them. • shipping and handling charges to and from our warehouse are not refundable. • we do not accept returns on air conditioners and some specially ordered products due to customer error. please be sure to read all specifications regarding merchandise before purchase and call us with any questions or concerns prior to placing your order. customer agrees to the terms published when they place a completed order with our company. customer authorizes their credit card company abide by these terms. aus-tex appliance reserves the right to cancel orders at anytime. sale disclosure sale does not include every brand, make, or model. please check your shopping cart for the exact discount. all sales cannot be combined with any other special offers except most mail-in rebates. sales are not combinable with any financing offer. aus-tex appliance reserves the right to revoke this offer at anytime. total qualifying price does not include shipping, installation, or delivery fees. back to top rebates we provide you every opportunity to save on your purchase. we offer rebates directly from the manufacturers and from our buying groups. most rebates and coupon offers are subject to their own terms and conditions as specified by the rebate sponsor and processor. if you have any questions on our rebates, please contact us at ben@austexappliance.com. back to top product or pricing inaccuracies while we take every precaution to insure all products and pricing are correct on our web site, mistakes do occur. should you find a mistake please contact us at ben@austexappliance.com. prices and the availability of products and our services are subject to change without notice. despite our best efforts, we will, from time to time, make pricing mistakes. we will endeavor to promptly correct any mistakes as we become aware of them. we reserve the right to revoke any offer and/or correct any error at any time, including after an order has been submitted and even in the event that your method of payment has been charged. any disputes related to pricing will be resolved at our sole and complete discretion. back to top trademarks webfronts™ is a trademark of all your retail, llc and evolution vertical llc. you understand and agree that all your retail, llc and evolution vertical, llc, merely maintains the web site for us and is not a party to this contract. back to top warranties our services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. you expressly agree that use of any service offered by us is at your sole risk. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, we disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including without limitation any warranty of merchantablity, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. we do not make any warranty that our service will meet your requirements, or that any service offered by us will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected; nor do we make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of any service offered by us or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through any service offered by us. you understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of any service offered by us is at your own discretion and risk, and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. we do not make any warranty regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained through us or from any service offered by us or any transactions entered into by use of or through any service offered by us. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us, or through any service offered by us, shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. product information and descriptions -- we attempt to be as accurate as possible. we do not warrant that product descriptions, specifications or other content of this site are error free, accurate, complete, reliable, or current. if a product offered or sold by us is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition in accordance with our return policy. back to top limitation of liability under no circumstances, including, without limitation, negligence, shall we or our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, or suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages resulting from the use or the inability to use any service offered by us, or for the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, or resulting from any goods or services purchased or obtained, or messages received, or transactions entered into by means of or through any service offered by us, or resulting from unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, or other information that is sent or received or not sent or received, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use, data, or other intangibles, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. you also agree that we shall not be responsible or liable to you, or to anyone, for the statements or conduct of any third party on or arising from use of any service offered by us. if you are dissatisfied with any service offered by us your exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of the service without refund of any kind whatsoever. back to top indemnification you hereby warrant that you will not use the information provided by us in violation of any state or federal law. further, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless, as well as holding harmless our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, and suppliers, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents, from any claim, action, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party or governmental agency arising out of or related to your use of any service offered by us or your violation of this agreement, including without limitation, claims or suits for libel, violation of rights of privacy or publicity, interference with property rights, trespass, violations of federal or state law, patent infringement or plagiarism. we may, at our sole discretion, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. the assumption of such defense or control by us, however, shall not excuse any of your indemnity obligations. back to top force majeure neither party shall be liable for delays or nonperformance of this agreement caused by strike, fire or accidents, nor shall either party be liable for delay or nonperformance caused by lack of availability of materials, fuel or utilities or for any other cause beyond its control. back to top assignment you may not assign your rights or obligations under this agreement without our prior written consent. back to top intended for users over 18 our services are available and may only be used by, individuals who are 18 years and older who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old and that all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful. you agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content. back to top disputes in the event of a dispute, you agree to attempt to resolve the dispute by contacting us at ben@austexappliance.com prior to taking any other action. failure to contact us to attempt a dispute resolution prior to taking any other action will result in a breach of this agreement by you. any resolution to your dispute will be considered by us in good faith and you agree to abide by our decision. should you seek a remedy in a court of law, it will be your responsibility to pay our legal fees. in addition, you hereby waive any right to a trial by jury in the event of any controversy or claim relating to this agreement. this agreement and your use of our web site are governed by the laws of the state of delaware, and the new castle county court of chancery of the state of delaware will have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all disputes arising out of, relating to, or concerning this agreement or any other controversy between you and us. in addition to the foregoing, in the event of any breach or violation of this agreement, we shall be entitled to enforce all of our legal remedies for the breach or wrongful activity including, but not limited to, seeking actual damages, the maximum amount of statutory damages under applicable statutes and acts, profits, treble damages, and attorneys' fees and costs. these remedies and damages are in addition to the monetary payments described above and/or any amounts otherwise due under this agreement. you understand and agree that all your retail, llc and evolution vertical llc, merely maintains the web site for us and is not a party to this contract. back to top license and site use we grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with our express written consent and the express written consent of all your retail, llc. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent of and the written consent of all your retail, llc. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any of our trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) without express written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express written consent. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by us. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to our home page so long as the link does not portray us, our affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. you may not use our logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. back to top severability if any provision, or portion thereof, of this agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law, the parties agree that such invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of the agreement and further agree to substitute for the invalid provision a valid provision which most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provisions. back to top headings the headings of this agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used to construe the meaning of this agreement. back to top agreement updates this agreement is effective as of september, 23, 2015. we reserve the right to revise this policy from time to time without prior notice. you will be notified of any material changes in our terms of service either by email or by a conspicuous posting on our web site. back to top location 2502 hwy 304 smithville tx 78957 phone: 512-444-2775 hours: mon - fri: 9:00 am to 6:00 pm saturday: 9:00 am to 3:00 pm sunday: closed store info about us contact us help center privacy policy terms of service packages clearance center view cart shop for laundry refrigerators cooking kitchen cleanup grills air conditioners furniture brands sign up for the austex e-newsletter do not fill powered by allyourretail.com. © copyright 2015 all your retail. all rights reserved.