来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171212233824/http://www.austexappliance.com/terms-of-use.php
================================================================================

terms of use agreement - aus tex appliance back to top shopping cart $0.00 item(s): 0 home contact us rebate center store hours / directions my account need help? call: (512) 444 - appl (2775) shop by category≡ cookingrefrigerationkitchen clean uplaundryair conditionersgrillsfurniturepackages shop by brand clearance center ranges electric ranges electric range accessories gas ranges gas range accessories misc range accessories ovens electric single electric double electric with microwave gas single gas double electric warming drawers cooktops electric cooktops gas cooktops hoods convertible ductless ducted professional hood accessories island mount hoods wall mount hoods microwaves microwave accessories built in countertop over the range refrigerators freestanding french door side by side top freezer bottom freezer all refrigerator - no freezer built in refrigerators bottom freezer built in french door built in no freezer built in side by side built in top freezer built in specialty refrigerators compact refrigerated drawers specialty wine coolers freezers chest freezers ice makers upright freezers refrigerator acessories refrigerator accessories dishwashers built in portable dishwasher accessories trash compactors trash compactors disposers garbage disposals washers front load traditional top load high efficiency top load portable dryers front load electric front load gas portable laundry accessories laundry pedestals stack laundry/combo commercial combination washer and dryer combination washer dryer air conditioners 9,000 - 10,500 btu air conditioner 10,501 - 12,500 btu air conditioner 12,501-15,000 btu air conditioner 15,001-19,000 btu air conditioner 19,001-24,000 btu air conditioner 24,001-29,000 btu air conditioner more than 29,000 btu air conditioner less than 5,600 btu air conditioner a/c accessories 5,700 - 7,400 btu air conditioner 7,500-8,900 btu air conditioner portable air conditioner specialty air conditioner wallfit air conditioner air cleaner split air conditioner heaters and humidifiers heaters dehumidifiers 0 - 30 pint dehumidifiers 40 pint & over dehumidifiers grills gas ranges bbq accessories charcoal bbq lp gas bbq natural gas bbq pro style bbq living room furniture sofas loveseats sectionals sleepers recliners benches ottomans wedges bedroom furniture beds / headboards / footboards / canopy frames / rails armoires / dressers / cabinets chests desks extensions mattresses nightstands vanity tables / mirrors dining room furniture tables chairs bar stools dining room groupsets servers / buffets / sideboards cabinets hutches mirrors home entertainment furniture all media consoles and wall units home theatre seating tv stand / table home office furniture bookcases / curios / cupboards / armoires mattresses pillow top tight top other mattresses euro top home accents pillows lamps clocks we stock 2500+ items in our warehouse shop online, view images, $ave money shop new in box shop used shop display models shop scratch and dent shop discount packages alfresco amana ariston bertazzoni blomberg appliances broan capital cavaliere coyote dacor danby dcs elica faber fagor america inc fhiaba fisher & paykel five star friedrich ge ge profile hallman hanover hoshizaki ilve jenn-air kamado kitchenaid lg appliances lg canada liebherr maytag perlick premier samsung sharp silhouette smeg speed queen summit true manufacturing ventahood verona vinotemp waste king whirlpool zephyr quick links home shop by brand current promotions ad and promotions discount packages clearance center current rebates current ads about us help center store hours / directions terms of use agreement read this terms of use agreement before accessing website. effective date: may 13th, 2017. this terms of use agreement sets forth the standards of use of the aus tex appliance online service. by using the aus tex appliance / http://www.austexappliance.com website you (the “customer”) agree to these terms and conditions. if you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. we reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at aus tex appliance / http://www.austexappliance.com website. your continued use of the service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the agreement and its modifications. except as provided in this paragraph, this agreement may not be amended. description of service aus tex appliance is providing customer with product and order information. customer must provide (1) all equipment necessary for their own internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for customer’s access to the internet, and (3) pay any fees relate with such connection. disclaimer of warranties. the site is provided by aus tex appliance on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, aus tex appliance makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. aus tex appliance shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this website. aus tex appliance disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable. limitation of liability aus tex appliance shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular aus tex appliance shall not be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if aus tex appliance has been advised of the possibility of such damages. some jurisdictions do not allow for the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, therefore some of the above limitations is inapplicable. indemnification customer agrees to indemnify and hold aus tex appliance, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of customer’s use of the service, the violation of this agreement, or infringement by customer, or other user of the service using customer’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity. modifications and interruption to service aus tex appliance reserves the right to modify or discontinue the service with or without notice to the customer. aus tex appliance shall not be liable to customer or any third party should aus tex appliance exercise its right to modify or discontinue the service. customer acknowledges and accepts that aus tex appliance does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control. third-party sites our website may include links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. you acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. you should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. we encourage all customers to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites. disclaimer regarding accuracy of vendor information product specifications and other information have either been provided by the vendors or collected from publicly available sources. while aus tex appliance makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website. aus tex appliance makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any vendor shall be at your own risk. pricing and specifications errors in pricing and/or product specifications may occur. we reserve the right to correct any such errors, up to and including cancelling any orders placed at an incorrect price. governing jurisdiction of the courts of tx our website is operated and provided in the state of tx. as such, we are subject to the laws of the tx, and such laws will govern this terms of use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules. we make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the tx. compliance with laws. customer assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws. customer may not use the service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. customer further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation. copyright and trademark information all content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2005-2017 http://www.austexappliance.com, with all rights reserved, or is the property of aus tex appliance and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of aus tex appliance is strictly prohibited. customers agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of aus tex appliance. aus tex appliance™ and http://www.austexappliance.com™ are proprietary marks of http://www.austexappliance.com. aus tex appliance’s trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by aus tex appliance, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits aus tex appliance. all other trademarks displayed on aus tex appliance’s website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those vendors. in addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those vendors endorse or have any affiliation with aus tex appliance. notification of claimed copyright infringement pursuant to section 512(c) of the copyright revision act, as enacted through the digital millennium copyright act, http://www.austexappliance.com designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement. by mail aus tex appliance2502 highway 304smithville, tx 78957 by telephone: (512) 444-2775 by email: sales@austexappliance.com botnets aus tex appliance retains the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and related activities. if any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, aus tex appliance reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion. other terms if any provision of this terms of use agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent. you agree that this terms of use agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by aus tex appliance, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition. this terms of use agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a customer. customer agrees that by accepting this terms of use agreement, customer is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our privacy policy statement[if applicable] located here. < > company information home about us location / store hours contact us return policy / sale terms terms of use privacy policy categories cooking refrigeration kitchen clean up laundry air conditioners grills furniture current promotions current rebates current ads visit us aus tex appliance2502 highway 304smithville, tx 78957 get directions and store hours » follow us accepted payments copyright © 2009 - 2017 aus tex appliance all rights reserved.