来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180513145527/http://www.austexappliance.com/help_center/
================================================================================

help center - aus tex appliance smithville, tx back to top shopping cart $0.00 item(s): 0 home contact us rebate center store hours / directions my account need help? call: (512) 444 - appl (2775) shop by category≡ cookingrefrigerationkitchen clean uplaundryair conditionersgrillsfurniturepackages shop by brand clearance center ranges electric ranges electric range accessories gas ranges gas range accessories misc range accessories ovens electric single electric double electric with microwave gas single gas double electric warming drawers cooktops electric cooktops gas cooktops hoods convertible ductless ducted professional hood accessories island mount hoods wall mount hoods microwaves microwave accessories built in countertop over the range refrigerators freestanding french door side by side top freezer bottom freezer all refrigerator - no freezer built in refrigerators bottom freezer built in french door built in no freezer built in side by side built in top freezer built in specialty refrigerators compact refrigerated drawers specialty wine coolers freezers chest freezers ice makers upright freezers refrigerator acessories refrigerator accessories dishwashers built in portable dishwasher accessories trash compactors trash compactors disposers garbage disposals washers front load traditional top load high efficiency top load portable dryers front load electric front load gas portable laundry accessories laundry pedestals stack laundry/combo commercial combination washer and dryer combination washer dryer air conditioners 9,000 - 10,500 btu air conditioner 10,501 - 12,500 btu air conditioner 12,501-15,000 btu air conditioner 15,001-19,000 btu air conditioner 19,001-24,000 btu air conditioner 24,001-29,000 btu air conditioner more than 29,000 btu air conditioner less than 5,600 btu air conditioner a/c accessories 5,700 - 7,400 btu air conditioner 7,500-8,900 btu air conditioner portable air conditioner specialty air conditioner wallfit air conditioner air cleaner split air conditioner heaters and humidifiers heaters dehumidifiers 0 - 30 pint dehumidifiers 40 pint & over dehumidifiers grills gas ranges bbq accessories charcoal bbq lp gas bbq natural gas bbq pro style bbq living room furniture sofas loveseats sectionals sleepers recliners benches ottomans wedges bedroom furniture beds / headboards / footboards / canopy frames / rails armoires / dressers / cabinets chests desks extensions mattresses nightstands vanity tables / mirrors dining room furniture tables chairs bar stools dining room groupsets servers / buffets / sideboards cabinets hutches mirrors home entertainment furniture all media consoles and wall units home theatre seating tv stand / table home office furniture bookcases / curios / cupboards / armoires mattresses pillow top tight top other mattresses euro top home accents pillows lamps clocks we stock 2500+ items in our warehouse shop online, view images, $ave money shop new in box shop used shop display models shop scratch and dent shop discount packages alfresco amana ariston bertazzoni blomberg appliances broan capital cavaliere coyote dacor danby dcs elica faber fagor america inc fhiaba fisher & paykel five star friedrich ge ge profile hallman hanover hoshizaki ilve jenn-air kamado kitchenaid lg appliances lg canada liebherr maytag perlick premier samsung sharp silhouette smeg speed queen summit true manufacturing ventahood verona vinotemp waste king whirlpool zephyr quick links home shop by brand current promotions ad and promotions discount packages clearance center current rebates current ads about us help center store hours / directions home / help center austex help center company information who is aus-tex appliance? aus-tex appliance is family owned and operated from our 50,000 sqft facility in rosanky, texas. we have many years of experience in the home products industry, and work hard to stay current and knowledgeable on the brands we sell. our customers are the cornerstone of the business, and it's our highest priority to serve them with their highest regard in mind at all times. are you an authorized dealer? aus-tex appliance is an authorized dealer for every brand that we offer. in addition, everything we sell carries the full manufacturers’ warranty. in today's market, it is important for consumers to have service-after-sale, which is why purchasing from an authorized dealer is so important. we have direct communication lines with both sales and service representatives who stand-by waiting to help with challenges that may arise. where are you located? aus-tex appliance operates from a 50,000sq ft facility inbastrop county. we are situated in a rural setting within the "golden triangle" just 40 miles from austin, 90 miles from san antonio, and 130 miles from houston. we ship items all over the united states from our manufacturer's strategically placed distribution centers. our address is:aus-tex appliance2502 highway 304smithville, tx 78957click for directions do you have a showroom? yes we have 50,000 sq ft showroom in texas. order information what payment methods do you accept? credit card (mastercard, visa, american express, and discover) cash aus-tex appliance preferred gecaf account (call customer service to apply) advance payment (check, money order, wire transfer) pay pal - make purchases with paypal - it's free! it enables buyers to send money online, where you can shop and pay conveniently by saving your information. it is accepted by millions of businesses worldwide and is the preferred payment method on ebay. how do i pay by check or money order? after you have placed your order, print out a copy, and mail it in with a check or money order to: aus-tex appliance113 industrial blvd #daustin, tx 78745 how do i take advantage of rebates? most of our products have the rebate forms linked. click it, print it, fill it out, and send it to the address on the form. be sure to follow all of the instructions on the form, and fill it out completely to avoid delays and disqualifications. if you have any questions, do not hesitate to call or email our customer service team -sales@austexappliance.com what are my shopping options? log in: www.austexappliance.comcongested roadways, high gas prices, and limited selections make shopping at your local stores more and more difficult. however, comparing thousands of products from the comfort of your own environment make e-commerce a great alternative. we bring our showroom to you. enjoy! call in: 512-444-2775have questions about the products you are interested in? feel free to call our sales staff anytime during business hours, and we'll be happy to guide you through the process. in addition, if you are purchasing in bulk, special pricing is available by calling or get quote (link this to the get quote page). walk-in: austin showroomfeel free to come see us anytime. we work six days a week to bring the products you're looking for. in addition, you'll be impressed by our 50,000 sq ft showroom filled with hundreds of great deals on special closeout units. delivery how much is delivery? orders $0-$199 = 10% flat rate fee.orders $200-$999 = $99 flat rate fee.orders $1000+ = free shipping shipping includes ltl freight carrier + liftgate service.installation services available upon request. please call for quote. what are your delivery options? local deliveries in austin metro area will be completed byaus-tex appliance. if installation services are purchased, many times our own staff will complete the job. however, if we are overbooked we may contract out the installation service to other local providers. the majority of our non-local shipments are completed by ltl freight carrier. they will pick up from our warehouse or one of our manufacturer's distribution centers. we will send tracking information once the item has shipped. we pay the extra fee for full coverage insurance on all of our shipments. liftgate service is included on all of our shipments. in most cases, the carrier will bring the item into your garage. on rare occasions where a garage is not accessible, they will deliver the unit curbside. for liability reasons, the carrier will not enter the threshhold of your home. it is the customer's responsibility to fully inspect the items at the time of delivery. any damage must be noted on the bill of lading prior to signing for the item. if damage is substantial, simply refuse the shipment and a new one will be sent. feel free to spend as much time as you need unpackaging the items to fully inspect, if necessary. receiving and properly inspecting items is the most critical aspect of large online shopping purchases, so please do so with care. if you have any additional questions, please contact our customer service department at 512-444-2775 or email sales@austexappliance.com . when will the merchandise ship? once orders are received, the process begins immediately. the items generally arrive with 5-10 business days. you will be notified of an eta if your items are on backorder. tracking numbers will be provided as well for your convenience. do you offer installation? installation services are available upon request. please call 512-444-2775 or email sales@austexappliance.com. where is my order? salon blue ridge is available to support you during your entire project process. we can be there from design to specification to project management, ensuring a turnkey experience. there are members of our staff dedicated to supporting you and your team by addressing your installation and product questions during all phases of your project. corporate accounts do you offer discounts for corporate orders? yes, aus-tex appliance offers special volume discounts to businesses of all sizes. we are happy to give you a quote on your project today. you are welcome to call our sales department for more details. customer support where is my order? salon blue ridge is available to support you during your entire project process. we can be there from design to specification to project management, ensuring a turnkey experience. there are members of our staff dedicated to supporting you and your team by addressing your installation and product questions during all phases of your project. what is your return policy? clearance outlet purchasesclearance outlet purchases are non-refundable. many of the units we sell in the clearance outlet are 'scratch & dent'. these units arrive out of the manufacturers’ original packaging. manufacturer warranties still apply on most units, with the exception of cosmetic damage. please read the individual listings thoroughly before making a purchase. damaged shipmentsall of our shipments are 100% insured. it is very important to inspect your product thoroughly before accepting and signing for your merchandise. though your box and packaging may appear intact, it is still possible that your product may be damaged. check for both internal and external damage before accepting delivery. if you notice damage to the product, refuse the package and note the damage on the bill of lading. please call our customer service department immediately at and we will issue a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. if damage issues arise after signing for the merchandise, you are responsible for filing all claims with the shipper, however many times we can assist in the claim process given that we purchase additional insurance on every shipment. therefore a thorough inspection of all packages is important before signing. defective merchandisemost products that we carry include a full warranty of at least one year. if you receive an item that is defective upon delivery and is not due to shipping damages please contact customer support at within 48 hours of receipt. if your item is defective after the first use please contact the manufacturer directly. contact information for the manufacturer is included in the product literature. product does not meet your needsif you receive merchandise that does not meet your needs please call our customer service department within 48 hours of receipt. please remember that shipping and handling charges to and from our warehouse are not refundable and all returns are subject to a 25% restocking fee. we do not accept any returns on discounted outlet pieces or special order merchandise. returned products must be in brand new condition with all packaging, product literature, and blank warranty cards enclosed in the exact condition in which you received them. any product that has been installed or has attempted to be installed cannot be returned. we will not be held responsible for pricing errors or discontinued models being on our web site. we are only human, and mistakes are made from time to time. general return notes and policies you must contact us within 48 hours of receiving your merchandise if your product is damaged or does not meet your needs. after signing for and accepting your merchandise, you are responsible for all damage claims. however, many times we can assist in the process due to the fact that we purchase additional insurance on every shipment that goes out. aus-tex appliance reserves the right to refuse all returns. all returns are subject to a 25% restocking fee. returned products will not be accepted unless they are in brand new condition with all packaging, product literature, and blank warranty cards enclosed in the exact condition in which you received them. shipping and handling charges to and from our warehouse are not refundable. we do not accept returns on air conditioners and some specially ordered products due to customer error. please be sure to read all specifications regarding merchandise before purchase and call us with any questions or concerns prior to placing your order. customer agrees to the terms published when they place a completed order with our company. customer authorizes their credit card company abide by these terms. aus-tex appliance reserves the right to cancel orders at anytime. sale disclosuresale does not include every brand, make, or model. please check your shopping cart for the exact discount. all sales cannot be combined with any other special offers except most mail-in rebates. sales are not combinable with any financing offer. aus-tex appliance reserves the right to revoke this offer at anytime. total qualifying price does not include shipping, installation, or delivery fees. can i cancel my order? orders may be cancelled until the items are shipped. once they are shipped you will need to refer to our return policy. please be advised that all orders once placed are subject to a $50 cancellation fee.aus-tex appliance reserves the right to void this policy at any time. *exceptions:special order - these items are non cancelable. order will be charged upon placing the order and will be considered final sale (non refundable). production information i can't find the product i'm looking for? aus-tex appliance has thousands of sku's on the web site for our customers to browse. we are constantly adding new products and updating our inventory. however, if there is something that you need that is not on our web site, there is a good chance we are still able to provide what you're looking for. please call us or simply send a message to sales@austexappliance.com does aus-tex appliance sell parts? we can order parts for you. however, we do not currently have that function on the website. please call us with a part number, and we'll provide a quote for you. or simply email your needs to sales@austexappliance.com < > company information home about us location / store hours contact us return policy / sale terms terms of use privacy policy categories cooking refrigeration kitchen clean up laundry air conditioners grills furniture current promotions current rebates current ads visit us aus tex appliance2502 highway 304smithville, tx 78957 get directions and store hours » follow us accepted payments copyright © 2009 - 2018 aus tex appliance all rights reserved.