来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101227025851/http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/shop_brands/kyb.html
================================================================================

kyb shock absorber, strut assembly, strut mount need assistance? live chat now with international shipping item(s) in cartsubtotal: $ search for: | feedback | help home auto body parts & mirrors headlights & lighting engine & drivetrain brakes, suspension & steering interior accessories exterior accessories wheels tires tools & garage gift catalog auto repairnew automd easy to use q&a diagnostic tool get fair and objective estimates for repairs search over 400,000 repair shops over 100,000 easy to use how-to guides get free auto repair advice shop by vehicle select year... select make... select model... select submodel... select engine... shop by category any category brakes, suspension & steering brake discs, pads & calipers brake discs & components brake disc home » kyb corporate profile know your vehicle news kyb corporation produces a variety of ride control, hydraulic, and electronic products for use as original equipment and replacement parts in automobiles, motorcycles, trucks, specialty vehicles, buses, aircraft, railroad cars, industrial applications, agricultural applications, and civil engineering projects. we are the largest supplier of oe shocks and struts in the world and our global headquarters are located in tokyo, japan. visit kyb america llc know your vehicle what's important to you: vehicle safety, comfort or performance? most people would say that all three are important, but at different times. a comfortable ride on a straight, smooth road without much traffic on a clear, dry day is easy. but change the conditions slightly and suddenly your priorities change. you know what i'm talking about if you've ever had to quickly dodge something in the road, fight strong winds or experienced white-knuckle driving on irregular or slippery roads. your vehicle's ability to offer the utmost driving safety, comfort & performance directly relates to its ride control design & the condition of its components. ride control is comprised of four inter-related systems: the tires, brakes, suspension and steering. each system affects the other, such as; a worn suspension component adversely affects braking, steering and tire performance. the same is true in every combination when any other ride control component is worn. shocks and struts are part of your vehicle's suspension system. technically speaking, they control coil spring oscillations. but for a better understanding of why that's important to you, consider what it would be like if excessive vehicle body weight movement affected the steering? and, what if the tires bounced more and stayed on the pavement less? that's basically what shocks and struts are designed to control. the result should be vehicle stability and maximum tire to road contact: safer, smoother and designed to keep the driver in control. the following links were created to help you understand the important role that shocks and struts are responsible for. we hope that this information helps you make good decisions about maintaining your vehicle and choosing the right replacement products. what shocks do: shocks keep your vehicle stable and you in control: the effects of worn shocks: simply put: more wear = less vehicle control when to replace your shocks: how well do you want your vehicle to perform? how to choose the right shocks: would you like to restore your vehicle's original handling and control capabilities? where to get kyb shocks and struts installed installation at a kyb certified ride control center gets you more than just great shocks kyb news / press releases kyb.com wins two awardsnovember 2009 kyb.com wins two awards kyb america was recently recognized with two automotive communications awards during last week's automotive aftermarket industry week in las vegas nv. the automotive communications awards are presented annually by the car council women's board and are supported by the automotive communication council. these awards recognize companies who best provide automotive information through various media outlets. this year, kyb america's new website www.kyb.com was recognized with the ?best website? in the business to business category and the ?best in show award,? also in the business to business category. we have worked hard and smart to create an effective, interactive website for our distribution partners and loyal service provider customer customers? commented kyb vice president, mike fiorito. being recognized by the industry for our creative efforts is certainly an honor. we will continually add new content to ensure kyb.com remains a valuable source of information." fiorito added. kyb corporation is a $3.8 billion global hydraulics manufacturer with over 8,100 employees and sells its products in over 100 countries. the company is the world's largest supplier of shocks and struts to vehicle manufacturers and has a full range of domestic and import shocks and struts for the aftermarket. for more information, log onto www.kyb.com. read more kyb adds 113 new numbers since january 1stjuly 2009 kyb continues to lead the industry in coverage for late model vehicles by introducing 113 new part numbers since the first of the year. some of these applications include, 2007-08 honda fit, 2008 mitsubishi lancer, 2007-08 dodge caliber and 2007- 08 ford edge. additionally kyb has also expanded its popular strut-plus complete corner assembly to include applications for 1997-2001 toyota camry along with several other new applications. as the world's largest supplier of shocks and struts to new vehicle manufactures we are fortunate that we have the engineering capabilities to develop and release new part numbers quickly,? commented kyb vice president mike fiorito. ?by offering our distribution partners more applications, they can meet the demands of their service provider customers and gain additional sales? fiorito went on to add. for a complete catalog inclusive of all new part numbers please visit www.kyb.com. kyb corporation is a $3.5 billion global hydraulics manufacturer with over 8,100 employees, selling their products in over 100 countries. the company is the world's largest supplier of shocks and struts to vehicle manufacturers and has a full range of domestic and import shocks and struts for the north american aftermarket. read more kyb: marketing partner of the year by federated auto partsmay 2009 kyb was recently honored as the 2008 marketing partner of the year? by federated auto parts at federated's annual meeting in tampa florida. each year, federated honors companies who achieve excellence in categories that our members feel are essential to their overall success,? said rusty bishop, ceo of federated auto parts. this year, we are honored to recognize kyb america for their outstanding performance and support in 2008.? this award is a great testament to the talents and efforts of our entire sales force. while our marketing team is constantly introducing new programs and initiatives, it is really our sales force that is on the street every single day ensuring the continued success of our customers,? commented kyb vice president mike fiorito. ?we are proud to have the opportunity to support federated auto parts.? kyb corporation is a $3.8 billion global hydraulics manufacturer with over 8,100 employees and sells its products in over 100 countries. the company is the world's largest supplier of shocks and struts to vehicle manufacturers and has a full range of domestic and import shocks and struts for the aftermarket. for more information, log onto www.kyb.com. read more shop now shop now shop now shop now shop now shop now kyb gr-2® / excel-g® restores a vehicle's originally designed handling and control calibrated to compensate for worn suspensions components and valving are designed specifically for each application the best choice to restore oe performance and normal driving conditions built with quality that matches or exceeds oe coverage for domestic and import cars, trucks, vans, minivans, and suvs kyb gas-a-just significantly increases vehicle stability, handling, and control over twin-tube designs. gas-a-just is the replacement for an oe monotube shock ideal as an upgrade from an oe twin-tube the more responsive monotube design automatically adjusts to driving conditions applications for cars, trucks, vans, and suvs kyb monomax® maximum control for trucks and suvs ? stronger, more durable truck shock the right choice for hauling, towing, or plowing the best performer on harsh road conditions perfect for diesel trucks applications for light trucks, vans, and suvs, including some lifted and lowered vehicles kyb agx® provides fast, easy, on-car damping rate changes. allows drivers to tune performance to match driving preferences perfect for high performance and sport compact drivers available for select domestic and import cars has adjustment knob or slot depending on the application kyb ultra sr these are direct oe replacements that automatically adjust suspension balance and height to keep the vehicle level in all driving conditions. just like the oe shocks, self-leveling shocks from kyb include the pump, sensor, regulator, and reservoir inside of the sealed unit. kyb strut-plus series consisting of a kyb excel-g strut, a coil spring, a bearing plate, a boot-and-bumper kit, a spring seat and an isolator. this is a complete and high quality corner unit assembly that is ready to install and does not require the use of a spring compressor. constructed especially for vehicles that are historically prone to spring fatigue; with kyb's limited 1-year warranty. shop now kyb strut-plus series consisting of a kyb excel-g strut, a coil spring, a bearing plate, a boot-and-bumper kit, a spring seat and an isolator. this is a complete and high quality corner unit assembly that is ready to install and does not require the use of a spring compressor. constructed especially for vehicles that are historically prone to spring fatigue; with kyb's limited 1-year warranty. shop now shop now shop now kyb strut mounts acting as a pivot for the steering mechanism, providing a smooth steering response reducing squeaks, rattles, and vibration noise are built with design and quality that matches or exceeds oe kyb strut bellows keep leak causing contaminants away from polished strut shafts are built with design and quality that matches or exceeds oe kyb installation kit improves the link between the shock absorber and the chassis. increases the life of the shock absorber and all suspension components (including tires) improves handling and control. kyb tv how to choose: match yourdriving needs gr-2: restoring performance gas-a-just: need or want more? monomax: maximum performance	 for trucks agx: adjustable performance strut-plus: problem solver & time saver strut mounts and boots: monotube vs. twin-tube amp; strut wear why 50,000 miles? 7 great installation tips: most popular kyb series agx excel-ggas-a-justgr-2gr-2/excel-gmonomax sr strut plus strut-plusultra-sr featured parts shock absorber suspension boots suspension mount featured makes acura audi bmw buick cadillac chevy chrysler dodge eagle ford geo gmc honda hummer hyundai infiniti isuzu jaguar jeep kia land rover lexus lincoln mazda mercedes mercury mini mitsubishi nissan oldsmobile plymouth pontiac porsche saab saturn scion subaru suzuki toyota volkswagen volvo vw help about us affiliate program contact us live chat website feedback auto repair how to shop my account forgot password track order site info: replacement parts | performance parts | custom parts | models | sitemap need help? call 1-800-913-6119 | 24/7 toll-free phone support or  live chat. copyright ©2000-2010 autopartswarehouse. all rights reserved.