来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228025119/http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/shop_brands/flowmaster.html
================================================================================

flowmaster muffler, exhaust system, exhaust tip, exhaust pipe let's talk! here are our support channels close call 1.800.913.6119 our 24/7 toll-free phone support live chat with one of our auto parts experts. 801-214-2997 is our alternative number need answers? visit our help center » shopping outside the us? international shipping is now available! close let's talk! 24/7 service at 1-800-913-6119 | 1-801-214-2997 | track order retrieve quote warehouse prices with low price guarantee free shipping on orders above $50 or more home auto body parts & mirrors headlights & lighting engine & drivetrain brakes, suspension & steering interior accessories exterior accessories wheels tires tools & garage auto repair shop by repairnew shop by vehicle select year... select make... select model... select submodel... select engine... filter choices by category exhaust system (248) muffler (183) tail pipe (20) exhaust pipe (1) exhaust tip (1) flowmaster limitedlifetime warranty click for more info x flowmaster product warranty details limited lifetime warranty for flowmaster stainless steel mufflers and kits three (3) year limited warranty for flowmaster aluminized mufflers, kits and other non-race products flowmaster, inc. ("flowmaster") extends the following limited warranty to the original purchaser of its stainless steel and aluminized mufflers, kits, and other non-race products (hereafter "products"): flowmaster warrants the products mentioned above against defects in materials and workmanship for the period set forth below, when they are owned by the original purchaser and remain installed on the vehicle on which they were originally installed. this warranty is void if the product was not installed properly on the vehicle, was installed on a vehicle for which it was not designed, or was removed from the vehicle on which it was originally installed and reinstalled on another vehicle. the warranty set forth herein for flowmaster stainless steel mufflers and kits is to the original purchaser and extends for a period of the life of the original vehicle the product was installed on. the warranty set forth herein for flowmaster aluminized mufflers and kits and commercial applications of aluminized products or stainless steel products extends for a period of three (3) years from the date of original purchase and the original vehicle it was installed on. this warranty shall not apply to any product that was installed on any racing vehicle, installed improperly or contrary to flowmaster's instructions, altered, misused, or repaired or damaged from accident, collision, undercarriage road impact or debris or willful or negligent act. to make any claim under the terms of this limited warranty, the original purchaser must either return the product to the original retailer or directly to flowmaster. if the original purchaser elects to return the product to flowmaster directly, he or she must first contact flowmaster and obtain a returned material authorization (rma) number. once the rma number is received, the original purchaser may return the product to flowmaster at 1500 overland court, sacramento, ca 95691 (or such other address provided by flowmaster) along with the rma number and proof of purchase of the covered product. the proof of purchase must clearly show the place of purchase, purchase price; product purchased, and date of purchase. if, upon inspection by flowmaster, the product is found to be defective in material or workmanship, flowmaster shall reimburse the owner for the cost of shipping the product to flowmaster and, at its option, either exchange the product for new product with the same part number or refund the original purchase price. this warranty is not contingent upon the purchaser's return of the warranty registration form found in the product package. if, however, the purchaser completes and returns that form to flowmaster, flowmaster will keep that form on file and it will serve as the proof of purchase. flowmaster's liability is expressly limited to the payment of shipping costs and the replacement of the product or refund of the purchase price as described herein. flowmaster shall have no liability for the cost of installation or removal of the defective product or for the cost of labor or any additional parts required to complete the installation of replacement product or towing or transportation costs. in no event shall flowmaster be liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential losses or damages (including but not limited to interruption of business or loss of business or profit or damage to related components) resulting from the use of or inability to use the product, any breach of warranty, or any defect in the product, even if flowmaster shall have been advised of the possibility of such potential losses or damages. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights. you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. the warranties set forth herein are exclusive and, unless otherwise required by applicable law, no other warranties are made by flowmaster or are authorized to be made with respect to the product. home » flowmaster flowmaster technology sights and sounds about us news facebook family of mufflers flowmaster technology hushpower tech delta force race explained click image to enlarge flowmaster muffler technology explained delta flow technology developed from flowmaster's line of delta force race mufflers, delta flow technology provides superior scavenging of exhaust gases even over a comparable (standard) flowmaster muffler. by using multiple deflectors, vs. a single deflector, delta flow technology provides a cleaner faster scavenging path by eliminating the chance of turbulence commonly found behind a single deflector model. these delta flow deflectors can only function properly when they've been precisely placed and welded to exact specifications. by investing in state-of-the-art electronic sensing devices, flowmaster can now produce mufflers with internal elements placed at tolerances of +/- .004", twice the standard required by oem car manufacturers. in fact, no one in the exhaust business today has tighter specifications. if you've ever played a musical instrument or watched a piano tuner at work, you understand how slight the differences are between being in-tune and being out-of-tune. the results are increased horsepower, torque and fuel economy with reductions of exterior sound levels as well as a decrease of interior resonance inside the vehicle. flowmaster, it's a "sound decision." click image to enlarge delta force muffler race technology explained it has taken years of hard scientific research at flowmaster's r&d facilities and teamwork with leading race engine builders, top race teams at all levels of motorsports and at racetracks all around the world, to develop flowmaster's patented race technology. delta flow race technology provides superior scavenging of exhaust gases even over a comparable (standard) flowmaster muffler. by using multiple deflectors, vs. a single deflector, delta flow technology provides a cleaner, faster scavenging path by eliminating the chance of turbulence commonly found behind a single deflector model. by using the pressure and sound energy released from an engine's combustion chamber, our designs use the energy to scavenge, or pull, spent gases out of each cylinder more efficiently than even an open pipe system. this improved removal of exhaust gases out of the cylinders promotes a more efficient charge of unburned fuel and air to fill the cylinder for the next cycle. the result is improved power, as the engine has a purer mixture to burn, and improved fuel economy as less fuel is now required to achieve the same level of performance. but it's not just the performance gains that make flowmaster mufflers unique, it's the sound they produce. our rich exhaust sound is created by flowmaster's patented noise cancellation system, where exhaust sound energy is split and directed through slightly different paths. where the paths merge, the two parts of the sound energy are out of phase creating noise cancellation, much as two ripples colliding in a pond absorbing each others energy. scavenger d-port technology flowmaster's unique patented scavenger series collectors and cross-over pipes are founded on the principle of pulse technology. engines do not work like flow benches by blowing a constant stream of cold air. with an opening point and a closing point of the valves, engines have pulses (a start and an end) of heat, gases and sound frequencies traveling down the exhaust pipes. the large "d-shaped" ports provide a larger surface area for the exhaust pulses to scavenge or pull each other along as they travel the length of the collector. this provides a stronger faster signal resulting in an increased torque curve throughout the rpm range. outlaw technology explained by using sound expansion rings inside the muffler, a low pressure area is created behind each ring helping to accelerate pulses and reducing sound energy as it passes each ring. the result is an increase in torque while taking the edge off of open header applications. methanol/alcohol technology explained since a large amount of unburned methanol fuel makes its way into the exhaust system and puddles in the low pressure areas of the muffler, patented burn holes are strategically placed in the methanol/alc. muffler. this results in a constant flame in those low pressure areas preventing the fuel from igniting and causing a "mini-explosion" when the flame is sucked back into the muffler upon deceleration. flowmaster on youtube flowmaster tv flowmaster on streetfire featured videos flowmaster muffler comparisonx hushpowers catback exhaust for the 2011 ford fiestax road testing flowmasters new challenger srt8 kitx hushpowers wrx exhaust kit 819116x history accomplishment faq the flowmaster advantage flowmaster, inc. the exhaust technology company past: in 1983 california sprint car racers were experiencing 'excessive sound' issues at numerous race tracks and were told to quiet the cars down or lose racing privileges. all attempts to silence the race engines without sacrificing power repeatedly failed. enter flowmaster founder, ray flugger, with over 45+ years of exhaust design experience, and while working out of a small 800 square foot barn in kenwood, california, created flowmaster's first patented design of racing silencers. ray attached handles to ease carrying the square shaped race mufflers through the race pits, and the mufflers became known as the "suitcase muffler." today, these innovative flowmaster mufflers are the result of years of development with top race engine builders, thousands of hours of dyno research and "real-world" on-track testing. present today, flowmaster, inc. is housed in three ultra-modern facilities together totaling over 400,000 sq. ft., one in santa rosa, one in west sacramento, california and the other in hayden, idaho. flowmaster employs over 250+ workers dedicated to building the highest quality u.s. made exhaust products available. flowmaster operates the only exhaust research & design facility of its kind in the world, centered around our superflow engine dynamometers complete with e.c.a. (engine cycle analysis) equipment and also superflow chassis dynos. through use of these dynos, flowmaster's engineering staff can track the complete engine cycle in millionths of a second and can obtain exact technical data of each degree of cam rotation, from induction to the tip of the exhaust system, while also showing the power numbers that really matter, the power numbers "to the ground." flowmaster also utilizes spectrum analyzers to fine "tune" the sound of each of the eleven different series of mufflers that flowmaster currently offers, both for peak performance and just the right sound levels and tones. flowmaster's product line includes exhaust products for performance street, muscle cars, trucks, street rods, rv's, motorhomes, and all types of race applications. with over 400 different muffler models, 370+ exhaust systems and numerous exhaust accessories available, flowmaster offers you the choice of sound to fit your preference from "wild to mild" and your specific vehicle needs. call our experienced tech staff for live help and detailed information regarding your vehicle. the future with ray still active and "hands on" with the r&d department in the development of new exhaust products and new technologies currently being tested, the future looks to be very exciting indeed. click image to enlarge top frequently asked questions what makes flowmaster mufflers different? how does flowmaster compare to straight thru mufflers? how do flowmaster mufflers rate on a flowbench (cfm)? what does a flowmaster sound like? what is the difference between a 40 series and a 50 series muffler? how do i select the correct flowmaster muffler? will i lose power going from a 40 series to a 50 series, or to a 70 series? what is "delta flow" technology? what is hushpower? what kind of performance gains can i expect when installing a flowmaster system on my vehicle? i don?t see what i need in your catalog. can you custom build what i need? what size exhaust tubing should i use for my street application? do i need to install an "h" pipe in my dual exhaust system? is an "x" pipe better than and "h" pipe? will my late model vehicle run better if i replace the single inlet muffler with a true dual exhaust system? do i need to run tailpipes after the mufflers? what is flowmaster's warranty? how can i be sure that i'm buying a flowmaster muffler? what materials are used to build flowmaster mufflers? is stainless steel, a better material for manufacturing exhaust products than aluminized steel? will installing a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system void my vehicle?s factory warranty? are flowmaster performance cat-back exhaust systems and mufflers street legal? faq 01 what makes flowmaster mufflers different? flowmaster?s patented ?chambered? design is what sets it apart from any other muffler. the theory behind the design is based on basic principles of physics. by splitting the exhaust stream (exhaust pulses & sound energy) and then recombining them in another chamber, the collision of energy cancels the sound waves which creates a low pressure area in its place. this resulting low pressure area then helps scavenge/accelerate the following pulses into the muffler and out the tailpipe resulting in a more efficient and cleaner burn, which means more power. back to top faq 02 how does flowmaster compare to straight thru mufflers? straight through mufflers consist of a perforated flow tube, and rely on packing materials such as steel wool or fiberglass to simply absorb sound. while these mufflers may improve performance by using larger internal flow tubes, the packing materials will burn or blow out over time which results in an increase of sound until it eventually becomes ineffective. the flowmaster design uses no packing, and therefore will maintain its sound control over the life of the product. back to top faq 03 how do flowmaster mufflers rate on a flowbench (cfm)? many muffler manufacturers advertise, test and rate the performance of their mufflers with the use of a flowbench. the problem with this methodology is that a flowbench produces a steady, low temperature stream of air and lacks the acoustical and thermal dynamics that are produced by an internal combustion engine. flowmaster designs, tests, and proves it?s products under real world conditions in the dyno cell, at the track and on the road; after all, when was the last time you raced a flowbench? back to top faq 43 what does a flowmaster sound like? the flowmaster sound is unmistakably unique and is very different from that of glass packs or other packed style mufflers. the flowmaster sound can best be described as a deep hollow sound and has proven to be the preferred and most recognized sound of most automotive enthusiasts. flowmaster offers mufflers in a variety of different series? that provide levels of sound ranging from mild, to moderate, to aggressive. please refer to the website or product catalog for more information about he various mufflers series? available. back to top faq 05 what is the difference between a 40 series and a 50 series muffler? the 50 series (moderate to mild) incorporates an internal tuning chamber that helps reduce interior sound level in the cab area of your vehicle, and provides a slightly milder exterior tone than the 40 series. the 40 series (aggressive) will generally resonate or ?drone? inside the vehicle, around 1800-2000 rpm and again, around 2400-2600 rpm. the performance characteristics of the 40 and 50 series are the same, so it?s simply ?a sound decision?. back to top faq 06 how do i select the correct flowmaster? the sound of your exhaust is much like music; we all have different preferences so it?s important that the system be ?tuned? to what you like. with the flowmaster family of products we can help accomplish this by answering the questions below. this approach will allow you to choose the best product to suite your needs and expectations. what is the vehicle year, make, model? which engine do you have or how much horsepower does it produce? how is the vehicle used? ie: daily driver, race, towing etc. preferred sound levels (interior and exterior?) how are the space requirements? would you like a complete exhaust system or universal pipe kit if available? single or dual outlet? back to top faq 07 will i lose power going from a 40 series to a 50 series, or to a 70 series? no. flowmaster engineers have designed each series of mufflers with maximum efficiency in mind. the differences between the various muffler series are in the varying sound levels produced both inside and outside your vehicle. this is why it is so important to take the time to carefully choose the right product that will suit your individual needs and sound preference. back to top faq 08 what is "delta flow" technology? this patented new technology is an improvement over the original flowmaster muffler design that provides improved scavenging and additional reduction of resonance inside the vehicle. this advancement was born out of flowmasters extensive involvement in racing and its commitment to research & development. this new design incorporates additional delta deflectors placed at precise angles and spacing. the result is improved performance while maintaining a pleasant tone, both inside and outside the vehicle. back to top faq 09 what is hushpower? hushpower is the latest generation in the flowmaster® family of performance products and its patented technology is entirely different than that of the traditional flowmaster chambered design. although it does utilize a packing material, it is unlike traditional straight through mufflers. the hushpower® design features a perforated dual taper inner core which addresses two separate but related mediums: sound wave energy and exhaust flow energy. the multiple angles of the inner core have been carefully engineered to reflect a portion of the sound wave energy passing through the muffler, and redirect it toward specific areas for absorption and cancellation. additionally, enhanced exhaust airflow is achieved by an effect referred to as controlled laminar flow. this effect actually accelerates the exhaust flow as it passes through the tapered core and expands into the large volume outer core area in multiple layers. this all adds up to a desig that delivers distinct torque and horsepower improvements over straight through designs, along with a deep mellow exhaust tone. developed by flowmasters advanced technology group, hushpower is truly the most revolutionary advancement in exhaust technology in 20 years. back to top faq 10 what kind of performance gains can i expect when installing a flowmaster system on my vehicle? performance gains will vary dependent upon your application. the more power the vehicle makes, the bigger the gains will be. generally in full size vehicle applications, a 5-7% gain of power is fairly typical, while 1-2 mpg can be achieved. that is if you can keep your foot out of the gas to hear that flowmaster sound. back to top faq 11 i don?t see what i need in your catalog. can you custom build what i need? with flowmaster?s new special project development shop, we can custom build exhaust components to suit whatever your needs are. whether it?s an alteration to one of our existing products or a one-off design, we can help satisfy your requirements. some of the special projects that we have created include exhaust components for aviation, racing, street rods, motorcycle, and military. email inquiries to spd@flowmastermufflers.com back to top faq 11 i don?t see what i need in your catalog. can you custom build what i need? with flowmaster?s new special project development shop, we can custom build exhaust components to suit whatever your needs are. whether it?s an alteration to one of our existing products or a one-off design, we can help satisfy your requirements. some of the special projects that we have created include exhaust components for aviation, racing, street rods, motorcycle, and military. email inquiries to spd@flowmastermufflers.com back to top faq 12 what size exhaust tubing should i use for my street application? the size of tubing used in an exhaust system is a critical item to consider. tubing diameter will affect the sound level and performance characteristics of the muffler, but keep in mind that bigger is not always better. using tubing that is too large can actually hinder exhaust scavenging by slowing the velocity of exhaust pulses in the tubing. as a rule, most mildstreet applications (v8 dual exhaust) use 2.00? through 2.25? tubing, and modified street applications (v8 dual exhaust) will generally use 2.25? or 2.50? tubing. very rarely will 3.00? tubing be used for (dual exhaust) street applications. in general, the following guidelines should be applied for street applications. remember, these are general guidelines only and specialized applications may differ somewhat. for more specific information please contact flowmasters tech department. tubing size dual exhaust single exhaust 2.00? up to 200 hp up to 100 hp 2.25? up to 325 hp up to 160 hp 2.50? up to 500 hp up to 250 hp 3.00? up to 600 hp up to 300 hp back to top faq 13 do i need to install an "h" pipe in my dual exhaust system? flowmaster strongly recommends using a crossover tube, otherwise known as an "h" pipe or balance pipe on all true dual exhaust systems. the crossover pipe equalizes the exhaust pulses and allows the sounds waves to communicate between both banks of the engine. not only does this usually improve torque in the low to mid rpm range, it also creates a deeper mellower tone both inside and outside of the vehicle and helps eliminate "back-rap" on deceleration. back to top faq 14 is an "x" pipe better than and "h" pipe? not necessarily. flowmaster has performed extensive dyno testing of traditional ?h? pipes and various ?x? pipe designs and has found that in most typical street applications, there are no clear benefits of one over the other. ?x? pipes have become a buzz word in the world of performance exhaust, and are now produced in a wide variety of styles and designs. some types perform well, and some others can be quite bad due to the excessive turbulence generated in the merge area. unlike anything else available, flowmasters scavenger x-pipe design features patented d-port technology to maximize the communication surface area between the two banks of cylinders, and maintain the exhaust pulse velocity for peak scavenging. in terms of sound, an x-pipe will generally provide a smoother, higher pitched tone than that of a traditional ?h? crossover pipe. in some specialized race applications such as small cubic inch engines and /or restricted (small bore) carburetors, we have found that an ?x? pipe can respond well over an ?h? pipe. as with all race applications, there is no substitute for time on the dyno, developing the engine package as a system. for assistance with race system applications, please contact our technical department. back to top faq 15 will my late model vehicle run better if i replace the single inlet muffler with a true dual exhaust system? flowmaster does not recommend replacing factory single inlet exhaust systems with a "true dual" system on computer controlled vehicles. the computers in most late model vehicles may not be able to compensate with the fuel needed when increasing the exhaust flow, and may void your factory warranty and emission compliance. flowmaster?s dual outlet kits will give you the look of a "true dual" system, while optimizing the vehicles performance. back to top faq 16 do i need to run tailpipes after the mufflers? yes, flowmaster highly recommends running a minimum of 12? tailpipe after the muffler. this will not only greatly help in sound control; it will also provide an increase in exhaust efficiency (more power). running tailpipes out from under the car in street applications will also direct the potentially harmful exhaust fumes away from the vehicle, as well as minimize the sound transmitted into the cab area of the vehicle. back to top faq 17 what is flowmaster's warranty? satisfaction in any product starts with the manufacturer's stand behind your purchase. flowmaster recognizes that fact and extends limited warranties to the original purchaser of its stainless steel and aluminized mufflers, kits and other non-race products, excluding apparel items. flowmaster warrants these products against defects in materials and workmanship for the period of ten (10) years from the date of original purchase for stainless steel mufflers. for aluminized mufflers, kits and other non-race products, the warranty extends for a period of three (3) years from the original date of purchase. please note there are limitations to this warranty policy. to review the complete warranty click below. the warranty shall not apply to any product that was installed on any vehicle used for racing. nor will it apply to products installed improperly or contrary to flowmaster's instructions. to make any claim under the terms set forth in the warranty policy, the original purchaser must either return the product to the original retailer or directly to flowmaster. if the original purchaser elects to return the product to flowmaster directly, they must first telephone flowmaster at 1-800-544-4761 and obtain a returned material authorization (rma) number. see flowmaster's complete warranty details here. back to top faq 18 how can i be sure that i'm buying a genuine flowmaster muffler? the flowmaster name is embossed in every muffler case that flowmaster builds. if it doesn't say flowmaster on the case, it's not a genuine flowmaster muffler. buyer beware; flowmaster knock-offs may look similar, but may not perform or sound the same, and often have a high defect return rate. back to top faq 19 what materials are used to make flowmaster mufflers? all flowmaster chambered products are fully mig welded and made from either 16 gauge aluminized steel or t409 stainless steel for durability and value. specific part numbers of the 40 and 50 series are offered in t409 stainless steel. the off-road mufflers are constructed from 14 gauge diamond plate for outstanding off road durability. back to top faq 20 is stainless steel, a better material for manufacturing exhaust products than aluminized steel? not necessarily. although it is well known that stainless steel exhibits superior resistance to corrosion, we?ve found through years of testing under street and racing conditions that in many applications aluminized steel is just as durable as stainless steel, but at a significantly lower cost. for extreme applications and environments that are susceptible to advanced corrosion, flowmaster does offer several muffler lines and systems in high quality 409s stainless steel. an additional note worth mentioning is that most other stainless steel "performance" mufflers feature internal packing material which will burn-out and not last as long as the stainless steel case they?re wrapped in. so beware, you can end up spending a lot more money for a shiny product with a short lifespan. back to top faq 21 will installing a flowmaster exhaust system void my vehicle?s factory warranty? there are some modifications that have the potential to void a vehicles factory warranty, but properly modifying an exhaust system after the catalytic converter is not one of them. the magnuson-moss warranty act was created in 1975 to protect consumers from invalid denial of warranty claims. under the provisions of the magnuson-moss warranty act, an automotive dealership/carmaker cannot void your warranty simply because your vehicle has been modified with aftermarket parts. they (the manufacturers) have to prove that the failure was the direct result of the installed aftermarket part. unfortunately, too many people have gone to a dealer to have warranty service performed on their modified vehicle only to have the dealer refuse to cover the unrelated defective items. the dealer usually states, that because of the aftermarket parts installed, the warranty is void (without ever attempting to determine whether or not the aftermarket part caused the problem). if in any case, the dealer just lifted the hood, saw the modifications, and stated that the warranty was void based on what they saw (without verifying that the failure was due to the aftermarket installation), the dealer would be in violation of the magnuson-moss warranty act of 1975. the cause of the failure must be searched out and proven in order for the carmaker to void a warranty. if you?re having problems regarding this issue, please contact the specialty equipment market association www.sema.org for more information regarding consumer?s rights in relation to performance aftermarket parts. back to top faq 22 are flowmaster performance cat-back exhaust systems and mufflers street legal? flowmaster has eleven families of performance mufflers, including the hushpower performance family of mufflers allowing customers the opportunity to choose a flowmaster signature sound ranging from mild, moderate and aggressive to accommodate the customer?s local and state laws. back to top the flowmaster advantage flowmaster vs. "straight-through" muffler designs "straight-through" muffler designs utilize a packing material wrapped around a piece of perforated tubing to absorb sound as its traveling through the muffler. this internal tubing is generally reduced as it enters the inlet of the muffler to help achieve a further reduction of sound as its exiting the muffler, smaller hole, less sound. at the same time this creates a further restriction for hot exhaust gases traveling through the mufflers. why should i buy a flowmaster? since flowmaster mufflers use sound energy cancellation technology, you don't have to worry about "packing material" deteriorating and getting louder after as little as a few months. the interior case volume of the inside of a flowmaster muffler is far superior to that of a "straight-pipe" or "straight-through" muffler design. imagine filling a "straight-pipe" or "straight-through" muffler with water vs. filling a flowmaster muffler with water. which one do think would hold substantially more volume? the deflector in a flowmaster muffler acts as a one way check valve eliminating reversion back to the engine and creates a low pressure area to help scavenge the exhaust. flowmasters unique style of h-chamber designs help control interior resonance inside the cab area of your vehicles. "straight-through" muffler designs cannot. flowmasters use fully welded construction for added strength and durability to last even when installed on high horsepower engines. flowmaster mufflers are made in the u.s.a news events testimonials flowmaster reorganizes sales division streamlining of personnel will centralize sales efforts for newest division of b & m racing and performance. santa rosa, ca - b & m racing and performance has reorganized and streamlined the sales division changing the roles of many of their veteran sales team members. the change comes in the wake of the departure of john bellman who leaves the company after a successful run as the vp of sales over the last four years. john bellman leaves the company to pursue new interests having helped increase sales at flowmaster and turn around the company and overcome difficult economic times witnessed over the last three years. read more x flowmaster reorganizes sales division streamlining of personnel will centralize sales efforts for newest division of b & m racing and performance. santa rosa, ca - b& m racing and performance has reorganized and streamlined the sales division changing the roles of many of their veteran sales team members. the change comes in the wake of the departure of john bellman who leaves the company after a successful run as the vp of sales over the last four years. john bellman leaves the company to pursue new interests having helped increase sales at flowmaster and turn around the company and overcome difficult economic times witnessed over the last three years. "we are sorry to see john bellman leave our operation and wish him well in his future efforts," stated current cmo nate shelton. "john was a key to helping right the ship at flowmaster and his efforts were critical to making flowmaster attractive as an asset for purchase by the b & m racing & performance group last march." in the wake of john bellman's departure, his duties will be distributed to key sales reps within the flowmaster division. "we are dedicated to retaining the high level of sales service our customers have witnessed in the past and promoting our dedicated staff members to positions where they are able to continue to grow the brand," concluded shelton. for further information about the changes within the sales department or anything relating to flowmaster or b & m racing & performance, please contact cam benty at (707) 544-4761, ext. 462. gorillaz stylo and bruce willis drive flowmaster the star of the video may be the gorillaz band and bruce willis, but for car fans it has to be the flowmaster super 44-equipped '69 camaro in the latest video from the uk based band. read more flowmaster teams up with camaro5.com at first annual camaro5 fest camaro5 fest inaugural event, april 16 - 18th, to include car show, drag racing, scca autocross, mobile dyno and more.... read more flowmaster and funkmaster flex show off in daytona beach huge collection of cars and fans turn up for first show featuring flowmaster and the famous hip hop dj, funkmaster flex in daytona beach, florida read more flowmaster announces new axle-back american thunder® classic system for 2005 - 2010 ford mustang if you're performance fan zach tibbett, you want your black 2006 ford mustang gt to sound great and perform even better. while zach's mustang already had an enhanced exhaust system, he wanted a more aggressive system ? after all not every ford fan can afford a new $50,000 shelby gt500. read more right exhaust makes all the difference designing the right exhaust system for your car does make all the difference. with some car enthusiasts, exhaust systems seem like an easy to select product ? no big deal. just find some adequate tubing, some mufflers and go. what could go wrong, right? read more testimonial of a racing legend at flowmaster, we recently challenged huffaker engineering to try our mufflers to help them meet stringent 103db levels at sonoma?s infineon raceway. read more event schedule flowmaster's staff is out attending events throughout the year to interact with, and answer questions for our customers. our display trucks and trailers can be seen at numerous automotive events displaying cutaways of the latest in muffler technology, bolt-on exhaust systems for most popular applications and exhaust accessories. stop by and pick up the latest catalogs, literature and decals all at no cost to you and talk to one of our on-site exhaust experts who are there to answer your flowmaster exhaust questions. the display trucks are ford f650 supercrewzers which feature 300hp cat engines, allison six speed automatic transmissions, all leather interior, custom bed with diamond plate and custom wheels. and of course these trucks are outfitted with our hushpower pro series mufflers! the display trucks are ford f650 supercrewzers which feature 300hp cat engines, allison six speed automatic transmissions, all leather interior, custom bed with diamond plate and custom wheels. and of course these trucks are outfitted with our hushpower pro series mufflers! the trailers are all-aluminum 48' smooth sided trailers with a pop-out lounge/meeting area, 10 ft interior ceilings, custom storage cabinets, electric canopies, "versa trak" tie-down floors, triple 8k lb. axles with air ride suspension and custom wheels. march 2010 3/12 - 3/14 goodguys car shows 1st spring nationals scottsdale, az. 3/13 - 3/13 funkmaster flex show tou custom car & bike show tour daytona beach, fl. 3/20 - 3/21 super chevy shows car show & drag races las vegas, nv. 3/27 - 3/28 goodguys car shows 28th all-american get-together pleasanton, ca. april 2010 4/09 - 4/11 goodguys car shows 10th del mar nationals del mar, ca. 4/16 - 4/18 www.camaro5.com 1st annual camaro5fest cecil, ga. may 2010 5/21 - 5/23 goodguys car shows 5th nashville nationals nashville, tn. 5/23 - 5/23 funkmaster flex show tou custom car & bike show tour san diego, ca 5/23 - 5/23 funkmaster flex show tou custom car & bike show tour san diego, ca june 2010 6/04 - 6/06 carlisle ford nats all-ford nationals carlisle, pa. 6/04 - 6/06 goodguys car shows 13th colorado nationals loveland, co. 6/11 - 6/13 goodguys car shows 22nd hot rod nationals indianapolis, in. 6/12 - 6/12 funkmaster flex show tou custom car & bike show tour allentown, pa. 6/18 - 6/20 minnesota street rod asso 37th back to the fifties car show st. paul, mn. 6/25 - 6/27 goodguys car shows 19th east coast nationals rhinebeck, ny 6/26 - 6/26 funkmaster flex show tou custom car & bike show tour edison, nj. 6/26 - 6/26 funkmaster flex show tou custom car & bike show tour edison, nj. july 2010 7/02 - 7/04 goodguys car shows 19th heartland nationals des moines, ia. 7/09 - 7/11 goodguys car shows 13th ppg nationals columbus, oh. 7/16 - 7/18 car craft magazine car craft summer nationals st paul, mn 7/16 - 7/18 right coast association 11th syracuse nationals syracuse, ny. 7/17 - 7/17 funkmaster flex show tou custom car & bike show tour hartford, ct. august 2010 8/05 - 8/08 national street rod assoc 41st street rod nationals louisville, ky. 8/13 - 8/15 mopar nationals 30th mopar nationals columbus, oh. 8/14 - 8/20 scta - bonneville speedwe 2010 bonneville speedweek wendover, ut 8/20 - 8/22 goodguys car shows 9th blue suede cruise norwalk, oh 8/27 - 8/29 goodguys car shows 24th west coast nationals pleasanton, ca. september 2010 9/03 - 9/05 goodguys car show 9th mid-western nationals kansas city, ks 9/17 - 9/19 family events 29th oreilly 4-wheel jamboree indianapolis, in. 9/17 - 9/19 goodguys car shows 4th peak chicagoland nationals joliet, il. 9/24 - 9/26 goodguys car shows 6th great american nationals pocono, pa. october 2010 10/01 - 10/03 goodguys car shows 18th lone star nationals fort worth, tx. 10/06 - 10/09 scta - bonneville speedwe 2010 bonneville world finals wendover, ut 10/09 - 10/09 funkmaster flex show tou custom car & bike show tour white plains, ny 10/15 - 10/17 goodguys car shows 3rd nostalgia nationals bowling green, ky. 10/29 - 10/31 goodguys car shows 17th southeastern nationals charlotte, nc november 2010 11/02 - 11/05 specialty equipment marke 2010 industry trade show las vegas, nv, 11/19 - 11/21 goodguys car shows 13th southwestern nationals scottsdale, az. december 2010 12/01 - 12/03 international motorsports 2010 racing industry trade show indianapolis, in. 12/09 - 12/11 performance racing indust pri race show orlando, fl. testimonials for over 25 years flowmaster has a proven history of providing the most technologically advanced and highest quality exhaust products in the world. but don't just take our word for it, click on the links below to hear what our customers have to say. racing - carl stein - mangusta gt-1 racing - michael smith - spice gtp custom builder - bobby alloway custom builder - john hotchkis custom builder - troy trepanier - rad rides custom builder - mike terzich race builder - joe huffaker jr. - huffaker engineering exhaust systems mufflers tail pipes exhaust accessories exhaust sytems [new] 2011 dodge challenger se, 3.6l, v6, cat-back, delta flow 50 series mufflers, mandrel bent 2.5in. 16 gauge tubing, dor, force ii, 409s stainless steel for the person who is looking for a complete cat-back dual exhaust system with a quieter tone. with easy fit in mind, these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance and include specially selected mufflers. force ii systems deliver a moderate exterior tone and mild interior tone, and are suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 98-03 ford f-150, 4.6l/5.4l, v8, cat-back, super 50 series muffler, mandrel bent 3.0in. 16 gauge tubing, 3.5in.polished t304 stainless steel tips, sos, force ii, 409s stainless steel for the person who wants a subtle custom appearance with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. s.o.s. (single out side) systems are the perfect choice. this force ii system delivers a mild exterior and interior tone, and is suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. especially recommended for towing applications. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] '07-'08 gm silverado/ sierra 1/2t 4.8l /5.3l fii single side for the person who wants a subtle custom appearance with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. s.o.s. (single out side) systems are the perfect choice. this force ii system delivers a mild exterior and interior tone, and is suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. especially recommended for towing applications. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 05-09 ford mustang, v6, cat-back, 60 series mufflers, mandrel bent 2.25in. 16 gauge tubing, 3.5in. polished t304 stainless steel tips, dor, force ii, 409s stainless steel for the person who is looking for a complete cat-back dual exhaust system with an quieter tone. with easy fit in mind, these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance and include specially selected mufflers. this force ii system delivers a moderate exterior and mild interior tone, and is suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 08-11 ford f-250 super duty, v8/v10, cat-back, 50 hd series muffler, mandrel bent 3in. 16 gauge tubing, 3.5in.polished t304 stainless steel tips, dor/s, force ii, 409s stainless steel for the person who is looking for a complete cat-back dual exhaust system with an quieter tone. with easy fit in mind, these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance and include specially selected mufflers. force ii systems deliver a moderate exterior tone and moderate to mild interior tone, and are suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 87-96 ford f-150, v8/v6, cat-back, super 50 series muffler, mandrel bent 2.5in. 16 gauge tubing, 3in. polished t304 stainless steel tips, dor/s, american thunder, 409s stainless steel for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. dor/s systems are the perfect choice, and include exit pipes for both dual out rear and dual out side configurations so that you can choose the one that fits your style. american thunder systems deliver a moderate to aggressive interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants their performance to be heard. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 04-08 ford f-150/lincoln mark lt, 4.6l/5.4l, v8, cat-back, super 50 series muffler, mandrel bent 2.5in. 16 gauge tubing, 3in. polished t304 stainless steel tips, dor/dos, force ii, 409s stainless steel for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.r./d.o.s. systems are the perfect choice, and include exit pipes for both dual out rear and dual out side configurations so that you can choose the one that fits your style. this force ii system delivers a mild exterior and interior tone, and is suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. especially recommended for towing applications. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 59-64 chevy impala, v8, header-back, pipe kit, mandrel bent 2.5in. 16 gauge tubing, dos,409s stainless steel (pipes only) use offset inlet/offset outlet same side mufflers or hp ii mufflers. these pre-bent pipe kits are made with 16 gauge 409s stainless steel mandrel bent tubing and are designed to fit your vehicle perfectly with all the quality and performance that you would expect from a flowmaster product. [new] 04-08 ford f-150/lincoln mark lt, 4.6l/5.4l, v8, cat-back, super 50 series muffler, mandrel bent 3in. 16 gauge tubing, 3.5in. polished t304 stainless steel tip, sos, force ii, 409s stainless steel for the person who wants a subtle custom appearance with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. s.o.s. (single out side) systems are the perfect choice. this force ii system delivers a mild exterior and interior tone, and is suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. especially recommended for towing applications. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 99-04 ford mustang lx, 3.8l, v6, cat-back, super 40 mufflers, mandrel bent 2.5in. 16 gauge tubing, 3in. polished t304 stainless steel tips, dor, force ii, 409s stainless steel for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.r. (dual out rear) systems are the perfect choice. force ii systems deliver a moderate exterior tone and moderate to mild interior tone, and are suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 98-02 chev. camaro/pontiac firebird, 5.0l/5.7l, v8 , cat-back, 80 series muffler, mandrel bent 3in. 16 gauge tubing, 3in. t304 polished stainless steel tips, dor, american thunder, 409s stainless steel for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.r. (dual out rear) systems are the perfect choice. american thunder systems deliver a moderate to aggressive interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants their performance to be heard. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 2010-2011 chevy camaro ss, 6.2l, v8, axle-back, outlaw mufflers our race-oriented outlaw systems are designed to replace original rear mounted mufflers located behind the rear axle using factory style connections. with easy fit in mind, these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance and include specially selected mufflers. outlaw systems deliverance-level, super aggressive interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants the most aggressive components they can purchase. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 2009-2011 ford f-150 4.6l / 5.4l, v8, cat-back force ii, 409s for the person who wants a subtle custom appearance with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. s.o.r. (single out rear) systems are the perfect choice. force ii systems deliver a moderate exterior tone and moderate to mild interior tone, and are suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. especially recommended for towing applications. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 2010-2011 chevy camaro ss, 6.2l, v8, axle-back, fii, 409s these quieter sounding systems are designed to replace original rear mounted mufflers located behind the rear axle using factory style connections. with easy fit in mind, these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance, include specially selected mufflers and all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. this force ii systems deliver a mild exterior and interior tone, and are suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. [new] 2011-2012 ford mustang gt, 5.0l, v8, axle-back dor fii 60 series these quieter sounding systems are designed to replace original rear mounted mufflers located behind the rear axle using factory style connections. with easy fit in mind, these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance, include specially selected mufflers and all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. force ii systems deliver a moderate exterior tone and moderate to mild interior tone, and are suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. [new] 99-04 ford f-250/f-350, v8-v10, cat-back, amt, dor/s, 409s for the person who wants a subtle custom appearance with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. s.o.r. (single out rear) systems are the perfect choice. force ii systems deliver a moderate exterior tone and moderate to mild interior tone, and are suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. especially recommended for towing applications. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 1998-2003, dodge durango 4.7l/5.2l/5.9l v8 cat-back amt 409s for the person who wants a subtle custom appearance with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. s.o.r. (single out rear) systems are the perfect choice. force ii systems deliver a moderate exterior tone and moderate to mild interior tone, and are suited to customers looking for efficiency improvements without a lot of noise. especially recommended for towing applications. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 2009-2011 dodge / ram 1500, 4.7l / 5.7l, v8, cat-back, amt 409s for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.r./s. systems are the perfect choice, and include exit pipes for both dual out rear and dual out side configurations so that you can choose the one that fits your style. american thunder systems deliver a moderate to aggressive interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants their performance to be heard. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 1996-1999 chevy/gmc, silverado/sierra 1500 cat-back, amt 409s for the person who is looking for a complete cat-back dual exhaust system with an moderate tone and a choice of dual rear or side exit configurations. with easy fit in mind, these american thunder systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance and include specially selected mufflers. american thunder systems deliver a moderate to aggressive interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants their performance to be heard. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 2000-2006 toyota tundra, 4.7l, v8, cat-back, amt, dor/s, 409s for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.r./d.o.s. systems are the perfect choice, and include exit pipes for both dual out rear and dual out side configurations so that you can choose the one that fits your style. american thunder systems deliver a moderate to aggressive interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants their performance to be heard. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 01-06 chev/gmc, sub/yukon xl/aval,1/2 ton 5.3l v8 cat-back 409s for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.s. (dual out side) systems are the perfect choice. american thunder systems deliver a moderate to aggressive interior and exterior tone along with improved throttle response, power and mileage. includes all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 1964-1966 mustang (not gt), header-back, dor, amt 409s flowmaster american thunder true dual exhaust systems are engineered with maximum performance in mind. these systems feature specially tuned mufflers, cross-over pipes, clamps, hangers and mounting hardware. if you're looking for the famous "flowmaster tone" look no further. american thunder will deliver the aggressive tone you want as well as the performance you demand. [new] 1986-1991 chev. camaro/firebird, 5.0l/5.7l v8 3in cat-back 409s for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.r. (dual out rear) systems are the perfect choice. american thunder systems deliver a moderate to aggressive interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants their performance to be heard. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 1998 ford mustang gt / cobra, 4.6l, v8, cat-back, dor, amt, 409s for the person who is looking for a complete cat-back dual exhaust system with an aggressive tone. these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance and include specially selected mufflers. american thunder systems deliver a moderate interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants their performance to be heard. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. [new] 1970-1974 chev. camaro/firebird, v-8, header-back, amt, dor 409s for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.r. (dual out rear) systems are the perfect choice. american thunder systems deliver a moderate to aggressive interior and exterior tone and are suited to the enthusiast who wants their performance to be heard. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. 2011 ford mustang gt 5.0l/5.4l v8 axle-back 409s exhaust kit the ford 5.0 liter engine is back and delivers an incredible 412 camaro-smokin' horsepower. to match the factory's re-issue of the famous 5.0 liter nameplate, flowmaster set about re-engineering their american thunder system to deliver that classic 5.0 liter sound along with additional fuel mileage and power. this new flowmaster american thunder axle-back kit for the 2011 ford mustang features a pair of stainless steel, specially-built classic two chamber mufflers that provide a very deep and aggressive sound level and is suited to the enthusiast who wants a distinctive and powerful exhaust note. 2011 ford mustang 3.7 v6 axle-back 409s exhaust kit flowmaster's force ii axle-back kit for the 2011 ford v6 mustang delivers noticeable increases in mid range performance verified by our website-posted comparison dyno test reports. this flowmaster exhaust system kit features specially tuned dual 60 series mufflers that deliver the great sound quality these cars deserve. producing a moderate exterior performance tone, the interior sound level remains mild for everyday driving. 2007-2010 gmc c/k 1500 truck cat-back dual side or rear exit the current generation of chevrolet silverado and gmc sierra trucks have become known for their durability and efficiency - the perfect application for flowmaster's new cat-back exhaust system. this easy to install system fits 2007-2010 gm 1/2 ton trucks equipped with 5.3l v8 engines in all wheelbase configurations except for standard cab, longbed. manufactured using durable 409s stainless steel and backed by our 10-year limited warranty, the system features a super 50 series single in/dual out muffler that exits through dual 2.50" mandrel bent tailpipes. both side and rear exit pipes are included in the system so the customer can choose the desired final exhaust exit location. 2005-2010 ford mustang gt/gt500/ca spcl/convtbl cat-back dual rear exit exhaust kit flowmaster's new american thunder cat-back system for the current generation gt mustang's takes performance to the next level. developed and proven on the dyno, this dual 3.00" system maximizes the breathing of ford's venerable mod-v8 engine, delivering increased engine power, torque and throttle response. fully mandrel bent, it features a scavenger x-pipe assembly for mid range torque improvement and a pair of specially tuned 60 series mufflers with delta flow technology. 2009-2010 ford f150 dual cat-back system 409s stainless looking for a versatile and easy to install performance exhaust kit for your ford f150 pick up? flowmaster's newest 409s stainless steel combination system allows for both side and rear exhaust exit locations, the choice is yours. 2004-2010 nissan titan dual cat-back exhaust system 409s stainless flowmaster's american thunder cat-back exhaust system improves the power, torque and fuel mileage of these great trucks with an easy to install 409s stainless steel kit covered by our 10-year warranty. the kit features flanged dual inlet pipes that run back into a 70-series single in/dual out muffler and dual 2.50" tailpipes. both side and rear exit pipes are included in the kit so that the customer can choose the desired look, finished off with 3.00" diameter polished stainless steel flowmaster tips. 2005-2010 toyota tacoma dual cat-back exhaust system 409s flowmaster's new american thunder cat-back exhaust kit for the 2005-2010 tacoma's equipped with the 4.0l v6 engine improves the power, torque and mileage of these great little trucks with a simple bolt-on system that you can install yourself.note: does not fit standard cab or x-runner models 2010 chevrolet camaro 6.2l v8 axle-back hushpower this is an axle-back system for the newest generation camaro ss with 6.2l v8. it features 3.00" pro series "shortie" mufflers for an incredible, moderate sound level that matches the performance image of these true muscle cars.note: does not fit models with optional ground effects package stainless systems for 78-88 monte carlo, regal, cutlass we're proud to announce the release of two new stainless steel header-back and cat-back systems for 1978-1988 gm, a-body and g-body vehicles with v8 engine such as the chevrolet monte carlo, buick regal and oldsmobile cutlass. 2010 chevrolet camaro 6.2l v8 amt 409s this is a true bolt-on 3.00" cat-back system for the new camaro ss with 6.2l v8 and features a scavenger x-pipe assembly for mid range torque improvement. the specially constructed classic two chamber mufflers provide significant performance boost and an aggressive sound level. 2007-2009 jeep wrangler jk fii 409s this flowmaster force ii axle-back system for 2007-2009 jeep wrangler jk's is designed to replace the original transverse muffler located behind the rear axle using factory connections. constructed in 409s stainless steel, the system is mandrel bent for maximum performance and features a super 50-series (suv) muffler. 2003-2007 ford 6.0l diesel hushpower kit with today's diesel engines it's all about performance. our new hushpower cat-back kit includes everything you need to improve the performance, mileage and sound of your 6.0l powerstroke. the kit features all-aluminized construction for durability. the heart of the system is a state-of-the-art hushpower pro series muffler; the secret to improved torque and fuel mileage without excessive noise. stainless systems for 1987-1993 mustang 5.0 liter flowmaster?s new american thunder 409s stainless steel kits deliver excellent power gains and that great flowmaster signature sound for your mustang. kit includes all of the installation hardware required for easy fitment and flowmaster?s 10-year limited lifetime warranty. 1999-2003 ford 7.3l diesel hushpower kit looking for a versatile and easy to install performance exhaust kit for your ford f150 pick up? flowmaster's newest combination system allows for both side and rear exhaust exit locations, the choice is yours. 1998-2003 ford f150 all fii dor/s looking for a versatile and easy to install performance exhaust kit for your ford f150 pick up? flowmaster's newest combination system allows for both side and rear exhaust exit locations, the choice is yours. mufflers [new] 10 series delta force race muffler, 16 guage 409s stainless steel, 3.00" 10 series delta force race muffler, 3.00" in (c) / out (c): ea, 16 gauge 409s stainless steel durable fully welded 409 stainless steel - single chamber race muffler minimal decibel reduction over open headers no internal packing to blowout race proven patented delta flow technology - designed for maximum horsepower and torque call tech line for applications 800-544-4761 [new] 10 series delta force race muffler, 16 guage 409s stainless steel, 3.50" 10 series delta force race muffler, 3.00" in (c) / out (c): ea, 16 gauge 409s stainless steel durable fully welded 409 stainless steel - single chamber race muffler minimal decibel reduction over open headers no internal packing to blowout race proven patented delta flow technology - designed for maximum horsepower and torque call tech line for applications 800-544-4761 [new] flowmaster 80 series cross-flow muffler the 80 series is a cross-flow design for applications where the muffler is mounted transversely behind the rear end. delivering an aggressive muscle car sound both inside and outside the vehicle, this is an excellent replacement for camaros and firebirds with transverse mufflers. constructed of 16-gauge 409s stainless steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. super 44 series 409s stainless steel mufflers these high quality stainless steel mufflers feature the flowmaster 10-year limited lifetime warranty and are in addition to the current line of flowmaster aluminized super 44 series mufflers. 40 series 409s stainless steel mufflers these high quality stainless steel mufflers feature the flowmaster 10-year limited lifetime warranty and are in addition to the current line of flowmaster aluminized 40 series mufflers. tail pipes [new] tailpipes, 2.50" for '67-'81 chev. camaro / pontiac firebird'68-'74 chev. nova, 16 gauge 409s stainless steel: 1 pr flowmaster's pre-bent tailpipes are made with 16 gauge 409s stainless steel mandrel-bent tubing and are designed to fit your vehicle perfectly with all the quality and performance that you would expect from a flowmaster product. mandrel bent 16ga 409 stainless tubing 2.50 in prebent tailpipes exits at rear of vehicle [new] tailpipes, 2.50" mandrel bent tubing for '64-'72 gm a-body, 16 gauge 409s stainless steel: 1 pr flowmaster's pre-bent tailpipes are made with 16 gauge 409s stainless steel mandrel-bent tubing and are designed to fit your vehicle perfectly with all the quality and performance that you would expect from a flowmaster product. mandrel bent 16ga 409 stainless tubing 2.50 in prebent tailpipes exits at rear of vehicle exhaust accessories [new] u-fit dual kit, 2.25" 16 pc. universal dual pipe kit (pipes only)mandrel bent tubing,16 gauge 409s stainless steel tubing these kits come complete with all the pipes you need to build a custom dual exhaust system in 2.25" pipe diameter. these u-fit kits include the front adapter pipes, intermediate pipes, h-pipe assembly, over the axle pipes and your choice of optional tailpipe exits. each piece has a slip-fit connection for easy assembly and is built from mandrel bent, 409s stainless steel. x street performance mufflers the ?flowmaster sound? is the true tone of american muscle and performance. available in a wide range of domestic and import applications for automobiles and trucks, flowmaster products consistantly produce more power and better mileage than original equipment (oe) and competitive aftermarket products. what makes flowmaster products so unique is that their performance improvements are paired with the unmistakable sound they provide. the ?flowmaster sound? is offered in many levels depending upon the muffler series. from the deep, aggressive tone of the super 44 ? to the quiet and subtle, but unmistakably rich flowmaster tone of the 70 series?, our family of mufflers offer the right application of performance and sound you want. often imitated but never duplicated, don't settle for anything less! we're proud to say that we manufacture our products right here in the usa. 50 series big block - three chamber mufflers the 50 series big block muffler is our largest and quietest muffler made for tow vehicles, full-size trucks, large suv's and rv's / motorhomes. this muffler is made for more than just big cubic inch engine applications and has a very large resonance tuning chamber to almost completely reduce interior resonance in large cab vehicles and enough case volume to handle engines under heavy loads. significant improvements in mileage, torque, and horsepower are to be expected from this muffler, as well as decreased engine heat and wear. available in 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 5 thick x 12" wide x 22" long with inlet/outlet sizes of 3" and 3.5". click on image for sizes and full part number. 70 series big block ii - three chamber mufflers the 70 series big block ii muffler uses a longer case for increased volume and added sound reduction that will still fit many applications that our wider 50 series big block muffler won?t fit. it utilizes flowmaster?s patented delta flow technology for maximum efficiency and minimum interior resonance. the 70 series mufflers are perfect for high performance street cars, most trucks, suv's, rvs and tow vehicles that require quiet operation with improved sound. constructed of 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 5" thick x 10" wide x 22" long with inlet/outlet sizes from 2.25" up to 3". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. super 50 (suv) - three chamber mufflers the flowmaster super 50 series (suv) muffler incorporates an increased case size with the technology from the 50 series delta flow muffler. made for all suv's and large displacement engine vehicles, the super 50 series larger case size allows for optimum exhaust flow, increased mileage, and reduced interior resonance. also excellent for use on full-sized, high performance street cars looking to reduce interior resonance and tone levels for everyday driving. constructed of 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 5" thick x 10" wide x 17" long with inlet/outlet sizes from 2.25" up to 3". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. 60 series delta flow - three chamber mufflers all 60 series mufflers feature delta flow technology to increase horsepower and torque in most four and six cylinder vehicles. the 60 series mufflers have shown significant improvements in mileage, helping to save fuel on many commuter vehicles, the mellow tone making for a pleasant and quiet driving experience. just by adding a larger diameter tailpipe and flowmaster stainless tip you can create a deeper tone overall inside and out. constructed of 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 5" thick x 10" wide x 13" long with inlet/outlet sizes of 2" and 2.25". click on image for sizes and full part number listin. 50 series hd - three chamber mufflers the 50 series heavy duty muffler is appropriately named, a tough customer just like the trucks it was designed for. with 4.00? internal components and large case size, these mufflers help to significantly increase mileage, torque, and horsepower while greatly improving towing power and acceleration. the 50 series heavy duty is great for all gas and diesel applications, and late-model trucks used in the most extreme working conditions. constructed of 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability.5" thick x 10" wide x 18" long with inlet/outlet sizes from 3" up to 4". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. hp-2 series - hushpower mufflers the hushpower hp-2 performance muffler is a real hot rod muffler that delivers all the required benefits of a high performance street and race muffler, yet is small enough for street rod applications. built from either 409s or 304s stainless steel, this smooth, stylish muffler can be polished or coated for a great looking finish. the hp-2 muffler is designed for use with street rods, customs, lowriders and sport trucks or industrial applications where heat control and space are an issue. the hp-2 mufflers feature an innovative ?cool shell? casing, a key feature in contributing to the muffler?s sound and heat control design. advanced ?flow? technology produces broadband sound cancellation for a rich ?50?s tone. the hp-2 mufflers use a 4.00? x 5.50? x 18.00 case and can be ordered with inlet/outlet diameters including 2.00?, 2.25? and 2.50?. (shorty models with a 12" long case are also available). 50 series delta flow - three chamber mufflers greatly reduced interior resonance, smaller case size, and moderate exterior tone are just some of the benefits to the 50 series delta flow mufflers. with a specially designed resonance tuning chamber, the 50 series delta flow gives all the performance, while reducing the tone inside and outside of your vehicle. simply stated, it delivers the same great performance from flowmaster, without the increased sound. available in aluminized steel or 409s stainless for harsh weather applications, and both are fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 4" thick x 9.5" wide x 17" long with inlet/outlet sizes from 2" up to 3". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. 50 series 4x8 - three chamber mufflers this narrow version of our street three chamber design utilizes flowmaster's patented delta flow technology along with an internal tuning chamber to reduce sound inside the vehicle. perfect for narrow frame vehicles like early jeeps and german imports that are difficult to fit standard bodied mufflers. available in 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 4" thick x 8" wide x 15" long with inlet/outlet sizes of 2" and 2.25". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. 40 series delta flow - two chamber mufflers designed to minimize interior resonance, the 40 series delta flow muffler offers an aggressive exterior tone. the 40 series delta flow helps increase torque and horsepower on many late-model performance cars and trucks. available in aluminized and 409s stainless for harsh weather applications, both are fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 4" thick x 9.5" wide x 13" long with inlet/outlet sizes from 2" up to 3". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. super 40 - two chamber mufflers the super 40 muffler was developed from our top ten race muffler lineup for use on the street and strip. utilizing delta flow technology, this muffler gives the best performance to higher horsepower vehicles. the super 40 features a black, oversize case, which keeps the resonance down while the deep outside tone says it?s a flowmaster! constructed of 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 5" thick x 10" wide x 13.5" long with inlet/outlet sizes from 2.25" up to 3". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. 50 series 3x10 - three chamber mufflers this ultra thin version version of our three chamber design utilizes flowmaster's patented delta flow technology to help keep things quiet. designed originally for the 70's gm f-bodies, these mufflers are perfect for vehicles where ground clearance is a major concern. available in 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 3" thick x 10" wide x 16" long with inlet/outlet size of 2.5". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. 40 series classic - two chamber mufflers these are duplications ray fluggers original square "suitcase" mufflers that started it all. built in a limited quantity of 1000 units, each is signed and numbered by ray himself. hand crafted and formed with the original tooling that was found in storage after 25 years. unlike the originals however, these units are constructed with 409s stainless steel to last a lifetime. this is a special opportunity to own a piece of history. the square case with its wider profile produces an extra deep tone that many will recall as being "like the ones i had when i was a kid" original 40 series - two chamber mufflers these are duplications ray fluggers original square "suitcase" mufflers that started it all. built in a limited quantity of 1000 units, each is signed and numbered by ray himself. hand crafted and formed with the original tooling that was found in storage after 25 years. unlike the originals however, these units are constructed with 409s stainless steel to last a lifetime. this is a special opportunity to own a piece of history. the square case with its wider profile produces an extra deep tone that many will recall as being "like the ones i had when i was a kid" super 44 - two chamber mufflers flowmaster?s super 44 muffler uses the same delta flow technology found in our larger super 40 mufflers. the super 44 delivers a powerful rich tone and is the most aggressive, deepest sounding, highest performing four-inch case street muffler we?ve eve built! constructed from 16-guage aluminized or 409s stainless steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. 4" thick x 9.5" wide x 13" long with inlet/outlet sizes from 2" up to 3". click on image for sizes and full part number listing. 80 series - cross flow mufflers for true dual exhaust performance where only a single exhaust system will fit such as is commonly found in classic camaros and firebirds, the 80 series cross-flow muffler fits transversely behind the rear axle and in front of the fuel tank, the oe placement. with single or dual inlets, the 80 series gives excellent ground clearance, aggressive tone and dual outlets to fit muscle cars requiring this specialized fitment. constructed of 16-gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. click on image for sizes and full part number listing. super 10 series - one chamber mufflers single chamber mufflers. intended for customers who desire the loudest and most aggressive sound they can find. because these mufflers are so aggressive, they are recommended only for off highway use and not for street driven vehicles. these mufflers utilize the same patented delta flow technology that is found in flowmaster?s other super series mufflers to deliver maximum performance. constructed of 16-gauge 409s stainless steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. x performance exhaust systems flowmaster exhaust systems and exhaust kits are unmatched in the industry in terms of fit, quality and performance. our force ii exhaust systems are available for those who are looking for maximizing performance but with a mild, subdued tone that won't wake the neighbors. for those who want their beast to be heard, there's our american thunder series. available in cat-back, axle-back and header-back configurations, there is a system that will fit your needs. true-dual exhaust systems our true-dual, header-back and cat-back systems are built with maximum performance and aggressive looks in mind. these systems gererally follow the factory routing and utilize oem hanger locations when possible. these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance and include specially selected mufflers for just the right performance and sound. available in the aggressive american thunder series as well as the quieter force ii series, and like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include everything you need to complete the installation for an incredible performance look and sound. axle-back exhaust systems these systems are designed to replace original rear mounted mufflers located behind the rear axle using factory style connections. with easy fit in mind, these systems are mandrel bent for maximum performance and include specially selected mufflers. available in the aggressive american thunder series as well as the quieter force ii series. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. split-dual exit exhaust systems for the person who wants the look of a traditional dual exhaust system with all the benefits that a flowmaster cat-back exhaust system provides. d.o.r./d.o.s. systems are the perfect choice, and include exit pipes for both dual out rear and dual out side configurations so that you can choose the one that fits your style. available in the aggressive american thunder series as well as the quieter force ii® series. like all flowmaster systems, the benefits include improved throttle response, power and mileage. designed for an easy fit, these systems include all necessary parts and hardware for easy installation. single exit exhaust systems these single outlet systems are for the person who wants a subdued, but custom look, with all the benefits of a flowmaster exhaust system. available in the mellow force ii series as well as the more aggressive american thunder series. these systems feature mandrel bent 16 gauge tubing, either weld-on or flanged inlet pipe/pipes, specially tuned muffler, clamps, hangers and a stainless steel exhaust tip exiting in the factory location. muscle truck exhaust systems these systems are designed to give your late model truck the custom look of a nascar race truck. these "muscle truck" systems feature mandrel bent tubing custom bent and fixtured to fit your vehicle, either weld-on or flanged inlet pipe/pipes, specially tuned muffler, clamps, hangers and stainless steel exhaust tips exiting in front of the rear wheel for that aggressive look and sound of a dual exhaust race vehicle. u-fit universal kits the new u-fit dual pipe kits come complete with all the pipes you need to build a custom dual exhaust system in 2.25, 2.50 and 3.00-inch pipe diameters. click on the image for more information on these products. direct fit pipe kits and tailpipes flowmaster offers a wide range of direct-fit pipe kits and pre-bent tailpipes that are engineered for specific vehicle applications. all are mandrel bent for maximum performance and quality. x race 25+ years of race winning technology?.and counting! our original flowmaster technology was born on the racetrack over 25 years ago to create a sound solution for sprint cars racing at local california fairgrounds events. our patented new and innovative technology not only resolved the excessive sound issues of these high-powered race cars, but also allowed maximum horsepower with an increased and broader torque curve - an unheard of byproduct from competitive mufflers in use at the time. our highly devoted r&d works department actively searchs for new challenges to resolve, and constantly working with leading race teams, engine builders and race organizations to name a few, in the quest in improving and developing new technologies. were focused on developing greener more positive solutions to keep racing safe for all participants, fans and neighbors, while achieving the ultimate goal...winning! no other muffler company has dominated racetracks around the world like flowmaster has in the past, present, or will in the future. that?s our pledge to you. we feel we can make that statement since we earn it everyday with our non-stop drive to offer the best products available. 30 series delta force race - three chamber the 30 series race mufflers are our most powerful & quietest professional race mufflers available and incorporate over 25 yrs of race proven research & development ensuring you get the best race silencers money can buy no matter what type of racing you do. they are available in 5.00? & 6.00? thick case sizes for maximum power and sound attenuation, and are available in numerous inlet & outlet tubing sizes ranging from 3.50?, 4.00?, 4.50? and 5.00? applications. 60 series delta force race - three chamber the 60 series are some of the quietest mufflers we build. they are available in select sizes and were developed for spec classes & sportsman type race vehicles needing max db attenuation. select sizes are available with 3.00? and 3.50? inlets and outlets. these mufflers are recommended for race vehicles applications that have strict decibel level requirements to adhere to. please call the flowmaster tech-line with your specific db requirements. 50 series delta force race- three chamber the 50 series are some of the quietest mufflers we build. they are available in select sizes and were developed for spec classes & sportsman type race vehicles needing max db attenuation. select sizes are available with 2.50? and 3.00? inlets and outlets. constructed of 16 gauge aluminized steel and fully mig-welded for maximum durability. please call the flowmaster tech-line with your specific db requirements and applications. hushpower race mufflers the hushpower line of mufflers have applications in all forms of racing such as sprints & midgets, vintage racing, and diesel sled pullers. a key feature is its cool shell technology which minimizes the outside case temperature for mounting in and around body panels. consistently proven to meet the strictest db sound limits without affecting performance, they are available in several case configurations with inlet/outlet sizes from 2.00? through 5.00?. 40 series delta force race - two chamber the 40 series race mufflers offer maximum performance with a substantial db reduction over open headers. these are available in 3.00?, 4.00?, 5.00? & 6.00? thick case sizes. and with inlets & outlets ranging from 2.50? up to 5.00? sizes. the 40 series are available in numerous offsets for easy fitment & fabrication. recommended for all racing applications where mufflers are required with a substantial decibel reduction over open headers. please call the flowmaster tech-line for assistance with specific db requirements and applications. scavenger series collector mufflers direct to header applications: the scavenger series race mufflers feature flowmaster?s patented delta flow? technology. designed to attach directly to the exhaust header primary tubes, replacing the collector on sprint and drag racing applications. it can be used to retrofit existing race headers or used as the collector for custom fabricated race headers. it is ideal for limited space applications or race cars requiring mufflers with sound reduction. note: due to varying conditions these mufflers may or may not meet all sound level requirements 10 series delta force race - single chamber the 10 series race mufflers are a compact lightweight single chamber design that will net a noticeable sound reduction vs open headers without sacrificing valuable and hard earned horsepower. they are available in three compact case sizes, ranging from 3.00?, 4.00? & 5.00? inches tall, with inlet and outlet sizes ranging from 2.50? up to 4.00?, and in two inlet and outlet configurations. race proven technology and performance for your race car. outlaw series the flowmaster outlaw series race mufflers are our smallest and lightest race mufflers to date. when attached directly to the collector, it generally produces more power than open headers, while taking the ?edge? off that open header sound. these race mufflers are designed to be used at race tracks requiring mufflers, but without db restrictions. available in two compact lengths and tubing diameter sizes including 3.00?, 3.50?, 4.00? and 5.00?. recommended for racing applications where a race muffler is required, but without a set decibel limit to be met. please call the flowmaster tech-line with your specific db requirements and applications. specialty race products through years of racing and partnerships with the leading race sanctioning bodies, flowmaster has developed these specialty mufflers that have been specifically engineered for some of the leading race vehicles in organizations such as nascar, arca, and the w.o.o. sprint car series. these include race mufflers are for low ground clearance, special race fuels, packaging restraints etc. scavenger series header collectors flowmaster?s unique, patented scavenger series collector is founded on the principle of pulse technology. the large ?d-shaped? ports in the the scavenger series collectors create a larger surface area to help pull the exhaust pulses from the the opposing connected cylinders this creates a cleaner burn for the incoming fuel and air resulting in an increased and broader torque curve putting more power in the rpm range were you need it most. after all, its torque that moves your vehicle. products accessories mufflers exhaust kits stainless tip heat shield pipe kit exhaust reducer exhaust collectors balance pipe exhaust flange 50 series big block 70 series big block ii super 50 (suv) 60 series delta flow 50 series hd hp-2 series 50 series delta flow 40 series delta flow super 40 original 40 series super 44 80 series 30 series delta force race 60 series delta force race 50 series delta force race hushpower race mufflers 40 series delta force race 10 series delta force race outlaw series true-dual exhaust systems axle-back exhaust systems split-dual exit exhaust systems single exit exhaust systems muscle truck exhaust systems featured flowmaster parts balance pipedown pipedual exhaust pipe kitexhaust collectorexhaust flangeexhaust heat shieldexhaust pipeexhaust pipe kitexhaust reducerexhaust systemexhaust tipmufflertail pipe featured makes acuraaudibmwbuickcadillacchevychryslerdodgeeaglefordgeogmchondahummerhyundaiinfinitiisuzujaguarjeepkialand roverlexuslincolnmazdamercedesmercuryminimitsubishinissanoldsmobileplymouthpontiacporschesaabsaturnscionsubarusuzukitoyotavolkswagenvolvovw join our growing community & get facebook deals! follow @apwcares get email exclusives! sign up to receive discounts and promotions about about us autopartswarehouse reviews affiliate program help center live chat contact us returns auto repair help find parts that fit how to shop see all your account login/register your account track order retrieve quote cart let's talk call 1.800.913.6027 our 24/7 toll-free phone support with one of our auto parts experts 801-214-2997 is our alternative number how do you like our website tell us your feedback » we accept read all autopartswarehouse reviews » replacement parts | performance parts | custom parts | models | sitemap copyright © 2000-2011 autopartswarehouse. all rights reserved. close × select your vehicle for compatible products, please select your vehicle year, make and model. to ensure a perfect fit, some parts may require submodel and engine type information too. select year... select make... select model... select submodel... select engine type...