来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121227105630/http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/shop_brands/magnaflow.html
================================================================================

magnaflow muffler, catalytic converter, exhaust let's talk! here are our support channels close call 1.800.913.6119 our 24/7 toll-free phone support live chat with one of our auto parts experts. 801-214-2997 is our alternative number need answers? visit our help center » shopping from canada? click here international shipping available call 404.592.4536 to learn more. shopping outside the us? international shipping is now available! close let's talk! 24/7 service at 1-800-913-6119 | 1-801-214-2997 | track order retrieve quote warehouse prices with low price guarantee free shipping on orders above $50 or more home auto body parts & mirrors popularbumpers & componentsfenders & componentsgrilles & componentshoods & componentsmirrors & componentsauto body styling & accessoriesauto body toolsconvertible tops, soft tops & componentsdoor handles, locks & accessoriesdoor sheet metalemblemsfuel tanks & componentsgas caps, fuel doors & componentsheader panelslicense plate components & accessorieslift supports & componentsliftgate & hatch componentslug nuts & boltsoe replica wheelsother auto body replacementquarter panels & componentsradiator support & componentsrocker panels & accessoriesrust repair & patch panelsseals & weatherstrippingsunroof componentsswitches, relays, wiring & componentstailgates & componentstire pressure monitoring systems & componentstrunks & componentswheel covers, caps & simulatorswindows & componentswindshield, wipers, washers, accessories & components headlights & lighting popularfog lights, driving lights, components & accessoriesheadlights, components & accessoriesswitches, relays, wiring & componentstail lights, back up lights & accessoriesturn signals, side markers & other lightsbulbscorner lights & componentsinterior lighting & componentslighting accessories & componentsthird brake lights & components engine & drivetrain popularair filters & intake systemscatalytic converters & componentsexhaust systems & componentsfuel systems & componentsradiators, fans, cooling systems & componentsaxles, driveshaft & 4wdcams, timing & valvetrainclutches, flywheels & componentscranks, pistons, oil & componentselectronic control modules, ignition & distributorsemission & componentsengine & transmission assembliesengine & transmission mountsheaders, manifolds & componentsheating, air conditioning & componentsintercoolers, superchargers, turbos & componentsother gaskets & sealsoxygen sensors & componentspower programmersspark plugs, wires & componentsstarters, alternators, batteries & componentsswitches, relays, wiring & componentstransmissions & shifterswheel hubs, bearings, and components brakes, suspension & steering popularbrake discs, pads & caliperscontrol arms, thrust arms & componentsoe replica wheelsshocks, struts & componentswheel hubs, bearings, and componentsaxles, driveshaft & 4wdball joints & componentsbrake drums, shoes & componentsbrake hoses, lines & componentsbrake master cylinders, boosters & componentscoil springs & componentsleaf springs & componentslowering, leveling & lifting kitslug nuts & boltsparking brake, abs & other componentspower steering pumps & componentsspeed sensorssteering systems & componentssuspension links, rods, bars & componentssuspension system componentssway bars & componentstie rods, steering racks, gearboxes & componentstire pressure monitoring systems & componentswheel covers, caps & simulators interior accessories popularcarpet kitsdash & dash accessoriesfloor mats & linersseats, seat covers & accessoriesswitches, relays, wiring & componentsair freshenerscargo accessories, liners & matsconsoles & organizersdoor panels & accessoriesgauges, meters & monitorsheadliners & deck covershorns & componentsinterior lighting & componentsmobile electronicsother interiorpedals & accessoriespet accessoriespower programmersshifter accessoriessteering wheels & accessoriessun visors, shields & accessoriestool boxes & accessories exterior accessories popularbumpers & componentsdoor handles, locks & accessoriesfog lights, driving lights, components & accessoriesgrilles & componentshoods & componentsantitheft devicesauto body styling & accessoriescar coversconvertible tops, soft tops & componentsdecals & graphicsdeflectors, bras & shieldsdoor sheet metalemblemsfender flares, vents & accessoriesgas caps, fuel doors & componentsgrille guards & bull barshitches, winches & trailerslighting accessories & componentsnerf bars, running boards & stepsother auto body accessoriesoutdoor & camping gearrocker panels & accessoriesroof racks & cargo carriersspare tire accessoriestonneau covers & accessoriestool boxes & accessoriestruck bed & tailgate accessoriesvent visorswindshield, wipers, washers, accessories & components wheels tires tools & garage popularcar caregarage accessoriesmobile electronicsrepair manuals, videos & softwaretoolsapparelauto body toolscode readers, scan tools & componentsjacks, lifts & standstire & wheel caretool boxes & accessories auto repair shop by repairnew shop by vehicle select year... select make... select model... select submodel... select engine... filter choices by category catalytic converter (2229) exhaust system (690) tail pipe (37) exhaust pipe (18) x pipe (16) exhaust pipe kit (12) muffler (6) view all front pipe (1) h pipe (1) view less home » magnaflow magnaflow about us videos magnaflow gallery hear magnaflow satisfied customer dyno info tech support news & media ← back what is a universal catalytic converter? 49-state obdi universal catalytic converters 49-state obdii heavy metal universal catalytic converters 49-state obdii oem grade universal catalytic converters california obdi universal catalytic converters california obdii universal catalytic converters what is a direct-fit catalytic converter? 49-state obdi direct-fit catalytic converters 49-state obdii direct-fit catalytic converters 49-state obdii oem grade direct-fit catalytic converters california obdi direct-fit catalytic converters california obdii direct-fit catalytic converters ← back what is a performance exhaust system? cat-back performance exhaust systems - gasoline cross member-back performance exhaust system - gasoline axle back performance exhaust system filter-back dpf diesel performance exhaust systems off-road pro series glass packs turbo-back diesel performance exhaust system downpipe-back diesel performance exhanust systems cat-back diesel performance exhaust systems universal mufflers magnaflow epa and california arb compliant universal catalytic converters are designed to meet or exceed all requirements for aftermarket replacement converters. welding, cutting and tube bending may be required and professional installation is recommended. magnaflow epa obdi compliant universal catalytic converters are designed to meet or exceed all requirements for aftermarket replacement converters. welding, cutting and tube bending may be required and professional installation is recommended. remember: oem catalyst failure indicates engine or engine sensor problems, which must be corrected before catalyst replacement. failure to properly diagnose converter failure codes and complete repairs of associated components, will likely lead to early failure of the new converter. application years: 1975-1995 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection. 2 year / 25,000 mile warranty on internals / performance protection. magnaflow epa obdii compliant heavy metal universal catalytic converters are designed to meet or exceed all requirements for aftermarket replacement converters. welding, cutting and tube bending may be required and professional installation is recommended. magnaflow's epa obdii compliant universal catalytic converters include our heavy metal line of catalytic converters. these heavy metal catalysts are designed to meet all 49-state tailpipe emissions requirements. careful consideration is given to each part to ensure that the part maintains the exact fitment and functionality required by each application. application years: 1995-2012 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection. 2 year / 25,000 mile warranty on internals / performance protection. magnaflow epa obdii compliant oem grade universal catalytic converters are designed to meet or exceed all requirements for aftermarket replacement converters. welding, cutting and tube bending may be required and professional installation is recommended. oem grade universal catalytic converters are magnaflow's premium line converter. utilizing our experience and success in developing and manufacturing carb approved catalytic converters, we have engineered a product line to address the needs of late model 49 state obdii vehicles. as california state emissions certified vehicle sales outside of california are growing, so has the need to provide a product line that can adequately service them. magnaflow's oem grade converter line utilizes our catsmart converters. catalyst system monitor advanced response technology ensures compatibility with stringent late model obdii vehicle emissions' requirements. not only is the substrate volume increased, but these converters are formulated with higher precious metal content and efn specific washcoats to satisfy each application's oxygen storage needs, preventing false-fail emissions codes. application years: 1995-2012 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection. 2 year / 25,000 mile warranty on internals / performance protection. magnaflow's california arb obdi compliant universal catalytic converters are designed to meet or exceed all requirements for aftermarket replacement converters. welding, cutting and tube bending may be required and professional installation is recommended. magnaflow's california arb obdi universal catalytic converters are designed, tested and catalogued for specific vehicles. they are not traditional universal converters. these converters have higher efficiency than conventional converters meeting the strict california requirements for conversion efficiency and durability. application years: 1975-1995 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection and internals / performance. magnaflow's california arb obdii universal catalytic converters are designed to meet or exceed all requirements for aftermarket replacement converters. welding, cutting and tube bending may be required and professional installation is recommended. magnaflow's california arb obdii universal catalytic converters are designed, tested and catalogued for specific vehicles. they are not traditional universal converters. these converters have higher efficiency than conventional converters meeting the strict california requirements for conversion efficiency and durability. application years: 1995-2006 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection and internals / performance. magnaflow direct-fit catalytic converters are designed for easy bolt-on installation for the professional installer. each is designed to exact the original equipment specifications. while the majority of the direct-fit catalytic converter products do not require welding, cutting or bending, limited applications may require additional modification for optimal installation. there are three types of direct-fit catalytic converter: manifold catalytic converters these specialty catalytic converters represent a new and unique configuration in which the catalytic converter is physically part of the exhaust manifold assembly. this configuration offers a whole new set of challenges that traditional catalytic converters do not adequately address. as emissions requirements have become more stringent, the number of catalytic converters has increased, the size of the converters has grown and the proximity of the catalytic converter to the motor has become closer. magnaflow has identified this new and growing segment of the catalytic converter world and answered with an entire line of aftermarket manifold converters engineered to meet the performance and tight space requirements. close coupled / warm-up direct-fit catalytic converters close coupled / warm up catalytic converter equipped systems like manifold converters require space considerate converter bodies and specific construction to function in these tight quarters. magnaflow direct-fit catalytic converters incorporate spun body technology to address the tight space issues and are engineered to fit each application like oem. underbody catalytic converters underbody catalytic converters represent the more traditional configurations of early obdii and obdi. magnaflow has been providing these traditional parts for over 30 years. magnaflow epa obdi compliant direct-fit catalytic converters are designed for easy bolt-on installation for the professional installer. welding, cutting and tube bending equipment is not required. each is designed to exact original equipment specifications. application years: 1975-1995 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection. 2 year / 25,000 mile warranty on internals / performance protection. magnaflow epa obii compliant direct-fit catalytic converters are designed for easy bolt-on installation for the professional installer. welding, cutting and tube bending equipment is not required. each is designed to exact original equipment specifications. magnaflow's epa obdii compliant direct-fit catalytic converters include our heavy metal line of catalytic converters. these heavy metal catalysts are designed to meet all 49-state tailpipe emissions. careful consideration is given to each part to ensure that the part maintains the exact fitment and functionality required by each application. application years: 1995-2011 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection. 2 year / 25,000 mile warranty on internals / performance protection. magnaflow epa obii compliant direct-fit catalytic converters are designed for easy bolt-on installation for the professional installer. welding, cutting and tube bending equipment is not required. each is designed to exact original equipment specifications. oem grade direct-fit converters are magnaflow's premium line converter. utilizing our experience and success in developing and manufacturing california arb approved catalytic converters we have engineered a product line to address the needs of late model 49-state obdii vehicles. as california 50-state emissions certified vehicle sales outside of california are growing, so has the need to provide a product line that can adequately service them. magnaflow's oem grade converter line utilizes our catsmart converters. these converters are formulated with higher precious metal content and application specific washcoats to address specific oxygen storage needs to prevent false-fail emissions codes. application years: 1995-2011 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection. 2 year / 25,000 mile warranty on internals / performance protection. magnaflow carb obdi compliant direct-fit catalytic converters are designed for easy bolt-on installation for the professional installer. welding, cutting and tube bending equipment is not required. each is designed to exact original equipment specifications. all california vehicles will no longer be based upon g.v.w. (gross vehicle weight) and engine size. application look-up is the only approved method for determining the correct part number for all california vehicles. it is illegal in california to select a catalytic converter for installation based solely on vehicle weight, engine size, physical shape, size, configuration type or pipe diameter. application years: 1975-1995 warranty — 5 year / 50,000 mile warranty on external shell / end pipe protection and internals / performance. magnaflow carb obdii compliant direct-fit catalytic converters are designed for easy bolt-on installation for the professional installer. welding, cutting and tube bending equipment is not required. each is designed to exact original equipment specifications. all california vehicles will no longer be based upon g.v.w. (gross vehicle weight) and engine size. application look-up is the only approved method for determining the correct part number for all california vehicles. it is illegal in california to select a catalytic converter for installation based solely on vehicle weight, engine size, physical shape, size, configuration type or pipe diameter. application years: 1995-2006 whether you drive a street, off-road or diesel truck/suv, magnaflow has dyno-proven exhaust systems that are rugged enough to survive grueling baja racing. each system is designed to bolt right on at home by a do-it-yourselfer and provide years of trouble-free performance. provides a smooth, deep tone that is suitable for grocery-getting suv's with casual tow duties to full-blown modded drag racing diesel pickups. the systems include cat-back, cross member-back, turbo-back and axel-back in street/touring and competition/sport series. check out the following links: performance exhaust systems performance technology installation sheets installation videos magnaflow performance exhaust cat-back systems are engineered to deliver the best power and sound while meeting all emissions requirements. fitment and adjustability are key elements designed into each system to provide the customer or installer with a hassle free installation. magnaflow's truck applications offer the customer system designs with multiple configurations to meet just about every exit configuration imaginable: single side exit near stock exit point with most sound control best suited to towing hauling and cruising. dual split rear exit adjustable exit points under the bumper suited for most oem hitches with an aggressive exhaust note and additional flow capacity for a few more horsepower. dual side exit before rear tire dual same side exit with the most aggressive exhaust note and reduced mass for the customer seeking the highest performance and truly aggressive exhaust note. dual side exit behind rear tire similar performance and sound character as the dual split rear exit with a unique same side configuration without issues from oem or aftermarket hitches or roll pans. magnaflow's passenger car, sports car and compact performance applications have two series, which identify basic performance and sound characteristics: street/touring series exhaust systems are designed for those seeking increased performance and better economy balanced with interior and exterior noise levels. these systems are tested against sae j1169 standards. competition/sport series exhaust systems are designed for those seeking maximum performance, reduced mass and an aggressive exhaust note that demands attention. these systems may not comply with all local or federal noise requirements. product line coverage vehicle categories: us market import and domestic truck, suv, passenger car, sports car and compact performance application makes: acura, am general, audi, bmw, buick, cadillac, chevrolet, chrysler, dodge, eagle, ford, gmc, honda, hummer, hyundai, infinity, jeep, kia, land rover, lexus, lincoln, mazda, mini, mercury, mercedes-benz, mitsubishi, nissan, oldsmobile, plymouth, pontiac, saturn, scion, subaru, toyota, volkswagen, and volvo. application years: 1975-2012 magnaflow performance exhaust cross member-back systems are engineered to deliver the best power and sound for classic car, muscle car and truck applications. fitment and adjustability are key elements designed into each system to provide the customer or installer with a hassle free installation. due to the nature of some custom vehicles, some kits may require professional installation or fabrication for power train, chassis or suspension alterations. magnaflow manifold pipes were developed to compliment our cross member-back performance exhaust systems offering a direct-fitting, custom fabrication-free installation for those customers utilizing oem exhaust manifolds. each manifold pipe system is designed to work with our matching cross member-back performance exhaust system in either 2.50" or 3.00" diameters. magnaflow performance exhaust cross member-back systems are available in two exhaust pipe diameters: tru-x dual 2.50" developed to support oem power levels up to 500. rwhp and provide a comfortable exhaust note tru-x dual 3.00" capabilities to support horsepower levels in excess of 500 rwhp or for those seeking an aggressive exhaust note magnaflow engineered each system to have all the necessary components for a complete installation. new mounting brackets and isolators are provided so that each installation can be configured to meet the specific needs of each vehicle. product line coverage vehicle categories: us market domestic truck, passenger car, and sports car application makes: buick, chevrolet, chrysler, dodge, ford, gmc, mercury, oldsmobile, plymouth and pontiac application years: 1955-1974 magnaflow performance exhaust axle-back systems are engineered to deliver the best power and sound on a budget. axle-back exhaust systems are designed to replace the rearmost section of the oem exhaust alleviating the restriction caused by the oem muffler assembly but re-using the majority of the piping. magnaflow performance exhaust axle-back systems provide the quickest and easiest installations only requiring minimal hand tools and weld-free attachment. magnaflow's passenger car, sports car and compact performance applications have two series which identify basic performance and sound characteristics: street/touring series exhaust systems are designed for those seeking increased performance and better economy balanced with interior and exterior noise levels. these systems are tested against sae j1169 standards. competition/sport series exhaust systems are designed for those seeking maximum performance, reduced mass and an aggressive exhaust note that demands attention. these systems may not comply with all local or federal noise requirements. product line coverage vehicle categories:	us market domestic and import passenger car, and sports car application makes: bmw, chevrolet, chrysler, dodge, ford, mercedes-benz, mitsubishi, nissan, pontiac, scion and toyota application years: 2000-2012 magnaflow performance exhaust filter-back dpf diesel systems are engineered to deliver the best power and sound without removing the oem downpipe and catalytic converter. filter-back diesel systems are designed to replace the entire exhaust system from behind the oem downpipe and catalytic converter. magnaflow makes the filter-back diesel systems available in all three diesel series: magnaflow, xl and pro-series. in addition to the three product line series, magnaflow offers multiple variations of the cat-back diesel performance exhaust system to support different power levels: 5" turbo-back single side exit 4" to 5" transition downpipes designed to support extensively modified performance diesel applications. lower egts and substantially higher flow capacity for maximum power. 4" turbo-back single side exit 4" downpipe for reduced egts and increased flow capacity will support high power street and race diesel applications. 4" turbo-back dual split side exit 4" downpipe for reduced egts and increased flow capacity will support high power street and race diesel applications with dual 4" exits. product line coverage vehicle categories: us market domestic diesel truck and suv application makes: chevrolet, dodge, ford, and gmc application years: 2008-2012 turn down before the axle design provides an aggressive exhaust note and allows for use on vehicles with highly modified suspension systems. lifted, lowered, air bagged or long travel, the off-road pro-series provides the most versatility to accommodate nearly every configuration. engineered for maximum power and minimal weight using the same state-of-the-art manufacturing needed for lifetime warranty quality, these systems eliminate the need for custom fabrication with true bolt-on fitment. magnaflow glass pack mufflers are universal mufflers that feature a free-flowing, straight-through perforated core, and acoustical packing material to deliver that smooth, deep tone to ensure long life and no sound degradation over time. they are ideal for custom exhaust systems for street rods, hot rods, muscle cars, low riders and street trucks. magnaflow performance exhaust turbo-back diesel systems are engineered to deliver the best power and sound for high performance diesel applications. turbo-back diesel systems are designed to replace the entire exhaust system from the turbocharger back. in some applications this may eliminate the catalytic converter deeming these systems "off-road." magnaflow makes the turbo-back diesel systems available in all three diesel series: magnaflow, xl and pro-series. in addition to the three product line series, magnaflow offers multiple variations of the turbo-back diesel performance exhaust system to support different power levels: 5" turbo-back single side exit 4" to 5" transition downpipes designed to support extensively modified performance diesel applications. lower egts and substantially higher flow capacity for maximum power. 4" turbo-back single side exit 4" downpipe for reduced egts and increased flow capacity will support high power street and race diesel applications 4" turbo-back dual split side exit 4" downpipe for reduced egts and increased flow capacity will support high power street and race diesel applications with dual 4" exits 4" turbo-back tuner single side exit 3.5" downpipe coupled to the 4" exhaust for mildly modified diesel applications. product line coverage vehicle categories: us market domestic diesel truck and suv application makes: chevrolet, dodge, ford, and gmc application years:1998-2008 magnaflow performance exhaust downpipe-back diesel systems are engineered to deliver the best power and sound without removing the oem downpipe. downpipe-back diesel systems are designed to replace the entire exhaust system from behind the oem downpipe. in some applications this may eliminate the catalytic converter deeming these systems "off-road." magnaflow makes the downpipe-back diesel systems available in two of the three diesel series: magnaflow and xl. 4" downpipe-back single side exit 4" exhaust replacing the oem behind the downpipe for increased flow capacity to support high power street diesel applications. product line coverage vehicle categories: us market domestic diesel truck and suv application makes: ford application years:1994-2003 magnaflow performance exhaust cat-back diesel systems are engineered to deliver the best power and sound without removing the oem downpipe and catalytic converter. cat-back diesel systems are designed to replace the entire exhaust system from behind the oem downpipe and catalytic converter. magnaflow makes the cat-back diesel systems available in all three diesel series: magnaflow, xl and pro-series. in addition to the three product line series, magnaflow offers multiple variations of the cat-back diesel performance exhaust system to support different power levels: 5" turbo-back single side exit 4" to 5" transition downpipes designed to support extensively modified performance diesel applications. lower egts and substantially higher flow capacity for maximum power. 4" turbo-back single side exit 4" downpipe for reduced egts and increased flow capacity will support high power street and race diesel applications 4" turbo-back dual split side exit 4" downpipe for reduced egts and increased flow capacity will support high power street and race diesel applications with dual 4" exits product line coverage vehicle categories: us market domestic diesel truck and suv application makes: chevrolet, dodge, ford, and gmc application years: 1994-2007 magnaflow performance mufflers are 100% stainless steel and lap-joint welded for solid construction and rugged reliability even in the most extreme conditions. they feature a free-flowing, straight-through perforated stainless steel core, stainless mesh wrap and acoustical fiber fill to deliver that smooth, deep tone. mufflers are packed tight with this acoustical material unlike some others' products to ensure long life and no sound degradation over time. warranty ‐ lifetime warranty. compare magnaflow's exhaust products with any other manufacturer and you will see why magnaflow has become a leader in the manufacturing of catalytic converters and exhaust products. our years of research and development have resulted in many unique features that are exclusive to magnaflow. we combine efficient industrial design to produce an end process and product that sets, rather than meets, the highest standards of product performance and efficiency in the industry. magnaflow is the choice for discerning consumers that want superior quality, but do not want to pay original equipment prices. magnaflow is also the choice for installers that want to do the job right the first time and don't want engine light comebacks. it is no wonder why magnaflow is also the choice of mario andretti, chip foose, robby gordon, dennis anderson, big daddy don garlits as well as thousands of other professional and amateur mechanics and enthusiasts. don garlits mario andretti chip foose marco andretti featured magnaflow parts catalytic converterexhaust pipeexhaust pipe expanderexhaust systemexhaust tipmufflertail pipex pipey pipe featured makes acura parts alfa romeo parts am general parts aston martin parts audi parts bmw parts buick parts cadillac parts chevrolet parts chrysler parts daewoo parts daihatsu parts dodge parts eagle parts ferrari parts fiat parts ford parts geo parts gmc parts honda parts hummer parts hyundai parts infiniti parts isuzu parts jaguar parts jeep parts kia parts lamborghini parts land rover parts lexus parts lincoln parts mazda parts mercedes benz parts mercury parts mini parts mitsubishi parts nissan parts oldsmobile parts peugeot parts plymouth parts pontiac parts porsche parts rolls royce parts saab parts saturn parts scion parts subaru parts suzuki parts toyota parts triumph parts volkswagen parts volvo parts yugo parts join our growing community & get facebook deals! follow us on: get email exclusives! sign up to receive discounts and promotions about about us autopartswarehouse reviews affiliate program refer a friend help center live chat contact us returns auto repair help find parts that fit how to shop privacy policy see all your account login/register your account track order retrieve quote cart let's talk call 1.800.913.6027 our 24/7 toll-free phone support live chat with one of our auto parts experts 801-214-2997 is our alternative number how do you like our website tell us your feedback » we accept read all autopartswarehouse reviews » replacement parts | performance parts | models | sitemap copyright © 2000-2012 autopartswarehouse. all rights reserved. close × select your vehicle for compatible products, please select your vehicle year, make and model. to ensure a perfect fit, some parts may require submodel and engine type information too. select year... select make... select model... select submodel... select engine type...