来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151116202702/http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/shop_brands/standard.html
================================================================================

standard ignition wire set, idle control valve, distributor cap now shipping to canada unique product offerings no brokerage fee top-notch customer service visit apw canada x free shipping on orders over $50 + 5% back in apw rewards my account track order help live chat go order by phone (se habla español) 1-800-913-6119 | 1-801-214-2997 auto body parts& mirrorsheadlights& lightingengine& drivetrainbrakes, suspension& steeringinterioraccessoriesexterioraccessorieswheels& tirestools& garage apwpart finder my vehicle add new select year select make select model select submodel select engine filter products by category car cover (381) dash cover (58) light bulb (53) spark plug (47) wiper blade (42) drive belt (35) thermostat (25) view all catalytic converter (25) tie rod end (24) headlight (22) headlight bulb (22) brake caliper (22) radiator hose (21) radiator cap (21) antenna (20) oxygen sensor (19) wiper refill (18) spark plug wire (17) battery cable (17) oil filter (17) pet pad (16) distributor rotor (16) water pump (15) lug nut (15) motor and transmission mount (14) oil cooler (14) fuel filter (14) ignition coil (14) fuel pump (13) brake shoe set (12) carpet kit (12) seat belt (11) air filter (11) wheel cylinder (10) brake pad set (10) alternator (10) gas cap (9) seal (9) ignition condenser (9) distributor cap (9) cv boot (9) wheel bearing (9) valve cover gasket (9) axle nut (9) battery (8) manual (8) ignition points (8) ball joint (8) starter (8) exhaust gasket (8) view less standard intermotor home » standard standard standard about us about standard about intermotor products product statement products categories accelerator pedal sensors anti-lock (abs) sensors brake pad wear sensors fuel pressure regulators idle control valve dis control module distributor caps pcv valve egr valves fuel injectors ignition coil-on-plug (cop) ignition wire sets knock sensors oxygen (o2) sensors relays sensors switches throttle position sensors tpms vehicle speed sensors just the facts videos contact us just the facts [close] just the facts: accelerator pedal sensors just the facts: air charge/manifold temperature sensors just the facts: anti-lock (abs) sensors just the facts: anti-lock brake (abs) sensors testing just the facts: barometric pressure (baro) sensors just the facts: brake pad wear sensors just the facts: camshaft/crankshaft position sensors just the facts: camshaft synchronizer assemblies just the facts: coolant temperature sensors just the facts: daytime running light kits just the facts: dis control modules just the facts: don't get po'ed with po401 codes just the facts: egr position and egr pressure sensors just the facts: fuel injectors just the facts: ignition coil-on-plug (cop) just the facts: knock (detonation) sensors just the facts: maf (mass air flow) sensors just the facts: map (manifold absolute pressure) sensors just the facts: oxygen (o2) sensors just the facts: throttle position sensors just the facts: tire pressure monitoring (tpms) sensors just the facts: two or four? that is the question! just the facts: vehicle speed sensors just the facts: vehicle warning lights just the facts: water intrusion and premature coil failure (uf303) videos [close] tpms by standard fuel injection replacement by standard the cleen plan by standard 21st century tune-up by standard ecm/pcm replacement fuel injection replacement by standard the cleen plan by standard testing multiple ignition coils with one connection honda variable cylinder management (vcm ) system compression sense ignition, who fires first! identifying vacuum leaks with scan data 1999 acura tl 3.2l engine 2003 acura mdx 3.5l engine 1995 volkswagen jetta - crank / no start 1999 acura tl 3.2l engine honda variable cylinder management (vcm ) system identifying vacuum leaks with scan data accelerator pedal sensors the accelerator pedal sensor indicates the position of the accelerator on vehicle models with electronic throttle control. the aps is basically a throttle position sensor (tps) with a pedal attached. a standard® accelerator pedal sensors utilize drive-by-wire technology, consistently been first to market in this category and has the aps line to over 150 skus with an emphasis on the import applications. as a basic manufacturer, standard® has complete control of the manufacturing process from componentry to finished product. standard® pedal sensors maintain specific installed outputs to match oe rather than adjustable consolidated designs. each sensor undergoes rigorous end-of-line testing with thousands of data points to validate output voltages for optimum performance and trouble-free operation. shop now! anti-lock (abs) sensors the anti-lock braking system uses an abs or wheel sensor to monitor the wheel speed and send this information to the abs computer. the abs computer uses this information to prevent the brakes from locking during an emergency stop. if wheel speeds are not equal the computer modulates the anti-lock feature until the speeds are equalized. the abs sensor is typically located in each wheel hub/rotor on a four channel abs system. some rear wheel drive applications have the sensor mounted in the rear differential. a failing sensor can illuminate the vehicle warning light or abs warning lamp, and may cause failure of the anti-lock braking system to operate safely and properly. as a basic manufacturer, standard® has complete control of the manufacturing process from componentry to finished product. the standard® abs sensor line has complete coverage for domestic and import applications. shop now! brake pad wear sensors the brake pad wear sensor, or brake wear indicator, is an added safety feature on many vehicles used to warn a vehicle's driver if their brake pad's life becomes too low. brake pad wear sensors are designed to "fail" as brake pads wear. they should be changed whenever the pads are replaced or when the vehicle's warning light indicates. offered in our intermotor brand, we have the most complete brake pad wear sensor line in the industry. these are direct oe replacements with perfect fit, finish and function for flawless operation. as a basic manufacturer, intermotor™ has complete control of the manufacturing process from componentry to finished product. coming soon! dis control module a distributorless ignition system (dis) control module controls current flow to the coils. the dis module processes sensor inputs about crankshaft position and engine speed to establish ignition timing and sequence. standard's modules undergo extensive testing ensuring better quality, increased confidence, enhanced performance, and improved durability. standard® dis modules are engineered with flip chips to provide the best connections and are matched to the thermal expansion properties of our ceramic substrate eliminating failure due to broken connections between the chip and the board. we use double wire bonds to make better connections for greater dependability and longer life, despite intense vibration and other harsh conditions. all standard® dis modules contain a copper slug heat sink that provides better heat dissipation to prevent damage to the module. the electronic suppression diode (esd) protects the unit from voltage spikes that could destroy it. standard's comprehensive coverage provides the perfect form, fit and function demanded by today's top technicians. coming soon! distributor caps a premium quality distributor cap could be the component your car needs. standard® distributor caps fit many vehicle makes and models and are equal to or better than the original. standard® caps are made of high dielectric strength, glass/mineral reinforced polyester resin for less carbon tracking, greater resistance to electrical breakdown, and superior performance. solid brass terminals make better connections and greater resistance to electrical pitting and corrosion. standard® caps simply last longer and perform better.our standard® distributor caps exhibit superior finishes and provide better ignition system performance. we offer high-quality distributor caps for your automotive needs. shop now! pcv valve shop now! idle control valve shop now! fuel pressure regulators shop now! egr valves the egr valve helps your car more efficiently and effectively burn fuel by re-circulating a portion of your exhaust and running it through the combustion process again. this results in a cooler, more complete burn of the fuel which decreases your car's noxious emissions by prohibiting the formation of some harmful gases. standard® egr valves are designed as direct-fit oe replacements. all stainless steel internal components and fully encapsulated copper windings and connections on standard® electronic egr valves ensure precision operation and greater protection against the tough operating environment. standard® egr valves are engineered for an extended service life and has an improved anti-rust coating on the machine casting for additional protection against rust for maximum life. standard® electronic egr valves have fully encapsulated copper windings and connections for protection. our egr valves have injection molded high temperature polymer to prevent high temperature failure rate. standard's electronic egr valves are made of palladium/gold/platinum alloy with a teflon® based lubricant to ensure very low contact resistance. standard® electronic egr valves have an expected life greater than 16 million cycles. standard® applies a teflon® based lubricant on the sensor circuit and contact wiper on all electronic egr valves to ensures a smooth and consistent contact interface between the wiper and printed circuit. shop now! fuel injectors a fuel injector is a computer controlled solenoid that, when energized, releases fuel into a cylinder during the intake stroke of the engine. it is designed to spray the fuel in a specific pattern which is determined to best atomize fuel within the cylinder insuring efficient combustion. standard's fuel injectors are built in our ts16949 certified oe manufacturing plant where they undergo extensive testing ensuring better quality, increased confidence, enhanced performance, and improved durability. standard® flow matched injectors promote smooth engine operation and balanced fuel delivery reducing overall fuel consumption and harmful emissions. stainless steel calibration slide and spring assembly prevents corrosion within the fuel control body leading to an extended service life. precision wound and trimmed solenoid windings allow the computer to command efficient delivery of fuel and high-temp viton o-rings enable prolonged sealing of injector under extreme heat condition. the coil is made with high quality insulated copper wire to guard against electrical shorts. internal components are made from stainless steel, eliminating potential rust damage from flaking or nozzle clogs. this ensures a proper spray pattern and delivery of the exact amount of fuel.standard® fuel injectors are application-specific and precision-engineered to the original vehicle manufacturer's specifications for perfect fit and performance. shop now!! ignition coil-on-plug (cop) the ignition coil converts a low voltage current to high voltage energy that is delivered to the spark plug to ignite the air fuel mixture within the cylinder. a coil-on-plug is designed to perform the functions of both the ignition coil which creates the spark energy, and the spark plug wire set that is designed to contain and deliver the high voltage energy to the spark plug. standard's coil-on-plug assemblies are engineered and tested to meet or exceed oe standards for spark energy, impedance, and durability. the core has an internal neodymium permanent magnet surrounded by grain-oriented magnetic laminated steel-for maximum voltage output at all speeds. the primary winding has a 200°c insulated coating over a premium 25 gauge copper wire, allowing low voltage to generate a strong magnetic field. a high temperature insulation coating prevents shorts between the windings under extreme operating conditions. a standard® cop bobbin is made from fiber reinforced polyphenylene oxide glass material which has outstanding dielectric properties to keep the voltage directed along the correct path-providing long life under extreme high-voltage conditions. the high impact case is tough and durable with excellent thermal qualities and the high temperature spark plug boot contains a conductive stainless steel spring with radio static noise suppressor-both are built for long life in all operating conditions. shop now! ignition wire sets standard® offers a complete line of ignition wire sets including late model to older applications. our premium-quality product line includes: ignition wire sets, single ignition leads, battery cables, primary wire, solderless terminals, trailer cables, plus tools and accessories for every electrical need. standard® ignition wire sets feature a conductive silicone core that provides unsurpassed toughness and heat resistance. aramid fibers provide maximum tensile strength preventing breaks and hot spots. standard® wire sets use graphite impregnated latex as a conductive material with calibrated resistance to prevent radio frequency interference. a conductive silicone core made of silicone rubber provides unsurpassed heat resistance and eliminates burn-out. standard® also uses epdm rubber insulation, the finest insulating material available, to protect against voltage leaks. a fiberglass braid adds to the wire's strength while increasing overall flexibility. standard® employs a silicone outer jacket to match the original and provides superior protection against the severe under-hood operating environment. shop now! knock sensors the knock sensor creates a voltage signal based on the vibrations caused by detonation. the computer uses this signal to retard timing when spark knock occurs. the knock sensor is typically located in the lower engine block, cylinder head or intake manifold. standard® knock sensors are designed to respond to knock frequencies up to 1000 hz accommodating shifts in engine knock frequency making it a more flexible sensor responding to correct engine knock over a broad range of vehicle conditions. manufacturing processes include an automated data acquisition system to continuously monitor the sensor output to ensure that it responds with appropriate voltage output at the specified frequency range. all standard® knock sensors are 100% tested using an accelerometer vibration test to ensure trouble-free operation. shop now! oxygen (o2) sensors an o2 sensor relays information to the ecm using the oxygen content in the exhaust which enables the ecm to control the air/fuel mixture for efficient combustion. standard® sensors undergo 100% testing, ensuring better quality, increased confidence, and improved performance. in addition, standard® sensors are thermally conditioned, burning off any contaminants to prolong unit life and performance. manufactured with a stainless steel shell that reduces rusting and provides greater dependability. the center ceramic element is composed of zirconium oxide, alumina and yttrium oxide. the platinum coating is applied using vapor deposition to ensure an even application. a spinel coating on the outer platinum layer prevents solid particles in the exhaust gas from damaging the platinum coating. shop now! relays as the automotive industry continues to introduce more electronic systems, relays will play a greater role in daily operation and repairs. standard® offers a full line of accessory and electronic relays for late model and older applications. standard® manufactures and distributes many different types of relays for numerous engine management components and systems including: air conditioner systems, abs, compressor cut-offs, blower motors, delay switches, alarm systems, headlights, turn signals, battery saver systems, electronic engine control system, fuel pump, and many other systems. shop now! sensors computers receive information from many different sensors, process the information and then send commands to other components throughout the vehicle. standard® offers the highest quality engine components, computerized engine controls and sensors. standard® manufactures and offers many different types of sensors including: map, anti-lock brake, accelerator pedal, tire pressure monitoring, throttle position, camshaft and crankshaft position, coolant temperature, air temperature, knock, vehicle speed, abs speed, efr position and more. shop now! switches late model vehicles combine switch controls onto a single column mounted switch assembly so that the driver has ready access to systems such as windshield wipers and washer, turn signals, headlights, and cruise control. these are all designed within a single multi-function switch so that the driver is able to keep his hands on the steering wheel during adverse weather or driving conditions that would require the use of these systems. standard carries hundreds of multifunction switches for import and domestic vehicles. standard® offers many other types of switches including: cruise control, dimmer, door jamb, fog light, headlight, heated seat, parking brake, power door lock, power mirror, power seat, power window, rear defogger, temperature control, trunk release, turn signal, windshield wiper, and more. shop now! throttle position sensors the throttle position sensor moves with the throttle and sends a voltage signal to the computer indicating throttle angle and speed of movement data. the computer uses this data to measure engine load, adjust timing, fuel delivery, egr, converter clutch operation and clear flood mode. a failing tps can illuminate the check engine light and cause the engine to hesitate upon acceleration or experience idling problems. standard® tps maintain specific installed outputs to match oe rather than adjustable consolidated designs. circuits are printed on flexible polyimide film or ceramic-based substrates for excellent dimensional stability preventing electrical performance drift. noble palladium/gold/platinum alloys provide low contact resistance for extended service life. every standard® tps uses integral rotor bearings and return springs for easy installation. each sensor undergoes rigorous end-of-line testing with thousands of data points to validate output voltages for optimum performance and trouble-free operation. shop now! tpms tpms systems help protect consumers by raising awareness of tire pressure, resulting in proper tire maintenance. proper tire inflation leads to better vehicle handling, decreased tire wear and improved fuel efficiency. standard® sensors are designed to operate within a tighter radio frequency (rf) eliminating most external interference for a more accurate monitoring of the tires. standard® offers a full line of oe matching sensors including valve stem type direct tpms, banded type direct tpms and valve stem tpms kits, plus an installer tpms accessory kit assortment. standard® provides full coverage for import and domestic applications. shop now! vehicle speed sensors the vehicle speed sensor or vss measures transmission/transaxle output or wheel speed. the ecm uses this information to modify engine functions such as ignition timing, af ratio, transmission shift points, and to initiate diagnostic routines. a faulty vss can illuminate the mil, and may cause numerous and varying drivability problems due to the number of tasks the sensor output is involved in. as a basic manufacturer, standard® has complete control of the manufacturing process from componentry to finished product for a trouble-free product. standard® vss are 100% environmental, endurance and end-of-line testing for signal amplitude and polarity ensures consistent product reliability and performance. shop now! our products fuel system & components fuel injector fuel injector seal fuel o-ring fuel pressure regulator fuel rail electronic control module, ignition & distributors ecm ignition coil ignition coil air filters & intake systems egr valve idle control valve mass air flow sensor standard air inject check valve diesel injector starters , alternators and components starter drive starter solenoid alternator rectifier alternator trio diode spark plugs, wires and components spark plug wire spark plug wire boot distributor wire battery cable blower control switch oxygen sensor and components oxygen sensor oxygen sensor adapter emission system components egr pressure feedback sensor egr temperature sensor egr vacuum controller egr vacuum solenoid egr valve gasket egr valve position sensor intercoolers,superchargers, turbos and components turbo boost sender cams, timing and valvetrain camshaft position sensor cranks, pistons & oil components crankshaft position sensor oil level sensor oil pressure switch other gaskets and seals grommet parking brake, abs and related components abs control module speed sensor tire pressure monitoring systems and components tpms sensor axles, driveshafts and all wheel drive components 4wd actuator door handles, locks and accessories door jamb switch door lock door lock actuator door lock cylinder door lock switch bulbs and sockets bulb socket flasher cooling systems coolant level sensor coolant temperature sensor temperature sender choke thermostat relays relay relay module resistors blower motor resistor switches back up light switch blower control switch brake light switch clutch pedal ignition switch cruise control switch fan switch fuel tank selector switch hazard flasher switch headlight switch oil pressure switch window switch horns horns featured standard parts a.i.r. pipeair inject check valveair temperature sensorautomatic transmission solenoidbody wiring harnesscamshaft position sensorcold start valvecoolant temperature sensorcrankcase breatherdistributor capdiverter valveegr vacuum solenoidegr valveegr valve gasketegr valve position sensorfuel injectorfuel injector o-ringfuel pressure regulatorfuel railfuel rail o ring kitheater temp sensoridle control valveidle solenoidignition condenserignition wire setknock sensormap sensoroxygen sensorpcv valvepcv valve grommetpower steering pressure switchpreglow time relaypurge valvetail light bulb holderthermo vacuum valvethrottle body repair kitthrottle position sensortrailer wire connectorvacuum check valvevapor canistervehicle speed sensor free shipping on orders over $50* | lowest prices guaranteed*| over 2,345,124 customers served since 1995 what our customers say award winning customer service earn apw reward points our loyalty program just got better! more rewards, easier redemption, bigger savings. learn more sign up for savings privacy policy already a customer? sign in about apw company info affiliates testimonials loyalty program press releases contact us apw in the news california supply chain disclosure help center faqs coupons & rebates policies my account track order retrieve quote sitemap years makes models parts brands copyright ©1995-2015 auto parts warehouse. all rights reserved.please read auto parts warehouse's updated privacy policy