来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161222213849/http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/FAQ.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions (faq) - auto parts warehouse shop by category auto body parts & mirrors headlights & lighting engine & drivetrain brakes, suspension & steering interior accessories exterior accessories wheels tires tools & garage shopping outside the us? international shipping is now available! × shop by category auto body parts & mirrors headlights & lighting engine & drivetrain brakes, suspension & steering interior accessories exterior accessories wheels tires tools & garage free shipping on orders over $50 + 5% back in apw rewards my account track order help live chat go order by phone (se habla español) 1-800-913-6119|1-801-214-2997 cart auto body parts& mirrors headlights& lighting engine& drivetrain brakes, suspension& steering interioraccessories exterioraccessories wheels& tires tools& garage frequently asked questions using this site q : what is a universal part? how do i make sure it will fit my car? a : a universal part is not a direct part, which means that its specifications (measurements, alignments) are not exactly the same as the one your car requires. it will fit any year, make, and model, but you might need to do some modifications to the part in order to make it fit. this applies to non-accessory items like body parts, brake parts, suspension parts, etc. to make sure that the universal part will fit your car exactly, take note of your car’s specs carefully before making any modifications. most of our products come with detailed, easy-to-follow instructions to help you make the necessary adjustments correctly. q : your site banners claim they offer up to x% off on xxx brand part. how do i know it is really on sale? a : once you click on a banner that says a certain part is on sale, the discount is automatically applied to your cart when you check out. you can check the price total in the check out page to see if the discount applied is as advertised. in case the discount did not apply, clear your shopping cart. go to the item you want to buy, add it to the cart. then visit the checkout page and apply the coupon if not yet applied. view the total shipping price to see how much you'll save. q : why does your site say your item is “in stock” when i order only to find out later that it isn’t? what happens to my order invoice if the item i purchased is not available? a : at auto parts warehouse, we go to great lengths to make sure that every product we offer on our site is in stock. however, while these cases are rare, there may be times when we are unable to fill an order due to unanticipated demand for a certain product. when these instances happen, we issue a refund right away and notify you through email. the refund process starts as soon as the problem is determined and will take 5-7 days for the amount to get credited back to your account. q : why can’t i add / remove items from my shopping cart? a : sometimes, when you can’t add or remove items from your cart, it could be that there are some problems with the page or with your internet connection. in case that happens, clear your cart or refresh the page. once the page has refreshed, you can add or remove your purchases again. if you still encounter trouble adding or removing items from your shopping cart, you may need to clear your browser’s cache or modify the “cookies” function of your browser. you can also call our toll-free number at 1-800-913-6119, or use our live help program on our home page for assistance. our customer service representatives are available round-the-clock to resolve any issues you may encounter online q : what are cookies? how do i enable and/or delete cookies on my browser? a : cookies are small bits of text generated by a server and sent to the browser to identify a person for a particular session. cookies are vital for staying logged-on and for remembering information such as user preferences and the items currently in your shopping cart. the method for setting cookie preferences and deleting cookies differs per browser. for mozilla firefox users, go to tools and then go to options. click the privacy tab and then you’ll see the cookie preferences. simply check or uncheck the checkbox if you want to accept or reject cookies from websites. you can also clear or delete your cookies from there. for internet explorer users, go to tools > internet options and select the general tab. you can view, delete, and change the settings for cookies and other temporary internet files in the browsing history section. for safari users, go to safari > preferences and then click security. you can choose the settings for how safari handles cookies in the accept cookies section. you can see more information about the cookies stored on your computer by clicking show cookies. q : why can’t i log in to my account? i forgot my username and⁄or password. how do i retrieve it? a : login user names and passwords are case-sensitive. please make sure to log in the exact combination of upper and lower case characters that you registered with. in order to retrieve a lost username and⁄or password, please provide us with any information you have (i.e. order number, full name, etc.) which we can use to pull up your log in details. you can log on to our live help and discuss your account with one of our representatives, or go to your account and click the “forgot your password” link. after which, provide the email address you are using with auto parts warehouse, and your log in details will promptly be emailed to you. you can also call us at 1-888-279-0864 for your issues online. our customer service representatives are always ready to assist you. q : how do i know my transaction is secure? a : to protect you from cyber crimes like identity theft and credit card fraud, our site is regularly checked and tested to pass the hacker safe security scan. a "live" hacker safe mark only appears when a web site has passed hacker safe standards. auto parts warehouse uses the strongest level of security available in the internet, called the secure socket layer (ssl) technology. it encrypts information sent through the internet and ensures that this information maintains its integrity all throughout the transmission. that means only auto parts warehouse can read your personal information. please refer to our privacy and security section for more information. q : what is a save quote number? do i have to give you my name and contact details in order to save the items in my shopping cart? a : the save quote button allows you to save the price quoted on your orders for future reference. once you’ve saved your quote, you are given a save quote number. by keying in your save quote number (for example: 1088443) at the retrieve quote interface, you can retrieve your previous shopping session with the site. before getting a save quote number, customers are asked to register their full name, email address, and phone number with the site. pricing, coupons and rebates q : i want to buy an alternator on your site and noticed that there is a core price listed together with the item price. what is a core and why am i being charged for this? a : there are certain types of auto parts such as alternators, starters, air conditioning compressors, and brake master cylinders that can be reconditioned, recycled, or remanufactured to oem standards for future sale and use. the components of the part that can be remanufactured have a core deposit which is then 100% refunded when buyers return their old part. in short, the “core” is your old part. send us your old part and the core deposit will be refunded to you upon receipt. detailed instructions will come with your order. note: core return shipping charges, however, are the full responsibility of the customer, and are not refundable. q: how do i return a core? core return instructions: fill out a return request form. we will email you a return authorization number (ra) within 2-3 days to track your return request. remove any items from the core that are needed for proper installation of the replacement part. any parts not included in the replacement package but are still attached to the core return will not be returned. drain any kind of fluid from the core, if necessary. to avoid any leakage during shipping, seal the core in a properly secured plastic bag. put bagged core in the manufacturer's box and include a copy of your invoice in the package. secure the boxed core with adequate packing material to assure that it arrives undamaged. return within 30 days after receipt of the replacement part. core returns must meet the following requirements to be eligible for refund: must be returned with the return authorization number (ra) and a copy of the of the original invoice/packing slip. must be received within 30 days of the original invoice date. should be packed in original manufacturer's box (or as required by manufacturer). should be fully assembled, complete and in rebuildable condition based on manufacturer's standards. disassembled cores will not be accepted for refund. returned core must have the identical sku as the new part purchased. core deposit is non-refundable, if core is determined to be non-rebuildable by the manufacturer because of: broken or dented parts stripped threads or ports mounts or housings that are damaged, cracked, or unusable extensive rust or corrosion missing, unoriginal, or disassembled parts q: how soon will i get my core refund? a: upon clearance by the rebuilder, apw will refund the core deposit. refunds are usually processed within 30 days after receipt by apw. customer will be notified in the event of a refused or reduced credit. q: what if i don’t have a core to return? a: if you do not have a core available to return within 30 days of the original purchase date, the core charge will not be refunded. q : who can qualify for a coupon code? where can i get one? can i use more than one coupon on my order? a : everyone is qualified to get a coupon, and it can be obtained through affiliate sites and by email updates from the company. the coupons are tagged with different numbers, meaning they represent different discount offers. some coupons are valid only for a fixed period and may not be used with another coupon or be combined with another promo on the same order. only one coupon code is allowed per order. q : how do i subscribe / unsubscribe to email updates? a : to subscribesubmit your e-mail address through the “get exclusive email deals” boxes you can find around our website or click here to sign up. to unsubscribeat the bottom page of our e-mails, we have an “unsubscribe” link. simply click it and answer the questions that follow, then you will be unsubscribed from the next e-mail send-outs. q : i found a manufacturer’s rebate for an eligible part that i just purchased from your site. how do i collect the rebate? a : make sure the part you purchased qualifies for the manufacturer’s rebate. download and print out the rebate form from the manufacturer’s site. fill out the form and follow the redemption instructions. all requested materials should be mailed to the address indicated and must be postmarked by the promo expiration date. q : do i have to mail the completed form to both the manufacturer and to your site? can i send the completed form through email? a : you do not need to mail a copy of the rebate form to us. once you complete the form, simply mail the requested materials by post to the manufacturer and wait for your voucher or promo item to arrive. unless specified otherwise by the manufacturer, rebates can only be sent by mail to the address listed on the rebate form billing and shipping/checkout q : how do you compute for the sales tax on my order/invoice? a : sales tax on your orders is composed of state rates and district rates. the sales tax percentage ranges from 5% to 9.250%, depending on your state and district’s rates. for example: you are from beverly hills, los angeles and you ordered a $100.00 item. the state rate in beverly hills is 8.75 percent and the district rate is 1.00 percent. when you combine the two rates, you get the total sales tax percentage, which is 9.750 percent. what you do is divide your total purchase by 100 and multiply it by 9.750 (your sales tax). for this example, the sales tax amounts to $9.75. this means that the buyer will pay a total of $109.75 for the aforementioned item. q : do you accept check, money order, or wire transfer as payment options? a : yes, we accept check, money order, and wire transfer (or electronic debit) as payment options. transactions through paypal, billmelater, and google checkout are some of the easiest and most flexible ways of payment online. we also accept payments from major credit card companies visa, mastercard, american express, and discover card. q : what are your accredited payment processors? a : you can pay your bill through paypal, google checkout or bill me later. q : how do i use paypal, google checkout, and bill me later? a : when you go to the checkout page, you will see the buttons or tick boxes of paypal, google checkout and bill me later at the lower part of the page. simply click on or check any of them and you will be prompted to sign into your account. if you don’t have an existing account for any of these payment processors, you will have to register your own to complete your checkout q : i tried checking out with bill me later but my credit request was denied. why? what are the pre-approval requirements? a: if your credit request is denied, it is possible that the purchase you are trying to make is greater than your current available credit. if the purchase is well within your credit limit, you may have a problem with your credit record. please refer to bill me later credit section for more information, or check out bill me later’s account agreement and website q : during the checkout process, i noticed “phone number” was a required field. why do you need my phone number? a : we collect your phone number as well as your other contact details so we can immediately inform you if there’s a problem with your account or purchase. we may also contact you in case we need to verify or clarify information you provided us. rest assured that we will keep your personal information private. autopartswarehouse.com may engage with other companies for certain transactions, but we will not share your contact details and other personally identifiable information unless necessary and with your permission. for more information, please read our privacy policy. q : what are your shipping methods? why are some items only shipped ground? a : our shipping methods include ups ground shipping, fed ex ground shipping for performance parts, and truck freight for oversized packages. some items are only shipped ground to maintain cargo safety and protection. q : if i choose overnight delivery, will my package arrive the next day? what company is your accredited air freight forwarder(s)? a : in case you choose overnight delivery, the arrival time of your package depends on the airfreight carrier. the airfreight carrier may extend its delivery time by a day for residential deliveries. we are not liable in such cases, and airfreight charges will not be refunded in these conditions. also, there are no overnight or two-day deliveries on saturdays, sundays, and holidays. if you place your order for overnight and two-day delivery on a weekend or a holiday, be aware that the shipping cycle for these orders starts on the next available business day. all orders must be received before 1:00 pm eastern time (10:00 am pacific time) mondays to fridays. overnight and two-day shipping methods, meanwhile, are not available for performance part orders. airborne and dhl are our accredited air freight forwarders. q : how do i qualify for free shipping? why don’t you ship free to alaska and hawaii regardless of my total order cost? a : you can qualify for our free ups ground shipping service for orders beyond $50.00. this applies for all u.s. states except hawaii and alaska. delivery takes about five to seven business days. shipping to alaska and hawaii requires a shipping charge regardless of the total order cost. free shipping does not apply to alaska and hawaii due to their locations which are separate from the contiguous united states. the contiguous united states include the 48 contiguous u.s. states located at the north american continent south of the border with canada plus the district of columbia. for more information on our shipping policies, please visit http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/policy.html q : do you ship outside the united states? do you ship to us territories, apo/fpo, p.o. boxes, etc…? a : we ship to other areas outside the continental united states such as alaska and hawaii. however, shipping charges apply, and delivery time will take longer.we do not ship to puerto rico and to apos, fpos, and p.o. boxes. please visit http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/policy.html and http://stores.ebay.com/auto-parts-warehouse/store-policies.html for more information on our shipping policies. for shipping to guam and other international destinations, you can take advantage of the services that bongo international provides. use bongo international as your mail receiving agent here in the united states. you can buy products from us, have it shipped to the address bongo will provide you, and then you can tell bongo when and where you want the package shipped. for more information on bongo, please visit http://www.bongous.com/mail_forwarding_faq.php. and to know which countries bongo services, visit http://www.bongous.com/country-information-list.php. q : how do i check the status of my order? what is an order number? how do i track my order using this number? a : an order number is the number indicated in the confirmation issued by our order processing system once it has received your order. after you order from us, you will be given a username and password, which you can use to check your purchase online through your order number. to track your order number, simply click on auto parts warehouse’s your account feature. in case you lost your order number and would want to retrieve it, please provide us with the date your order was made and the full name you used upon ordering. q : i changed my mind about my purchase and want to cancel my order. how soon can i cancel my order without being billed? a : since all validated orders are immediately processed electronically, the possibility of cancelling an order is limited. cancellation of an order should be made before receipt of the invoice-payment voucher, which is sent via e-mail. only orders that have not yet been confirmed for payment can be cancelled. all orders placed from friday after 5pm est-monday 9am est cannot be cancelled as they are processed over the weekend for shipment. refer to our cancellation policy for more information. returns, refunds and warranty q : i found the exact item online priced lower than yours. why won’t your site match the price i found? can i ask for a price match on an item i found offline in a regular store? a : while we promise to match or beat the price offered lower by a competitor, auto parts warehouse still reserves the right not to do a price match. we do not price match any local retail chain, such as napa or pep boys. all orders to be price matched must be placed with a sales professional via our toll free number; we do not price match orders placed via the web. we also do not match the price of parts that are out of stock or backordered. for more on our price match policies, please check our low price guarantee program. q : how long is each item’s warranty period? is my purchase covered by both a seller’s warranty and manufacturer’s warranty? a : auto parts warehouse offers a limited warranty of 90 days, starting from the date the purchase was received by the customer. on top of our 90-day warranty, items may also be covered by a limited 90-day warranty period by the manufacturer (conditions and policies subject to change). the parts will remain under warranty provided that they are free from defects in workmanship and material. please refer to our policy page and our extended warranty page for more information on our warranty coverage and plans. q: what is the difference between your site’s warranty and the manufacturer’s warranty? what parts qualify for an extended warranty plan(s)? why do i have to pay extra for this? a: auto parts warehouse’s warranty covers the replacement of defective parts, which we will subsequently replace as long as an appropriate substitute can be found. if we do not have your part in stock, we will issue a full refund. the manufacturer’s warranty, on the other hand, differs on a case-to-case basis depending on the part and the manufacturer, as manufacturers have different limitations and coverage for their respective warranties. auto parts warehouses also offers extended warranty plans that give you added security at a nominal price. unfortunately, not all parts can be purchased with extended warranties. you can see which parts have such plans and how long the available extensions are when you view the product page and click the “extended warranty” tab beside the “compatibility info” tab right under the product description. the extra charge for these extended warranties is like purchasing longer insurance for your purchase—you can rest assured knowing that, should there be any defects or if the part fails beyond the standard warranty, you can have the product replaced because you have a longer warranty period that covers it. go to our policy page and our extended warranty page for more information on our warranty coverage and plans. q : what is a return authorization number? what can i use this number with? if i return a part, how soon can i expect my refund? a : a return authorization number, or ra number, is a reference number that you can obtain by completing the required form for any parts you would like to return. within two to three business days, ra numbers will be e-mailed along with instructions on how to return your item. you can expect your refund within 30 days after we receive your return request. the time varies depending on how long the manufacturer takes to approve the return. upon approval, we will then credit the refund to the credit card you used for the purchase and you will receive a “credit approved” e-mail. please note that the bank might take a few days to process the credit, and thus the amount might be posted on your account right away. q: are there any limitations to items that can be returned and refunded? a : there are items that cannot be returned for any reason. these include repair manuals, cd-roms, auto body parts, and special order products. electrical parts cannot be returned as well if it has been unsealed or if it has been plugged in. read our return procedure for more information on returns and refunds. a : restocking fees are charged for any items returned with complaints that are not the result of error on our part. we go to great lengths to assure that the item we ship is undamaged and perfectly functional. restocking fees are generally used to deal with the costs incurred with your return. in the long term, restocking fees help keep costs down, allowing us to offer our items at the best price possible since we don’t pass along the costs to every consumer by spreading it out through higher prices. restocking fees are 20% of the actual product price. free shipping on orders over $50* | lowest prices guaranteed* | over 2,345,124 customers served since 1995 already a customer? sign in what our customers say award winning customer service earn apw reward points our loyalty program just got better! more rewards, easier redemption, bigger savings. learn more sign up for savings sign up privacy policy about apw company info affiliates testimonials loyalty program press releases contact us apw in the news california supply chain disclosure help center faqs coupons & rebates policies terms of use my account track order retrieve quote sitemap years makes models parts brands copyright ©1995-2016 auto parts warehouse. all rights reserved.please read auto parts warehouse's updated privacy policy hide