来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171202023925/https://www.autopartswarehouse.com/help-privacy.html
================================================================================

auto parts warehouse shop by category auto body parts & mirrors headlights & lighting engine & drivetrain brakes, suspension & steering interior accessories exterior accessories wheels tires tools & garage shopping outside the us? international shipping is now available! × shop by category auto body parts & mirrors headlights & lighting engine & drivetrain brakes, suspension & steering interior accessories exterior accessories wheels tires tools & garage free shipping on orders over $50 + 5% back in apw rewards my account track order help live chat go order by phone 1-800-913-6119|1-801-214-2997 cart auto body parts& mirrors headlights& lighting engine& drivetrain brakes, suspension& steering interioraccessories exterioraccessories wheels& tires tools& garage help categories about us about autopartswarehouse.com contact us corporate address and general email inquiries website feedback affiliate program auto parts suppliers advertising on apw customer service about my order order status and order number tracking order on "my account" about my account registering to my account benefits of filling out my account adding or changing vehicle registered in my account logging in passwords order cancellation order not available cancellation policy payment and billing payment methods alternative payment options using paypal, google checkout, and bill me later bill me later why do you need my phone number? local sales tax on out-of-state orders sales tax computation billing statement and proper identification shipping and delivery shipping – body parts shipping companies shipping options shipping schedules delivery issues overnight delivery shipping to alaska and hawaii shipping to us territories, apo/fpo, p.o. boxes shipping to foreign countries returns, cores, and refunds request a return form returns – wrong part return merchant authorization (rma) number core deposit returns – printing shipping label returns - vehicle identification number (vin) returns – receiving your rma number refunds and credits restocking fee international orders shipping direct internationally bongo international website navigation how to shop our website how to shop on apw adding/removing items from cart cookies save quote number how to ensure i am getting the right part searching for parts universal parts parts – sold separately or in a bundle? installation tools sku number about pre-painted and "primed" parts new, re-conditioned, and recycled parts what the vehicle identification number (vin) can tell me about my vehicle how to find the vin about the vin digits finding the model/year privacy, promotions, and reference materials privacy and security secure transactions subscribing/unsubscribing to e-mail updates promotions / discounts / coupons / price matching / warranties low price guarantee discounts using quote number ad banner discounts coupon codes promotion codes and free shipping rebates warranties extended warranty plan(s) installation (reference manuals/materials) reference manuals installation manuals automd.com home > help > privacy, promotions, and reference materials privacy, promotions, and reference materials menu privacy and security how do i know my transaction is secure? to ensure all transactions are secure, we test our site security regularly. in addition, auto parts warehouse uses ssl (secure socket layer) technology to encrypt all information sent via the internet and ensures that this information maintains its integrity throughout the transmission. view our privacy policy. how do i subscribe/unsubscribe to e-mail updates? to subscribe:submit your e-mail address through the "get exclusive email deals" boxes found on our site or click here to sign up. to unsubscribe:at the bottom of our emails, there is an "unsubscribe" link. to unsubscribe, click the link (as seen in the figure below) and follow the instructions. return to top promotions / discounts / coupons / price matching / warranties low price policy program while we offer to match or beat the price offered by competitors for identical skus (parts,) auto parts warehouse still reserves the right not to price-match when the parts are not identical or the price match cannot be verified. we will not match prices from local retail chains, such as napa or pep boys because they do not have shipping costs. all orders to be price matched must be placed with a sales professional via our toll free number; we do not price match orders placed via the web. we also do not match prices on parts that are out of stock or backordered. for more on our price match policies, please check our low price policy program. i was given a quote number on an e-mail and i initially requested to beat the price of your competitors which you promise on your site. when i use the quote number and try to place the order online, it still gives me the same amount without the discount. what should i do to get that discount? quotes are only valid for 48 hours from the time you received it. if it has been longer than 48 hours since you received the quote, this is why your quote may no longer be working. there also may be times when the quote numbers can't apply the discounted amount on the site. if you encountered this issue online, please call our sales department at 1-800-913-6119 or 1-801-214-2997 (then press 1) so one of our experts can assist you in placing the order over the phone. the ad banners on your site advertise discounts on various parts. how do i verify the sale price? when you click on a banner advertising sale price, the discount is automatically applied to your cart when you checkout. you can check the price total on the checkout page to verify the discount was applied. if the discount was not applied, try emptying your shopping cart. go to the item you want to purchase, and re-add it to the cart, and then visit the checkout page and apply the coupon again. the discount should now be reflected in the total. who can qualify for a coupon code? where can i get one? can i use more than one coupon on my order? all customers are qualified to use a coupon. they can be obtained through affiliate sites and by email updates from the company. the coupons are tagged with different numbers, meaning they represent different discount offers. some coupons are valid only for a fixed period and may not be used with another coupon or be combined with another promo on the same order. only one coupon code is allowed per order. some coupons exclude certain brands or products. customers are encouraged to read the full details of the coupon offer to make sure it applies to the part they are ordering. coupons can be reused during the promotion period. however, coupons and free shipping do not apply to tires and wheels. after entering the promotion code i received via email, the price on the part i purchased was reduced by $10 but i was still charged for shipping. i thought it said $10 off and free shipping? please check if you met the minimum amount for your purchase(s) to qualify for free shipping. promotional banners always indicate the minimum purchase needed in order for a customer to qualify for free shipping from auto parts warehouse. rebates i found a manufacturer’s rebate for an eligible part that i just purchased from your site. how do i collect the rebate? make sure the part you purchased qualifies for the manufacturer’s rebate. download and print out the rebate form from the manufacturer’s site. fill out the form and follow the redemption instructions. all requested materials should be mailed to the address indicated and must be postmarked by the promo expiration date. do i have to mail the completed form to the manufacturer and to your site? can i send the completed form via email? you do not need to mail a copy of the rebate form to us. once you complete the form, simply mail the requested materials to the manufacturer and wait for your voucher or promo item to arrive. unless specified otherwise by the manufacturer, rebates can only be sent by mail to the address listed on the rebate form. how long is each item’s warranty period? is my purchase covered by both a seller’s warranty and manufacturer’s warranty? if the warranty is not stated on the item description, auto parts warehouse offers a limited 90-day warranty starting from the date the purchase was received by the customer. on top of our 90-day warranty, items may also be covered by a limited 90-day warranty period by the manufacturer (conditions and policies subject to change). the parts will remain under warranty provided that they are free from defects in workmanship and material. please refer to our policy page for more information. we also offer an extended warranty on select products. for products that offer the extended warranty option, please click here to view our terms and conditions. what is the difference between your site’s warranty and the manufacturer’s warranty? what parts qualify for extended warranty plan(s)? auto parts warehouse’s warranty covers the replacement of defective parts. when possible, we will replace the part with an appropriate substitute. if a substitute part cannot be found, we will issue a full refund. the manufacturer’s warranty, on the other hand, differs on a case-to-case basis depending on the part and the manufacturer, as manufacturers have different limitations and coverage for their respective warranties. auto parts warehouse also offers extended warranty plans that provide added security at a nominal price. unfortunately, not all parts can be purchased with extended warranties. warranty details and warranty length is displayed on the part product detail page. go to our policy page and our extended warranty page for more information on our warranty coverage and plans. return to top installation (reference manuals/materials) i'm looking for a reference manual that lists all of the parts/skus for my car. do you carry complete printed or pdf catalogs for different car makes/models? can i order them from your site? yes, we carry a number of repair manuals for your vehicle. however, we do not carry collision estimate manuals or owner manuals for the vehicle. these manuals may be available on the websites of auto manufacturers. if you are having a problem navigating an auto manufacturer’s website, one simple way to find service information about your specific vehicle is to visit the national automotive service task force’s (nastf) website. we recommend visiting the vehicle manufacturer service information matrix. this page provides a direct link for each vehicle manufacturer with sources for accessing oem service information, tools, and training materials. do all of the parts you sell come with installation manuals? not all parts come with installation manuals. when a part includes an installation manual, it’s usually indicated in the product description. you can also verify by checking with the manufacturer’s website, where you can usually download the installation instructions. automd.com free how-to guides fixing your vehicle can be difficult at times. we want to do everything possible to make this easier. the mission of our company is to become the consumer advocate for vehicle owners looking to service their vehicle and provide the low cost option for those service needs. in order to help you fix your vehicle, please visit automd.com where there are a number of how to guides that hopefully can make the installation of the part(s) you ordered a little easier. simply search the repair job you are looking to complete and see if there is a how to guide available. automd™ has a team of mechanics writing these guides and more guides are added daily. not planning to install the part(s) yourself? visit automd.com where they can help you find the best mechanic in your area. if you do not want to install the part yourself, you can search shop listings at automd.com and figure out the estimated cost of having your vehicle fixed for you. automd™ will help you locate a shop in your area that will perform the specific job you are looking to have done on your specific vehicle. the website also displays helpful information such as the shops average hourly labor rate (when available,) hours of operation, types of payments they accept, and even if the shop offers a rental car or shuttle service, etc. recent studies suggest you can lower your cost of installation and significantly reduce the variability (in pricing for the same job from different shops) if you visit the automd™ website before taking your vehicle to the shop. return to top autopartswarehouse.com email exclusives sign up for autopartswarehouse emails and receive exclusive discount coupons and other special offers submit free shipping on orders over $50* | lowest prices guaranteed* | over 2,345,124 customers served since 1995 already a customer? sign in what our customers say award winning customer service earn apw reward points our loyalty program just got better! more rewards, easier redemption, bigger savings. learn more sign up for savings sign up privacy policy about apw company info affiliates testimonials loyalty program press releases contact us apw in the news california supply chain disclosure help center faqs coupons & rebates policies terms of use my account track order retrieve quote sitemap years makes models parts brands copyright ©1995-2017 auto parts warehouse. all rights reserved.please read auto parts warehouse's updated privacy policy hide