来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231065004/https://www.austinbazaar.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | austin bazaar toggle menu same day shippingif you order by 1pm cst! search 0 search guitars all guitars acoustic guitars acoustic-electric guitars bass guitars classical guitars electric guitars kids guitars left-handed guitars amplifiers and effects all amplifiers and effects guitar amplifiers guitar pedals chorus pedals compressor and equalizer pedals distortion, overdrive and fuzz pedals flanger pedals footswitch and selector pedals harmonizer pedals looper pedals multi-effects pedals pedal tuners phaser pedals reverb and delay pedals samplers and drum machines tremolo pedals volume and expression pedals wah and filter pedals ukuleles all ukuleles soprano ukuleles concert ukuleles tenor ukuleles baritone ukuleles bass ukuleles pianos and keyboards all pianos and keyboards digital pianos keyboards sustain pedals synthesizers and workstations theremins pro audio all pro audio audio interfaces dj equipment handheld and field recorders headphones microphones and wireless condenser microphones dynamic microphones usb microphones wireless systems midi controllers monitors pa systems samplers and drum machines drums and percussion all drums and percussion drum hardware, stands, and pedals cymbals electronic drum kits glockenspiels and xylophones folk and bluegrass instruments all folk and bluegrass instruments accordions accessories all accessories benches cables dmx cables instrument cables midi cables xlr cables cases and bags acoustic guitars bass guitars drums and percussion electric guitars microphones pianos and keyboards pro audio ukuleles capos drums and percussion guitar parts guitar straps harmonicas instrument stands band and orchestral guitars microphones pianos and keyboards speakers and monitors music stands metronomes microphones picks pickups strings acoustic guitar strings ukulele strings tuners gift certificates sign in or register home privacy policy what information do we collect? we collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. when ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. you may, however, visit our site anonymously. we also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. the information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. please refer to the "do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them. how do we use your information? we may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: to personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. to quickly process your transactions. to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. if you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. if you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. if you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us. how do we protect visitor information? we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. when you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. all sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above. do we use "cookies"? yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services and special offers. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. these service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. for example, we use google adwords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including google) to previous visitors to our site. this could be in the form of an advertisement on the google search results page, or a site in the google display network. you can set preferences or opt out of interest-based advertising from google entirely by adjusting your google ads settings. please be advised that if you turn cookies off, you may not have access to features that are designed to make your site experience more efficient and some of our services may not function properly. if you experience issues using our website, please contact us at customerservice@austinbazaar.com. do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties? we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. the term "outside parties" does not include www.austinbazaar.com. it also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us? if you wish to opt-out of our promotional emails, click here. to remove your email address from our database entirely, please let us know by removing your email address in the "my account" section of our website. (please note that due to email production schedules you may still receive any emails already in production during the time that you submit any changes to your email preferences). to delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "my account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping. third party links in an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. these linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work). changes to our policy if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. this policy was last modified on october 8, 2015. questions and feedback we welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. online policy only this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. terms and conditions please also visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website. your consent by using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. × don't miss a beat! sign up for special offers ,deals, gear reviews & more! email address categories guitars amplifiers and effects ukuleles pianos and keyboards pro audio drums and percussion folk and bluegrass instruments accessories quick links home harmonica instructional guide lessons my account gift certificates sale open-box/used gear blog faqs fender play loyalty program site info about us return policy shipping policy payment options contact us terms and conditions privacy policy what's new? 20 different types of guitars & the legends who played them [infographic] takelessons rounded up 20 of the most iconic guitars throughout music history, as well as the leg introducing fender play: a new way to learn guitar introducing fender play: a new way to learn guitar fender play is designed to ch what's new - fender ukuleles what's new: fender ukuleles inspired by the vibrant culture and landscape of the sunsh contact us questions? cs@austinbazaar.com800-511-1322 follow us sitemap• © 2022 austin bazaar• estore maintained by qeretail close selected for comparision compare now