来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250418073415/https://www.austinbazaar.com/terms-conditions/
================================================================================

terms & conditions toggle menu same day shippingif you order by 1pm cst! search 0 search guitars all guitars acoustic guitars acoustic-electric guitars bass guitars classical guitars electric guitars kids guitars left-handed guitars amplifiers and effects all amplifiers and effects bass amplifiers guitar amplifiers guitar pedals chorus pedals compressor and equalizer pedals distortion, overdrive and fuzz pedals flanger pedals footswitch and selector pedals harmonizer pedals looper pedals multi-effects pedals pedal tuners phaser pedals reverb and delay pedals samplers and drum machines tremolo pedals volume and expression pedals wah and filter pedals ukuleles all ukuleles soprano ukuleles concert ukuleles tenor ukuleles baritone ukuleles bass ukuleles pianos and keyboards all pianos and keyboards digital pianos keyboards sustain pedals synthesizers and workstations theremins pro audio all pro audio audio interfaces dj equipment dj lighting and effects handheld and field recorders headphones microphones and wireless condenser microphones dynamic microphones usb microphones wireless systems midi controllers monitors pa systems samplers and drum machines drums and percussion all drums and percussion bongos cymbals drum hardware, stands and pedals electronic drum kits glockenspiels and xylophones accessories all accessories benches cables dmx cables instrument cables midi cables xlr cables cases and bags acoustic guitars bass guitars drums and percussion electric guitars microphones pianos and keyboards pro audio ukuleles capos drums and percussion guitar parts guitar straps harmonicas instrument stands band and orchestral guitars microphones pianos and keyboards speakers and monitors music stands metronomes picks pickups strings acoustic guitar strings ukulele strings tuners buy with prime amazon data privacy policy harmonica beginner manual harmonica instructional guide lessons my account sale open-box/used gear blog faqs fender play sign in or register 2 day shipping home terms & conditions please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. aesthetics clause we strive to provide our customers with an accurate representation of the products we sell. there are instances where we provide our own product photography versus utilizing manufacturer stock photography. when we use stock photography, we utilize it with the understanding that these images were not produced by austin bazaar and there is a possibility that these images have been digitally manipulated. in these instances, the image's color, tone, contrast, or brightness may have been altered. austin bazaar will attempt to provide accurate descriptions, but we are not responsible for inaccuracy in any product photography that is not produced by this company. also, please be aware that any instrument made of wood (i.e. - ukulele, guitar, etc.) may have variation in the wood grain pattern when compared to what is shown in the photography. if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. copyright the entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of www.austinbazaar.com. the collective work includes works that are licensed to www.austinbazaar.com. copyright 2003, www.austinbazaar.com all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with www.austinbazaar.com or purchasing www.austinbazaar.com products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with www.austinbazaar.com or to purchase www.austinbazaar.com products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by www.austinbazaar.com. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. trademarks all trademarks, service marks and trade names of www.austinbazaar.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of www.austinbazaar.com warranty disclaimer this site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, www.austinbazaar.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. www.austinbazaar.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. www.austinbazaar.com does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. limitation of liability www.austinbazaar.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if www.austinbazaar.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. typographical errors in the event that a www.austinbazaar.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, www.austinbazaar.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. www.austinbazaar.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, www.austinbazaar.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. term; termination these terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by www.austinbazaar.com without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. notice www.austinbazaar.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to www.austinbazaar.com. miscellaneous your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of texas, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.austinbazaar.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in travis county in austin texas. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.austinbazaar.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. www.austinbazaar.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. www.austinbazaar.com may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. use of site harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a www.austinbazaar.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. participation disclaimer www.austinbazaar.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, www.austinbazaar.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, www.austinbazaar.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to www.austinbazaar.com in its sole discretion. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless www.austinbazaar.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account. third-party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, www.austinbazaar.com may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with www.austinbazaar.com, www.austinbazaar.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of www.austinbazaar.com. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, www.austinbazaar.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). × don't miss a beat! sign up for special offers ,deals, gear reviews & more! email address categories guitars amplifiers and effects ukuleles pianos and keyboards pro audio drums and percussion accessories buy with prime quick links home amazon data privacy policy harmonica beginner manual harmonica instructional guide lessons my account sale open-box/used gear blog faqs fender play loyalty program site info about us return policy shipping policy payment options contact us terms and conditions privacy policy what's new? 20 different types of guitars & the legends who played them [infographic] takelessons rounded up 20 of the most iconic guitars throughout music history, as well as the leg introducing fender play: a new way to learn guitar introducing fender play: a new way to learn guitar fender play is designed to ch what's new - fender ukuleles what's new: fender ukuleles inspired by the vibrant culture and landscape of the sunsh contact us questions? cs@austinbazaar.com800-511-1322 follow us sitemap• © 2025 austin bazaar close selected for comparision compare now