来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231225950/http://www.lionbrand.com/faq
================================================================================

faqs | lion brand yarn get up to 70% off clearance yarn. shop now! javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. sign in blog cart (0) close you have no items in your shopping cart. favorites follow us newsletter blog facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram our stores lion brand® yarn studio (nyc) lion brand® outlet (carlstadt, nj) lion brand® shop (albany, ny) - closed our company lion brand yarn lion brand® yarn company our yarnsshop by:lookbookscolor palettesshop all yarnpatternskitsshop by:new arrivalspopular kitscrochet kitsknit kitsone & done kitsshop by designershop all kitshooks, needles & moreshop by:newhooksneedlesloom knittingweavingbooks and magazinesbags and casescolor cardsbig stitchesotherclearancelearnshop by:how to knithow to crochethow to weavecraftsy classesfaqsglossaryvideo librarystitch finderyarn careyarn by weight classdiscontinued yarncommunity & blogshop by:blogcommunity gallery faqs search: general products shipping ordering how-to how do i subscribe to your email list? will you sell my name if you do? enter your email address in the subscription box at https://www.lionbrand.com/subscribe to receive our newsletter telling you about specials and the free patterns that are added monthly. we never rent or sell email addresses to anyone. i need to change my lionbrand.com email address or password. to change the e-mail address on your account, please log into lionbrand with your e-mail address and password. click the "my account" button at the top of any page. this will allow you to control and edit any of your personal account information from your address to your subscriptions, story submissions, and more. click on "account information", and from here you can edit all of your personal information. if you have any problems please contact our customer service team by e-mail at support@lionbrand.com or submit a ticket here, and we will be happy to assist you in updating your information. i signed up for the newsletter and i'm not receiving it. if you are not receiving the newsletter, please first check your "spam" folder to make sure that your e-mail client is not treating the newsletter as unwanted material. if it is, please add the following emails to your address book to ensure that your provider recognizes the newsletters: support@lionbrand.com lionbrand.com@email.lionbrand.com support=lionbrand.com@email.lionbrand.com if this does not solve the problem, you should contact your internet service provider and ask if they are filtering your email. i can't see images in the newsletter. what can i do to fix this? many mail products protect their users by displaying images and links only from trusted sources. some even block the content of the letter until the sender is known and approved. if you are not seeing content, images or if the links do not work on our newsletter, be sure to update your email address book so that it includes anyone with an address @lionbrand.com how do i unsubscribe from the newsletter? to unsubscribe from our newsletters, go to your lionbrand account page (click the "my account" button at the top of any page) and click on "newsletter" on the left side. you can modify your subscriptions from this page. why can't i use the "back" button on my internet browser on your site? our website does not disable the back button on browsers. until january 15, 2008, if you were not registered when you tried to get to a free pattern, you were transferred to a registration page. this transfer made it difficult to use the back key. however, we have changed this and the problem no longer happens. how do i migrate my favorite patterns from your old website to the current one? due to compatibility issues, we were not able to automatically migrate your bookmarked patterns from our old website to the current one. however, we downloaded a list of each customer's bookmarked patterns before the old website was taken offline. if you would like to request a list of your previous bookmarks, you may email support@lionbrand.com for assistance. please note that you will have to be manually re-add them to your list of favorites on the current website. how do i find the free patterns you have? crochet patterns are can be found here knitting patterns can be found here craft patterns can be found here we add new patterns monthly. how do i print patterns from your site? there are two ways to print from this website: you can download a copy of the pattern in adobe acrobat reader pdf format to your computer and then print it, or you can print it directly from your browser. we recommend the former. most computers come with reader installed that allows you to read pdf files. you can download a free copy at https://get.adobe.com/reader/. to download a file and print it: click on the icon labeled "download this pattern". these are large files so they may take some time to appear if you are on a dial up connection. please be patient. to save a copy to your hard drive, click the icon with the picture of the diskette at the top of the reader menu (not at the top of your browser). you will see a popup menu where you can choose where to store the file and give it a name. you can call it anything you like, as long as the file extension is .pdf. it's best to pick a name that has only alphabetic and numeric characters, underscores, or dashes. to print a copy, click the icon with the picture of the printer at the top of the reader menu. don't click on the print icon in your browser. to print from your browser: in your browser, select the option labeled "file" at the top of the page. on the menu that appears, select "print". the page should print automatically. normally only the part of the page that is the pattern will print, not the menu. if you find the menu is printing also and you don't want it to, you can change this by setting the options in your browser to "print only selected frame." how can i get help with one of your patterns? please write to support@lionbrand.com for assistance. please include the name or number of the pattern (if it is from our site, a yarn label, or a free pattern leaflet) and a description of the problem. can i convert a hand knit pattern to a machine knit pattern? if your machine will accommodate the yarn and the stitches used in the pattern, in most cases you can substitute the number of inches that the pattern tells you to work for rows. can i sell something i made using one of your patterns? you have permission to sell any finished item you make using a lion brand copyrighted pattern. however, you may not sell our patterns; they are copyrighted. if you would like to give someone a copy, please use the option on our site to send a pattern to a friend. non-lion brand patterns while the vast majority of patterns on our site are owned by lion brand, select patterns are sampled with permission from books, designers, etc. if the caption under the photo of the pattern indicates that the pattern is reproduced with permission, please contact the original copyright holder to find out their policies. we also carry a selection of physical patterns from other designers; again, please respect their copyright and policies. photos finally, please also note that you may not reproduce images from our website without written permission to sell your finished items; please take your own photos of your finished items. can you help me find an old pattern? sometimes we can locate old lion brand patterns. if it is a very old lion brand pattern, it may no longer be available. please write to support@lionbrand.com with a complete description of the pattern, what yarn it used, and if it was knit or crochet. however, only lion brand patterns are available through us. we don't have access to patterns from sources other than lion brand. you have a pattern that i would like in a different size; why can't you provide it? unfortunately we cannot provide every pattern in every size because each new size requires a specific amount of labor in order to modify and test the design and certain patterns will not translate to larger or smaller sizes correctly. going forward, you can generally expect adult items to be available in sizes from xs to 2x, but we cannot remake older patterns that do not conform to this sizing guideline. you have a pattern in knitting (crochet) that i like; do you have it in crochet (knit) as well? when possible we have patterns available in both knitting and crochet versions; however, because knitting and crochet create different textures, there are some patterns that are better suited for one than the other. we have thousands of patterns on our website, so we may have something similar to the pattern you are looking for. at the patterns menu on our website, you can filter by craft to see knit, crochet, or any other types of pattern (please note that individual patterns that indicate "knit-crochet" will give require both knitting and crocheting in the pattern, not that are available in either knit or crochet). in addition to the filter, you may simply use the search function to find something specific. how can i search for a specific pattern? enter a few keywords into our search box at the top of the website or use the filters provided in every category. filters allow you to search for patterns by craft type, skill level, type of yarn used, yarn weight, or to meet a specific need. click here to look though our catalog! how is yarn usually packaged? yarn is usually "put up" or packaged in one of the following ways: 1. in a skein (pronounced "skān"), a long and thin cylinder shape. 2. in a ball. 3. on a cone. cones come in different sizes and hold more yarn than a skein or ball. how do i know which yarn to use for a project i want to make? the gauge of your pattern determines which weight of yarn you should select. you can use any yarn that has a suggested gauge equal to the gauge of your pattern. if you are looking for a particular weight (thickness of yarn) click here to view a list of our yarns by weight. you can generally substitute one yarn in a weight class for another. for information about substituting specific yarns, click here. in all cases, be sure to swatch and check your gauge carefully, using whatever size hook or needle is needed to obtain the gauge of the pattern. this method works best if the gauge of your pattern is given over stockinette if knitting, or over single crochet if crocheting. be sure you are satisfied with the fabric that results; it should be neither too stiff nor too loose. for information on how to make a swatch, click here. be aware that since you are using a different yarn, your project will not look exactly the same as that pictured with the pattern. can i use one yarn when another is specified? interchangeability means a yarn has the same suggested gauge as another yarn, and can be substituted or interchanged for that yarn. for a list of the lion brand yarns by weight that you can use when deciding on substitutions, click here. keep in mind that you won't achieve the same exact look if the texture of the original yarn varies from that of the substitute yarn. what if i want to use a different lion brand yarn? click here for a table of yarn substitutions. how do i substitute one yarn for another? the gauge of your pattern determines which weight of yarn you should select. generally, you want to choose a yarn that is in the same weight category as the yarn recommended in your pattern [example: category 4 (also called medium/worsted/aran) or category 5 (chunky/bulky)]. for a list of the lion brand yarns filterable by weight, please click here. (please note that you should also consider texture when substituting yarn; if you substitute a smooth yarn for a pattern originally in a textured yarn or vice versa, the results may look quite different.) the best and most accurate measure for calculating amounts is yards, and all lion brand yarns give yardage for that reason. first, calculate the total yardage your pattern calls for: example: your pattern calls for 2 skeins of fishermen's wool, which are each 465 yards. the total would be 2 skeins x 465 yards = 930 yards next, divide the total number of yards needed for your pattern by the number of yards in each skein of your substitute yarn. example: your substitute yarn is is wool-ease in a solid color, which has 197 yards per ball. 930 yards needed for your pattern ÷ 197 yards = 4.72 balls. you round up to 5 for the closest whole number of balls, and that is how many balls of wool-ease you will need to buy. once you have your substitute yarn, be sure to make a gauge swatch and check your gauge carefully, using whatever size hook or needle is needed to obtain the gauge of the pattern. make sure to match the gauge in your pattern with your new yarn (adjusting hook or needle size as needed) so as to ensure that you get the right-sized finish item. also, be sure you are satisfied with the fabric that results; it should be neither too stiff nor too loose. note: yardage versus weight (oz/grams) if you are working from a pattern that doesn't give yardage, you will have to rely on the weight, but, in that case, far more margine for error needs to be left. because of different fibers and spinning techniques, there can be as much as 100 yards difference between 8 ounces of one kind of, say, worsted weight yarn, and another -- enough to really mess up a project. when you think about it, when you knit or crochet, what's going through your fingers isn't how heavy it is but how long it is. for example, one pound of love is 16 ounces, 1,020 yards. to use fishermen's wool in a pattern calling for one pound of love, one would look at the yards in fisherment's wool: 465 each. 1,020 divided by 465 = 2.19. each fishermen's wool is 8 ounces, so you can see if you just bought 2 fishermen's wool (to equal 16 ounces), you might well come up short, depending on whether the designer used the entire amount of pound of love for the design. finally, please note that since you are using a different yarn, your project will not look exactly the same as that pictured with the pattern. how much yarn do i need to make a ____? this chart estimates how much yarn you will need for specific crafts. to download a pdf of this, click here. knit yardage crochet yardage afghan baby 20" x 30" adult 60" x 60" baby 20" x 30" adult 60" x 60" lace/sock/fingering 1351 3500 1760 4500 sport/dk 1150 2950 1500 3835 worsted 1000 2660 1300 3450 chunky/bulky 850 1875 1100 2500 hat child (head size) 18" adult 20"-22" child 18" adult 20"-22" sport/dk 175 225-275 230 230-360 worsted 175 225-250 230 230-360 chunky/bulky 125 150-175 162 195-210 scarf child 6" x 40" adult 8" x 54" child 6" x 40" adult 8" x 54" lace/sock/fingering 440 660 572 860 sport/dk 350 650 455 845 worsted 190 380 247 495 chunky/bulky 125 250 163 325 sweater child (chest size) 24" - 28" - 32" adult (chest size) 36" - 40" - 44" - 48" child (chest size) 24" - 28" - 32" adult (chest size) 36" - 40" - 44" - 48" lace/sock/fingering 750 - 1000 - 1450 1800 - 2100 - 2500 - 2700 675 - 1300 - 1885 2340 - 2730 - 3250 - 3510 sport/dk 550 - 800 - 1100 1400 - 1600 - 1900 - 2100 715 - 1040 - 1430 1820 - 2080 - 2470 - 2730 worsted 500 - 650 - 1000 1200 - 1400 - 1600 - 1800 650 - 845 - 1300 1560 - 1820 - 2080 - 2340 chunky/bulky 350 - 500 - 700 900 - 1000 - 1200 - 1300 360 - 650 - 910 1170 - 1300 - 1560 - 1690 vest child (chest size) 24" - 28" - 32" adult (chest size) 36" - 40" - 44" - 48" child (chest size) 24" - 28" - 32" adult (chest size) 36" - 40" - 44" - 48" lace/sock/fingering 400 - 550 - 750 950 - 1125 - 1300 - 1450 520 - 715 - 975 1235 - 1465 - 1642 - 1885 sport/dk 300 - 400 - 600 700 - 850 - 950 - 1100 390 - 520 - 780 910 - 1175 - 1235 - 1430 worsted 250 - 350 - 500 600 - 750 - 850 - 950 325 - 455 - 650 780 - 975 - 1105 - 1235 chunky/bulky 175 - 250 - 400 450 - 550 - 650 - 700 228 - 325 - 520 585 - 715 - 845 - 910 *note: amounts are only approximate, based on average size projects, and will vary depending on type of stitch, gauge and differences in individual knitters and crocheters. to find out how many skeins/balls/cones to purchase, divide the total yardage needed by the chosen yarn's amount per skein/ball/cone. be sure to round up to the nearest whole skein/ball/cone. for example, to make an adult afghan out of homespun , you will need 1875 yards of yarn. each skein of homespun contains 185 yards, so you will need 11 skeins of yarn. need to know what weight class your yarn is? visit our weight class guide or check the yarn label. yardage per skein yardage is the number of yards in the skein or ball. this is important to know if you are going to use an interchangeable yarn rather than the one suggested in your pattern. the new ball or skein may weigh more or less; checking the yardage allows you to buy the required amount of yarn. the yardage per skein is shown on our yarn labels and in the description page for each yarn. note: one yard = 3 feet one yard = .91 meters dye lots dye lot is the batch the yarn was dyed in. all of the yarn in one batch will be the exact same color and will have the same dye lot number on the label. yarn from a different batch may vary in color. the colors of two different dye lots may look the same under certain lights and very different under other lights or in daylight. unfortunately, we are not able to match dye lots. depending on demand, the warehouse can go through a dye lot in less than a week. if you cannot find the dye lot you were using, the best thing to do is to take some of what you have to the store and try to get the best match. look at it in natural and artificial light if possible. work alternating rows with the two different dye lots to lessen the effect of knitting with a second dye lot. you can order any of our yarns in any color online at http://www.lionbrand.com/. that is why we strongly advise: "please purchase a sufficient quantity of one dye lot to assure uniformity of color." yarn ply - what is it? ply is another word for strand. the number of strands that are twisted together to form the yarn is equal to the number of plys. if you untwist the end of most yarn, you will be able to count the plys. wool-ease is a 4-ply yarn; that is 4 strands form the yarn. however, do not rely on the number of plys to tell you the weight of the yarn. for example, jiffy, while a thicker yarn than wool-ease, has just 2 plys. yarns: acrylic yarns acrylic yarns are man made and come in many different weights, colors, and types of yarn. they can be machine washed and dried and the colors will not run or fade. babysoft is a soft acrylic blend sportweight yarn, available in a generous size ball. it's perfect for christening sets, baby's and kid's sweaters, and accessories. pound of love is a premium quality, worsted weight yarn in a convenient and economical size; one ball can make a baby blanket or other project. yarns: novelty and specialty acrylic yarns novelty yarns have the same uses as basic yarns, but they are enriched in a variety of interesting ways. they may offer unusual and interesting textures, colors or fiber mixes. yarns: natural fiber yarns lion brand offers both 100% natural fiber yarns and blends of natural fibers with acrylic to create affordably priced yarns that possess the most desirable features. check our yarn pages for information regarding the fiber content of our yarns. where can i see all the colors that there are in your yarns? you'll find complete descriptions and color swatches of all our yarns at http://www.lionbrand.com/yarn. you can also purchase color cards so that you can see a sample of the yarn by clicking here. which of your yarns are made in the usa? some of our most popular yarns are made in the usa. yarns made in america include the following: chenille heartland holiday homespun® homespun® homespun® thick & quick® hometown usa® kitchen cotton lb collection® pure wool martha stewart craftstm merino martha stewart craftstm roving wool nature's choice organic® cotton silky twist vanna's colors which of your yarns will felt? alpine wool, lion wool, fishermen's wool, landscapes, lb collection organic wool, and lb collection pure wool will felt. which yarns come on cones? lion cotton (formerly known as kitchen cotton) and lb 1878 are available in cones. how much ease do i need for my garment? with all sweater patterns, the amount of "ease" or looseness is a personal preference. negative ease is a measurement smaller than your body measurement to create a tight fitting garment. positive ease is a measurement larger than your body for a looser fit. the best way to decide on any size is to measure a sweater that you own (whose fit you like) and check the pattern schematic or measurements to choose a size you like. here's a general fit guideline: very close = 0 ease close fit = chest + 1 - 2 inches ease standard fit = chest + 2 - 4 inches ease loose fit = chest + 4 - 6 inches ease oversized = chest + 6 inches and up what is the difference between knitting and crochet? knitting is done on two pointed needles of the same size. one needle holds the finished work while the other creates the next row. you finish one row, turn, and work back. knitting may also be done on double-pointed needles, which are used for knitting in the round and for special stitches, such as cables, or circular needles, which look like two single-pointed needles joined by a plastic strand. circular needles are used to knit in the round without seams for such things as hats and collars. knitting needles are sized by number. crocheting is done with a single hook. each stitch is worked into a stitch in a previous row and slipped off the hook. you can crochet in rows or go round and round. the thickest part of the hook is the part used to determine the size of the hook. if you are crocheting too tightly, perhaps you are not sliding the work back far enough onto the hook. crochet hooks are sized by letters of the alphabet. what is the easiest knitting stich? the knit stitch. knitting every row is called "garter" stitch. the only other stitch in knitting is the purl stitch. knitting one row and purling the next alternately is called "stockinette" stitch. for more information on knitting, see the section on 'how to knit'. what is the difference between a skein and a ball when i am calculating the amount of yarn needed? the only difference between a skein and a ball is the way they are wrapped: the shape the yarn is wound in. it has absolutely no relationship whatsoever with the amount of yarn involved and so has no bearing at all on yarn amount calculations. the best and most accurate measure for calculating amounts is yards, and all lion brand yarns give yardage for that reason. if you are working from a pattern that doesn't give yardage, you will have to rely on the weight, but, in that case, far more margin for error needs to be left. because of different fibers and spinning techniques, there can be as much as 100 yards difference between 8 ounces of one kind of, say, worsted weight yarn, and another -- enough to really mess up a project. when you think about it, when you knit or crochet, what's going through your fingers isn't how heavy it is but how long it is. for example, one pound of love is 16 ounces, 1,020 yards. to use fishermen's wool in a pattern calling for one pound of love, one would look at the yards in fishermen's wool: 465 each. 1,020 divided by 465 = 2.19. each fishermen's wool is 8 ounces, so you can see if you just bought 2 fishermen's wool (to equal 16 ounces), you might well come up short, depending on whether the designer used the entire amount of pound of love for her design. can i take my knitting needles on an airplane? the regulations regarding the transportation and use of knitting needles are changing over time. for the current guidelines, click here. can i change the needle size (or hook size) and make a pattern larger or smaller? in order to be sure the project is the size you intend, you must work to the gauge of the pattern. changing the needle or hook size is inaccurate and the results may or may not be satisfactory. can i combine two strands of one weight to equal a larger weight? yes, you may use two strands of a finer weight yarn held together to approximate the gauge of a thicker yarn. the following are approximate equivalents; however, as with all substitutions, you should check to make sure you're obtaining gauge. for our faq on gauge, please click here. 2 strands fingering = one strand sportweight 2 strands sport = one strand worsted weight 2 strands worsted = one strand chunky to super bulky weight* *2 strands of a lighter worsted yarn (e.g. wool-ease or fishermen's wool) held together may approximate the thickness of a chunky yarn, while 2 strands of a heavier worsted weight yarn (e.g. vanna's choice) held together may approximate the thickness of a super bulky yarn. because of this range, again, we recommend that you should make a gauge swatch to test. can i crochet with fun fur? yes you can, but it's difficult to see your stitches. use a good light and work slowly. what are frosts? fine, shiny threads are spun around the plys so the yarn glimmers like frost haze. what are heathers? fibers of similar or complementary colors, but not exactly the same color, are spun together into one yarn. the finished yarn has a soft, rich look and wonderful coloration. what are ombre yarns? ombres are a single yarn dyed with several different colors. the length of each color on the yarn is about the same. there is a slight variance of the length of each color on the yarn so the repetition of the colors forms a varying pattern on the finished item. they are also called space-dyed yarns. what are printed yarns? printed yarns have small areas of color printed along the yarn. usually the printed colors are added in short amounts so that when the yarn is worked up they appear as flecks of color on the background color rather than as a change in the color of the yarn itself. what are speed stix? speed stix are our size 50 knitting needles. they're quite large and used for knitting several strands of thick yarn held together or to make broomstick lace. many stores carry these needles. if you can't find them locally, we do carry them. you can order via our mail order catalog or buy them online here. what are sprinkles? tiny rayon nubs of yarn are randomly spun into the plys in a different color from the main yarn. the finished project looks as if it were painted with a random sprinkling of dots. what are tweeds? plys of different colors are twisted together into one yarn. the combination of the different colors creates a new color. measurements: how do i convert centimeters to inches? and vice versa? centimeters are a metric measurement of length. one inch is equal to 2.54 centimeters. to convert: inches to centimeters: multiply by 2.54 centimeters to inches: multiply by .3937 yards to meters: multiply by .9144 meters to yards: multiply by 1.0936 the approximate equivalents are below. common us measurement   inches   centimeters 10 inches 10 25.40 1 foot (ft) 12 30.48 1 yard (yd) 36 91.44 10 yards (yds) 360 914.40 measurements: how do i convert grams to ounces? and vice versa? grams are a metric measurement of weight. one ounce equals approximately 28 grams. to convert: ounces to grams: multiply by 28.3495 grams to ounces: multiply by .0353 the approximate equivalents are below. ounces grams 1 28 1.4 40 1.5 42 1.75 50 2 56 2.5 70 3 85 3.5 99 5 141 6 170 7 198 8 226 8.75 248 10 283 measurements? how do i convert meters to yards? and vice versa? meters are a metric measurement of length. to convert: yards to meters: multiply by .9144 meters to yards: multiply by 1.0936 inches to centimeters: multiply by 2.54 centimeters to inches: multiply by .3937 the approximate equivalents are below. yards      meters 100 91.44 200 182.88 300 274.32 400 365.76 500 457.2 1000 914.4 how do i submit something i designed for possible publication? submitting your design lion brand welcomes designers to submit finished designs or design proposals. for finished designs, please send a high quality photo of the item (and any detail photos) along with your pattern and/or notes to designinquiries@lionbrand.com. if you would like to submit a proposal, please send a high quality photo/scan of your swatch, sketch, and notes, to designinquiries@lionbrand.com. in both cases, we encourage you to include a link to your website, portfolio, or ravelry design page as an additional resource for us to consider. thank you. other resources for those who are interested in learning about places to submit your designs and/or how to publish your own patterns, we recommend checking out these episodes of yarncraft, our online on-demand radio show or podcast: "knit & crochet pattern resources plus tips on publishing your own patterns" and "sharing your designs with others" we also recommend checking with the knitting guild association (tkga) or the crochet guild of america (cgoa) for more information and resources. yarn support lion brand is happy to provide yarn support to designers submitting designs to magazines and other publications, working on books, and self-publishing patterns. please contact support@lionbrand.com for more information on how to request yarn support. martha stewart crafts knit & weave loom kit: what is the knit & weave loom kit? the knit & weave loom kit is an interchangeable loom system, which includes base pieces in various sizes and two different size pegs. by assembling the loom pieces into different shapes, the user can knit flat pieces, knit seamless round pieces, double knit flat pieces, weave squares or rectangles, and create rosettes. the knit & weave loom kit comes with an instructional booklet that features full-color directions on knitting, double-knitting, weaving, and rosettes, as well as 3 project instructions. instructional booklet can be found here. how much do you charge for shipping? international shipping varies by location and service type. it is calculated and the price displayed for your approval in your shopping cart. standard shipping for usa, all 50 states (calculated by weight): orders between 0 and 0.49 pounds = $6.90 0.5 to 1 pound = $7.20 1.01 to 2 pounds = $8.50 2.01 to 3 pounds = $10.50 3.01 to 4 pounds = $11.50 4.01 to 10 pounds = $13.50 10.01 to 20 pounds = $15.50 20.01 to 35 pounds = $24.80 35.01 to 100 pounds = $39.00 100.01 to 150 pounds = $125.00 over 150 pounds = $180.00 expedited shipping for usa, all 50 states (calculated by weight): orders between 0 and 2.5 pounds = $18.50 2.51 to 5 pounds = $32.50 5.01 to 10 pounds = $50.00 10.01 to 20 pounds = $100.00 over 20 pounds = $280.00 standard shipping to canada (calculated by weight): orders between 0 and 1.5 pounds = $14.00 1.5 and 3 pounds = $19.30 3 and 5 pounds = $23.00 5 and 8 pounds = $27.00 8 and 14 pounds = $32.00 14 and 30 pounds = $50.00 over 30 pounds = $180.00 standard shipping for all other international orders (calculated by weight): orders between 0 and 2 pounds = $14.00 2.01 and 4 pounds = $24.00 4.01 and 10 pounds = $60.00 10.01 and 20 pounds = $115.00 20.01 and 30 pounds = $170.00 over 30 pounds = $500.00 we do not provide international expedited shipping. where can i purchase your yarns? you can buy our products online at http://lionbrand.com or if you're in the greater new york city area, at one of our lion brand retail locations. note: not all stores carry every lion brand product, so its a good idea to call ahead. how can i make a return? lion brand yarn has an open return policy with no set time frame to return your unused items. we can only accept returns for items that are purchased from our website. if you purchase your items wholesale, we cannot issue a refund. every order contains a packing slip with return information printed on the back. you will need to fill out all applicable information and ship to the address noted on the slip. please allow 2 to 3 weeks for your refund to be fully processed. i need more yarn of the same dye lot. can i order that from you? unfortunately, we are not able to match dye lots. depending on demand, the warehouse can go through a dye lot in less than a week. if you cannot find the dye lot you were using, the best thing to do is to take some of what you have to the store and try to get the best match. look at it in natural and artificial light if possible. work alternating rows with the two different dye lots to lessen the effect of knitting with a second dye lot. you can order any of our yarns in any color online at http://www.lionbrand.com/yarn. why can't you match dye lots? yarn is dyed in lots and packed in cartons by dye lot. when a dye lot is shipped out, it will be shipped to a specific store somewhere in the country and before long that dye lot will be sold out. it is virtually never the case that we have a dye lot in our warehouse that you found in a store. for this reason, we write a statement on every yarn label that you should purchase whatever you need of a dye lot at one time. i have a problem with something i purchased. who do i contact? we want you to be satisfied with your purchase of lion brand products and we have several ways to assure that you are pleased. if you have a problem or question, please use our contact page to find the appropriate phone number, address, or email address to get help. alternatively, you can submit a ticket here with a description of the issue, and a representative will contact you shortly. how do i check my order status? to check your order status, sign in to our website and click the "my account" button at the top of the page. then click on the "my orders" button on the left. all orders made from your account should appear on this page, along with order number, date of order, and order status. if you have no account linked to your order or have any other issue, please submit a ticket here. i paid for a downloadable pattern and i couldn't download it. who do i contact? you can obtain this information by logging into your account. simply click the option on the menu titled 'my downloads'. alternatively, you can e-mail us at support@lionbrand.com for assistance. can i get another copy of a free pattern or leaflet here? often we can locate such patterns. if it is a very old lion brand pattern, it may no longer be available. please write to support@lionbrand.com with a complete description of the pattern, what yarn it used, and if it was knit or crochet. why don't you mail free patterns? we are able to offer thousands of patterns at no charge on our web site. we have these patterns designed, checked and published on our site without any cost to you. however, the cost of labor and postage makes it impossible to provide free patterns if they are mailed. you may print any patterns that are provided free for your own use at no charge. i bought yarn in a store and i am not satisfied with the quality of my purchase. they will not take the yarn back. what do i do? quality is our highest priority and we want you to be satisfied with your purchase of a lion brand product, no matter where you made the purchase. if you purchased lion brand yarn or needles in a retail store and are not satisfied with your purchase, you may return it to us along with either the labels or receipt and we will replace it. we do not provide refunds of products not purchased from us directly. the labels help us determine whether there is a manufacturing problem and can pinpoint it to a specific product and dye lot. why does yarn cost more in the catalog and on the web site than in my local store? we encourage our customers to shop locally whenever possible, as prices are generally better. however, when you order directly from us you can get virtually unlimited amounts of yarn from the same dye lot and choose from any of the 50+ yarns we produce in every color (currently 800 colors). each stores sets its own prices. many choose to keep their prices low by carrying a limited supply of yarns and colors; typically a store will carry 40 to 50 total choices. this keeps their overhead costs very low, but it means there are times when you cannot get enough of one dye lot or they don't carry the color or yarn you want. why have you discontinued my favorite yarn (or my favorite color?) we would love to offer an infinite number of yarns in every color of the rainbow but unfortunately limitations are necessary. our decisions on deleting yarns from our line are often based on their ranking in sales throughout the whole country. i have an old pattern for an old yarn. can i still buy that yarn? feel free to search our website at http://www.lionbrand.com/yarn. if the yarn is not listed on that site or is marked as discontinued, then it is no longer available from us. if the yarn has been recently discontinued, we may have limited amounts and colors remaining. if you believe this is the case, please submit a ticket at http://support.lionbrand.com/ for more assistance. why aren't all the required items included in a kit? only the yarn needed for a pattern and the pattern are included in a kit because we recognize that many knitters and crocheters already have their own needles, hooks, and other findings. we also do not include needles and hooks because you may have to switch to a larger or smaller size depending on the gauge of your project. since each individual knitter or crocheter will have different needs, we cannot provide a standard kit including these items. how to do i sign up for your site using an android device (chrome)? you can log in or register from any page at lionbrand.com, including this one. click on “sign in” at the top right corner. under “new customers” click the orange button labeled “register”. now you will need to fill in your desired account information. provide your first name, last name, email address, and password in the appropriate fields. you may also use the checkbox under your email address to sign up for our newsletter. when you’re finished, click the orange button to submit your information. you will be sent an email containing a clickable link that activates your account. this page gives you the option to resend the confirmation email if you do not get one. open another tab in chrome by using the dropdown menu button on the top right, and select “new tab”. alternatively, you can exit chrome and login through an email app. log in to your email and find the message from “lion brand yarn” and click on the confirmation link - and you're done! if you do not see an email from us, check your spam folder. if you still have not received one, use the previous tab to resend the confirmation. alternatively, you can create an account through facebook, where all your required information will be migrated from facebook to our website. to begin, click on the blue button labeled: “sign up with facebook”. at this screen, you will be required to sign in to your facebook account. after entering your facebook email and password, hit the blue “login” button. now, you’ll arrive at a permissions page identical to the one pictured below. this is perfectly normal – simply click on the blue “continue” button and you will be led back to our website with your account already created. use your facebook information to sign in each time. how to access patterns from an android device (chrome)? first, you will need to have a lion brand account and must be signed in to download patterns. you will need to find the pattern you need either by using the search bar or by working your way through the guided navigation under the patterns main menu tab. once you are on the product page of the pattern you wish to view and/or download, please follow the following steps: press and hold the gold "download now" button. if it does not exist or it produces an error, click on the "pattern details tab and press and hold the link next to "view/save/print pdf". if chrome asks to change phone permissions to download the file, choose "allow". click on "download link" (this may show up as "save link") to save the file to your phone. use the dropdown notification menu (slide your finger from the top edge of the screen downwards) to select the pdf you just downloaded. you may be asked to select an app to open the file. if so, you can choose any available suggestion that views pdfs. if the pdf opens, skip the remaining steps. if not, you will need to download a pdf viewer. navigate to the "play store" in your list of applications. search for and download a pdf viewer of your choice (we recommend adobe acrobat or google pdf viewer). by this point, the file will have disappeared from your dropdown notifications. to find it, look for "downloads" in your application list. select the pattern pdf you recently downloaded. if asked, select the pdf viewer you installed and you're done! how to read the label 1. first, it tells you the yarn is made by lion brand, a company that is famous for producing quality yarns since 1878. it's a name you can trust. 2. next, it tells you the name of the yarn. sometimes the name of the yarn is a clue to its use. for example, "jiffy" sounds like yarn that produces quick results -- and it is! 3. other information includes the weight of the yarn, the number of plys, the yardage, what the yarn is made of, and how to care for it. the yarn band will also tell you the suggested gauge for the yarn, the color name and dye lot. how to substitute lion yarn for a non-lion yarns the gauge of your pattern determines which weight of yarn you should select. you can use any yarn that has a suggested gauge equal to the gauge of your pattern. for a list of lion yarns by weight, click here. this method works best if the gauge of your pattern is given over stockinette if knitting, or over single crochet if crocheting. be sure to swatch and check your gauge carefully, using whatever size hook or needle is needed to obtain the gauge of the pattern. be sure you are satisfied with the fabric that results; it should be neither too stiff nor too loose. how do i keep yarn from unraveling when i use it for fringe? almost all yarn will unravel somewhat when cut at the end for fringe. some people think this adds to the beauty of the fringe; however, if you would like to limit the amount of unraveling, you can use one of the following methods: - apply fabric glue, a product found in fabric stores, to the ends of each fringe - knot the end of each fringe - knit or crochet a loop-like fringe (e.g. single loop fringe) please note that loosely spun yarns such as homespun, will fray and shed when cut, so we recommend you use the above methods for homespun fringe. this is nature of these loosely spun yarns: the loose spinning gives them their silky-soft, lofty feel; however, it also means that the loosely spun fiber is more likely to pull apart. if you would like to add a fringe to a project made in a yarn like this, but would prefer not to use one of the methods above, we highly recommend that you use a matching color in a plied yarn for the fringe. homespun bunches up when i work with it. why is that and what can i do to stop it? the softness in homespun is achieved by a loose spinning process. because of this loose spinning, bunching will sometimes occur--more often in knitting then crocheting. try holding the yarn you are guiding more loosely; if you hold on to it too tightly, the friction will sometimes cause it to bunch up. also sometimes if you rewind the skein and start knitting from the opposite end, the problem will be alleviated. i made a project with a chenille yarn and now i have loose loops all over. what happened? chenille yarns have a tendency to "worm" their way out of stitches because of the way the yarn is constructed. it happens less frequently with crocheting. if you find the yarn is worming, try knitting at a very tight gauge. sometimes it helps if you knit from the other end of the skein. also, use stitches such as garter and seed stitch rather than stockinette stitch. how to blanket stitch working from left to right, bring large-eyed blunt needle from back to front. bring needle around and insert from front to back, catching yarn to form a “corner.” repeat around border for blanket stitch. how to french knot thread needle. stitch up straight through to right side. with rs facing you, wrap thread around needle twice. stitch down into the fabric, sliding the knot off of your needle and onto your thread. pull the thread through. how to knot fringe fringes differ in the number of strands, but the basic principle of applying them is similar to that shown here. 1. insert a crochet hook through the first outside stitch where you want the fringe to be positioned, from the wrong side of the fabric to the top. use the hook to grab one strand of each of the four colors of yarn. 2. use the hook to pull the yarn through the stitch. 3. cut the yarn, to the approximate length of the finished tassel. 4. feed the ends of the yarn through the loop. 5. pull the loop tight. what is blocking, and how do i do it? blocking refers to the process of stretching and shaping a finished piece to ensure it is the proper size and shape. there are many ways to achieve this, depending upon the yarn used. blocking can be used to finish any item and even out stitches. because acrylics are sensitive to heat, they should not be steam blocked. always follow the care instructions on your yarn label. wet blocking note the measurements of your garment and wash according to yarn label instructions. lay your garment flat on a clean towel and roll the towel, pressing out as much water as possible. repeat this with other towels until the item is mostly dry. on a flat, clean surface, such as a towel or blocking board, lay out your item and pull it into the desired shape. pin to a blocking board if desired. let the garment air dry. steam blocking lay your item on a clean, dry towel on a flat surface. place a cool wet washcloth over your item. after heating your iron to the appropriate setting for your fiber, press the iron on your washcloth for a few seconds. this will create steam. repeat as necessary, rewetting your washcloth as needed. pull your item into the proper shape while steaming. afterward, allow your item to air dry. pin to a blocking board if desired. spray blocking lay your item on a dry towel on a flat surface. mist with a spray bottle of room-temperature water. pull the item into the desired shape. pin if desired. let the piece air dry. fabulous felt felting is a fun, easy technique with phenomenal results! just knit or crochet your pattern, then let your washing machine do all the hard work. felting is a fabulous, funky way to transform a knit or crochet piece into something completely different. it makes a fabric that is dense, warm and strong – perfect for bags or cold-weather items. yarns made of wool (non-superwash) and other animal fibers are perfect for felting. when the little fibers of wool are exposed to moisture, heat, and agitation, they cling and tangle together and - voilà – felt! but the felting process is a one-way street – once felted, you can never go back! consider yarns like fishermen's wool, lion wool, alpine wool, lb 1878, lb collection organic wool, and lb collection pure wool. the felt formula felting is not always a precise science. that is because it is achieved by exposing wool to water, heat, and agitation, but the amount of each of these elements plays a part in the way the piece felts. felting can be done in the sink, but washing machines can work great too, and they do the job much quicker. however, each washing machine is different, and the amount your machine felts a piece after one cycle may be different than your neighbors’. so, while it’s not hard, be sure to follow the specific felting instructions of the piece you are making, and check your piece a few times during your felting process to make sure you are getting the desired results. felting facts felting a knit or crochet piece makes it shrink. therefore, the piece you knit or crochet will be much bigger than your felted piece will ultimately be. how much does it shrink? it depends since there are so many factors that go into it – how hot your water is, how hard your water is, how much it is agitated, the amount and kind of soap you use, what color the yarn is (really, it's a fact!), and so on. you can felt your piece more or less. if you felt it just a little (maybe by taking it out of your machine after half a cycle), you will still have stitch definition. if you felt it more, you won't. basically, here are the steps: 1. wash in warm water with soap. * why soap? it actually speeds up the felting process! * felting can often be improved by adding baking soda or washing soda to the water! * what about the rest of the laundry? throw it in! though it may not be recommended in the directions for all felting projects, washing felted things with other laundry can speed up the process! why? agitation is another important element for the felting, and the rest of your laundry does just that (be sure to check out the tips below)! 2. rinse in cool water. * rinsing in cool water "locks" the fibers in place. most people have a warm wash/cool rinse setting on their machines (easy, huh?) 3. air dry. * if you are making a piece that needs to conform to a particular shape (say, a rectangle piece for a bag), it will likely be lopsided when it comes out of the dryer. adjust it to the right shape before you let it dry (remember: once felted, felted for life) or pin it into shape on a blocking board and let it dry there – yup, blocking is important in felting, too. special note about felting with landscapes landscapes is composed of two fibers, a wool one that will felt and an acrylic one, which does not felt. projects made with landscapes that are to be felted should be processed as follows: *wash by machine on a long setting with hot water/cold rinse with detergent with several pieces of clothing to agitate. *if your water is hard, add baking soda or washing soda to the water to improve felting. follow the manufacturer's instructions on the soda box. washing soda is stronger than baking soda and only requires about half as much. *wash item several times if necessary with hot water depending on how quickly the project felts. *to felt additionally, dry by machine on a regular setting until almost dry. remove from dryer and lie flat to shape. tips *washing: when washing your felted piece with other clothing, try putting it in a mesh lingerie bag – it will still get the benefit of agitation from the other clothes, but won’t get stuck! *more washing: be sure the clothing you put it with won’t run (like colors), and they don’t pill (or the fibers that come off could wind up in your felt! *relax! mistakes in your handwork won’t show up after felted, so relax! *one of a kind: don’t worry if you piece looks slightly different than the picture! so many factors go into felting that it is inevitable it will look a little different. but that’s the beauty of it – your piece is completely unique! *gauge gratification: because felting is indeed pretty different every time you do it, gauge is extremely important. sometimes, to help control the process, patterns will have you make a gauge swatch, then felt it and take measurements before and after. that way, you know to work with your machine. if you need it to felt less, remove it from the machine earlier. if more, leave it in for longer – maybe you need to run it again! *check it: check your piece a number of times if felting in the washing machine to make sure it’s just right – not too much, not too little. *felting factor: it is a good idea to knit a swatch to see how your machine felts. make a square swatch, then throw it in your machine. check it a number of times before the end of the cycle to get a sense of your particular machine’s “felting factor.” *cut it out! since felting “fuses” the fibers together, you can do something with it you cannot do with knit or crochet pieces – you can cut it! believe it or not, if your piece is truly felted, it won’t unravel. that means you can cut into the bottom to make a cute fringe, you can cut strips of felted fabric and weave them back together, sky’s the limit! *mix it up: mixing yarns is really fun with felting. try making a swatch with one strand of fun fur and lion wool at the bottom, then switch entirely to lion wool. now felt it. the results are amazing, because the fun fur won’t felt,. talk about furry effects. try other yarn combos to see what looks coolest – remember, only the wool will felt, so you can create great textural differences with mixing. *have fun: there’s no limit to this cool craft, so play around and let your imagination be your guide! how do i convert a crochet pattern to knit (or vice versa)? knitting and crochet use stitches that are different sizes and shapes. you can't "convert" a pattern from one to the other. each pattern must be totally redesigned and even then, it's not always possible. how do i start a skein? some skeins are designed as "pull skeins". an end will be sticking out of the center of the skein and you pull on this to begin working. on occasion, that end will be missing. all skeins have an outside end that allows you to begin work by unrolling the yarn from the outside. you can begin knitting or crocheting from the outside, wind it into a ball by hand, or use a wool winder to make a pull skein. if you don't want to work from the outside and there is no visible end coming from the center, you can find an end as follows: insert the thumb and index finger of each hand into either side of the skein, moving your fingers until they meet. feel for the very center. pull this out and the end should be with it. extra yarn will usually come out with it but is quickly used up. how do i find the end of the skein or ball? how do i pull from the center? most lion brand yarns come in "pull skeins" or "center pull balls". these include balls like vanna's choice, wool-ease, babysoft, pound of love, and similarly shaped oblong balls. it also includes skeins like homespun and amazing. it also includes "cake" shapes like lb collection silk mohair or lb collection baby alpaca. all skeins have an outside end that allows you to begin work by unrolling the yarn from the outside. you can begin knitting or crocheting from the outside, wind it into a ball by hand, or use a wool winder to make a pull skein. however, many people prefer to pull from the center as it can keep the ball neater. if you don't want to work from the outside end, please follow these steps to find the center "pull" or "end" of the ball: 1. pull out the end of the yarn which is visible from the outside of the ball, which has been tucked into the ball. this is important, as it may get caught on your inner end, if you do not remove it, and cause tangling later. 2. go to the opposite end of the ball from which that outside end was tucked, and insert the thumb and index finger of each hand into either side of the skein, compressing the skein between your fingers until they meet. 3. feel for the very center. pull this out and the end should be with it. 4. extra yarn will usually come out with it but is quickly used up. you can also wrap the excess yarn around the outside of the ball (to keep it neat) until you find the center "end" of the yarn. 5. start working from this end. how do i keep yarn from unraveling when i use it for fringe? almost all yarn will unravel somewhat when cut at the end for fringe. some people think this adds to the beauty of the fringe; however, if you would like to limit the amount of unraveling, you can use one of the following methods: - apply fabric glue, a product found in fabric stores, to the ends of each fringe - knot the end of each fringe - knit or crochet a loop-like fringe (e.g. single loop fringe) please note that loosely spun yarns such as homespun, will fray and shed when cut, so we recommend you use the above methods for homespun fringe. this is nature of these loosely spun yarns: the loose spinning gives them their silky-soft, lofty feel; however, it also means that the loosely spun fiber is more likely to pull apart. if you would like to add a fringe to a project made in a yarn like this, but would prefer not to use one of the methods above, we highly recommend that you use a matching color in a plied yarn for the fringe. how do i know how to wash a yarn? what do the symbols on the label mean? you’ll notice that lion brand yarn labels now feature universal care symbols. rather than using long, complicated washing and cleaning instructions for your yarn we’ve opted for a more streamlined approach. this page shows some of the symbols you will find on our labels and how to understand them. some of the most common are: machine wash, normal do not wash tumble dry, permanent press machine wash, normal dryclean tumble dry, gentle machine wash, normal dryclean, any solvent do not tumble dry machine wash, warm dryclean, petroleum solvent only do not dry machine wash, warm dryclean, any solvent except trichloroethylene line dry machine wash, hot dryclean, short cycle dip dry machine wash, hot dryclean, reduced moisture dry flat machine wash, hot dryclean, low heat dry in shade machine wash, hot dryclean, no steam do not wring machine wash, hot do not dryclean iron, any temperature, steam or dry machine wash, hot bleach when needed iron, low machine wash, hot non-chlorine bleach when needed iron, medium machine wash, permanent press do not bleach iron, high machine wash, gentle or delicate tumble dry, normal do not steam hand wash tumble dry, normal, low heat do not iron hand wash, cold tumble dry, normal, medium heat hand wash, warm tumble dry, normal, high heat hand wash, hot tumble dry, normal, no heat ----> follow us blog facebook 584k likes twitter 62k followers youtube 68k subscribers pinterest 141k followers instagram 182k followers newsletter sign up free patterns, product alerts, and special offers. sign up preferred message format prefer html messages prefer plain text messages our company about us studio outlet help support & faq copyright © 1998-2018 lion brand® yarns. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use