来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231094722/https://www.lionbrand.com/pages/video-library
================================================================================

video library – lion brand yarn skip to content yarns yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo fiber acrylic alpaca cotton nylon polyester wool yarn family wool-ease homespun touch of luxe lb collection color palettesall yarns patterns craft crochet knit knit-crochet loom loom-weave craft project type accessory bag blanket cardigan cowl decoration dress hat legwarmer pillow poncho scarf shawl sock sweater top vest made for baby children holiday home men pets women yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo skill level level 1 - beginner level 2 - easy (beginner+) level 3 - intermediate level 4 - intermediate+ level 5 - experienced all free patterns kits craft crochet knit weave project type afgan bag cardigan cowl hat poncho scarf shawl sweater toy vest made for baby child home men women yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo skill level level 1 - beginner level 2 - easy (beginner +) level 3 - intermediate level 4 - intermediate+ collectionsdesigner all about ami evelyn & peter crochet knitatude make & do crew mama in a stitch one dog woof originally lovely tl yarn crafts two of wands whistle and wool shop all designers shop all kits accessories & more hooksneedlesweavingbags & casesbooks & magazinescolor cardsother toolslby gift card clearancelearn how to knithow to crochethow to weaveglossarystitch findervideo libraryyarn label & careyarn weight classeshow much yarn...discontinued yarnfrequently asked questions community & blog hat not hateour blogcommunity gallerymy life in yarnlookbooks currency selector cadgbpusd bag view all your bag is empty please expect a fulfillment delay as we conduct physical inventory until february 5th. we thank you for your patience. search... close yarns yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo fiber acrylic alpaca cotton nylon polyester wool yarn family wool-ease homespun touch of luxe lb collection color palettes all yarns patterns craft crochet knit knit-crochet loom loom-weave craft project type accessory bag blanket cardigan cowl decoration dress hat legwarmer pillow poncho scarf shawl sock sweater top vest made for baby children holiday home men pets women yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo skill level level 1 - beginner level 2 - easy (beginner+) level 3 - intermediate level 4 - intermediate+ level 5 - experienced all free patterns kits craft crochet knit weave project type afgan bag cardigan cowl hat poncho scarf shawl sweater toy vest made for baby child home men women yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo skill level level 1 - beginner level 2 - easy (beginner +) level 3 - intermediate level 4 - intermediate+ collections designer all about ami evelyn & peter crochet knitatude make & do crew mama in a stitch one dog woof originally lovely tl yarn crafts two of wands whistle and wool shop all designers shop all kits accessories & more hooks needles weaving bags & cases books & magazines color cards other tools lby gift card clearanceclearance learn how to knit how to crochet how to weave glossary stitch finder video library yarn label & care yarn weight classes how much yarn... discontinued yarn frequently asked questions community & blog hat not hate our blog community gallery my life in yarn lookbooks currency selector cadgbpusd rewards search sign in favorites bag 0 wishlist video library we've assembled this online library of videos on many knitting and crochet topics. lion brand welcome to lion brand! about lion brand yarn about lion brand yarn company - 135th anniversary special a family-owned company looks back at 135 years in business meet the people behind lion brand lion brand yarn studio and outlet get to know our education center shira teaches kids to knit at the lion brand yarn studio how to find a class or event at the lion brand yarn studio (part 1) how to find a class or event at the lion brand yarn studio (part 2) the lion brand yarn studio celebrates 5 years in business! five years of incredible window displays made with yarn rene wins $5 coupon for finding the gnome at the lion brand yarn studio! learn to knit in a day at the lion brand yarn studio lion brand yarn studio student testimonial: joanne lion brand yarn studio window display: the art of yarn visit the lion brand yarn outlet where are you crafting from? the lby studio wants to find out! behind the scenes at lion brand behind the scenes 14 new patterns inspired by outlander the series! behind the scenes at the scarfie photoshoot! behind the scenes inside the office of lion brand president david blumenthal modern baby is for grown ups too! how the lion brand design team creates acheivable wows tea with shira tea with shira #1: crochet doctor arabia tea with shira #2: mother's day and tips for beginner knitters tea with shira #3: trouble with verna and patricia which lion brand yarns are made in america? tea with shira #4: my brother adam tea with shira #5: london kaye's secret to yarnbombing! tea with shira #6: emeric harney's first project was a sweater! tea with shira #7: creative director adina talks knit and crochet myths! tea with shira #8: moogly gives a sneak peek! tea with shira #9: dress up your american girl dolls with nicky epstein! tea with shira #10: you won't believe what this 8-year-old is knitting! tea with shira #11: how to dye acrylic yarn with rit dye tea with shira #12: 6 ways to get crafty for thanksgiving! tea with shira #13: knit and crochet for charity with warm up america! lion brand® fun! how well do you know lion brand yarns? at the knit and crochet show 2015 lion brand®'s community yarnbomb with london kaye! 8 knit and crochet projects for your cat! sing along with lion brand at stitch n pitch 2015! 6 thinks knitters and crocheters fear! curvy girl introducing the 7 new curvy girl patterns! curvy girl crochet cabled cardigan curvy girl subtle texture cardigan curvy girl cowl neck tunic curvy girl two-tone vest curvy girl drop stitch pullover curvy girl urban color vest curvy girl openwork top down pullover sneak peek! 7 new curvy girl patterns! behind the scenes of the curvy girl collection lion brand® patterns if you can crochet a scarf, you can make this throw! taconic shrug made with vanna's complement lancaster pullover made with heartland millbrook cowl made with vanna's complement sneak peek! knit and crochet kits inspired by outlander the series! the reading room caridgan - great pattern for your first sweater! martha stewart loom introducing the martha stewart: crafts knit & weave loom kit how to use the pegs on the martha stewart crafts lion brand yarn knit & weave loom kit how to configure the martha stewart crafts lion brand yarn knit & weave loom kit martha stewart crafts knit and weave loom kit project inspiration weaving weaving: how to warp the loom weaving: how to warp the loom in multiple colors weaving: how to weave the weft weaving: how to weave in multiple colors weaving: how to bind off loom knitting loom knitting: how to cast on for single knitting loom knitting: how to knit loom knitting: how to purl loom knitting: how to increase for single knitting loom knitting: how to decrease for single knitting loom knitting: how to cable for single knitting loom knitting: how to bind off for single knitting loom knitting: how to cast on for double knitting loom knitting: how to knit for double knitting loom knitting: how to knit vertical stripes for double knitting loom knitting: how to knit ribbing for double knitting loom knitting: how to bind off for double knitting circular loom knitting: how to cast on and knit knitting how to read a yarn label getting started: how to make a slip knot learn to knit: knitted cast on learn to knit: backwards loop cast on learn to knit: long tail cast on learn to knit: knit stitch (k) learn to knit: purl stitch (p) learn to knit: basic cast off learn to knit: knit 2 together (k2tog) learn to knit: purl 2 together (p2tog) learn to knit: slip, slip, knit (ssk) learn to knit: knit in the front and back of a stitch (kfb) learn to knit: yarn over (yo) learning to knit through the back loop (ktbl) learn to knit: carrying yarn up the side of your work learn to knit: knitting the keyhole in a scarf ruffles: knitting with ruffles yarn how to knit: whipstitch garter stitch pieces how to knit: whipstitch stockinette stitch pieces crochet how to read a yarn label learn to crochet: chain (ch) learn to crochet: single crochet (sc) learn to crochet: half double crochet (hdc) learn to crochet: double crochet (dc) learn to crochet: triple or treble crochet (tr) learn to crochet: increase (inc) learn to crochet: crochet through the front loop (tfl) learn to crochet: crochet through the back loop (tbl) learn to crochet: base chain half double crochet (base ch/hdc) general how knitting and crocheting make us better the benefits of knit and crochet finding the perfect pattern on lionbrand.com how to track your order on lionbrand.com jack blumenthal of lion brand speaks to yarncrafters learn to knit socks learn to knit socks - casting on and working cuffs learn to knit socks - working the heel flap learn to knit socks - turning the heel learn to knit socks - picking up the gussets learn to knit socks - decreasing for the toe learn to knit socks - closing the toe with kitchener stitch get to know our yarns get to the lb collection get to know new colors of lion's pride woolspun get to know scarfie get to know landscapes get to know heartland thick & quick get to know heartland get to know unique get to know country get to know textures get to know ice cream get to know vanna's tapestry introducing woolspun get to know lb collection wool stainless steel yarn get to know lb collection cashmere yarn get to know homespun thick & quick yarn get to know bonbons yarn get to know martha stewart crafts mambo yarn get to know silky twist yarn get to know luxe fur yarn get to know sock-ease yarn get to know vanna's choice baby yarn get to know wool-ease yarn get to know fishermen's wool yarn get to know amazing yarn get to know vanna's glamour yarn get to know wool-ease thick & quick yarn get to know pound of love yarn get to know tweed stripes yarn get to know fun fur yarn get to know homespun yarn get to know hometown usa yarn get to know romance yarn get to know bellini yarn get to know kitchen cotton yarn arm knitting how to make the "lush plush arm knit cowl" how to make the "3 strand arm knit cowl" how to arm knit yarns perfect for arm knitting in spring and summer weather kristy glass - the glass posse kristy glass re-imagines the crochet wedding capelet for parties, festivals, and other casual affairs your next summer knitting project: the calypso cardigan two shawls before fall with kristy glass 3 quick knit and crochet costume ideas selected by kristy glass free diy knit octopus costumes - one for kids, one for pets! gnome, traffic cone, princess - the starfire hat is the perfect diy costume accessory crochet a tip top topper - a costume pick from kristy glass! her witchy hands! quick knit costume idea selected by kristy glass! learn lion brand's popular patterns with yolanda soto-lopez crochet shrug - lion brand free pattern download (english) crochet cape lion brand pattern part one crochet cape lion brand pattern - part two crochet shrug lionbrand pattern (spanish subtitles) get yarn crafty with audra kurtz and lion brand diy arm knitting - 30 minute infinity scarf diy flip flops diy finger knitting - 30 minute love sign diy finger knitting a flower headband diy 30 minute no sew fringe scarf & bikini wrap diy finger knitting - 30 minute boot cuffs diy arm knitting - finishing your infinity scarf two minute inspirations fool-proof color-matching with vanna's choice yarn how to choose yarn for your project accessorize with knit & crochet flowers discover fun felting projects using the charity finder in your community crafting with pom-poms and tassels yarn projects to craft with kids beginner project ideas to knit & crochet the many ways to connect with lion brand create easy projects with homespun yarn painterly colors styling tips for crochet and knit projects how to style a cowl how to style a triangle shawl how to style a half circle shawl how to style a beret how to style a cowl/capelet how to style a rectangle wrap how to style a hat lion brand visits vanna white welcome from vanna white vanna white believes in sharing the gift of teaching how vanna white chose to support st. jude with her yarns vanna white really loves to crochet! vanna white crochets everywhere! how vanna white learned to crochet one of vanna white's favorite reasons to crochet vanna white shops for yarn! how vanna white organizes her yarn vanna white's favorite places to crochet behinds the scenes and outtakes with vanna white vanna white discusses st. jude donation on wheel of fortune miscellaneous inside the design department: new colors of landscapes! invite shira from lion brand to visit your knit or crochet group lion brand's 2015 fashion show 9 scarfies with shira the neck's best thing you can do it! simple shrug pattern! you can do it! tribeca tunic pattern! you can do it! vegan fur poncho pattern! lion brand at vogue knitting live! lily chin in the lion brand booth at vogue knitting live 2015 colette smith in the lion brand booth at vogue knitting live 2015 dora ohrenstein at the lion brand booth at vogue knitting live 2015 margaret hubert at the lion brand booth at vogue knitting live 2015 hand exercises for knitters, crocheters, and other hand crafters with colette smith lily chin on david letterman! david babcock the #knittingrunner vanna white on her lion brand signature yarns sale lion brand 2-in-1 tote lion brand spring knit along 2015 kick off we have a winner! lion brand spring knit along 2015 glamour jacket knit-along: ridge pattern lion brand yarn spring 2015 knit along - styling lion brand at the 2014 stitch-n-pitch top down crochet jacket crochet along: swatching lion brand's "7 wonders of the yarn world" fashion show 2014 thanks to our 175,000 facebook fans! thank you, facebook fans! thank you from president david blumenthal michelle edwards's updated ripple afghan inspiration! speed crocheting with lily chin get inspired by over 5,000 free knit & crochet patterns lessons learned from crafting - episode 1 lion brand cha fashion show 2012 lion brand 2009 fashion show vanna white at lion brand fashion show (cha) lion brand fashion show at the cha lion brand president karaoke lessons learned from crafting - episode 1 happy thanksgiving from lion brand yarnstorming citi field at stitch 'n pitch 2011 vanna's choice contest winner three-person sweater with pearl and the beard patty interviews yarn imagination contest winner natalie bayer lion brand on world's greatest lion brand times square ad water tower crochet cozy water tower crochet cozy (2) martha stewart show clip 1 martha stewart show clip 2 martha stewart show clip 3 nili teaches machine knitting with michelle of craftzine.com what is an amigurumi? talks from the yarniverse talks from the yarniverse with debby ware talks from the yarniverse with daina taimina talks from the yarniverse with lily chin talks from the yarniverse with pat novak and kim novak talks from the yarniverse with cathy carron talks from the yarniverse with nicky epstein talks from the yarniverse with stitchy mcyarnpants & caro sheridan talks from the yarniverse with meg swansen talks from the yarniverse with michelle edwards talks from the yarniverse with adrienne sloane talks from the yarniverse with françoise dupré talks from the yarniverse with mary beth temple talks from the yarniverse with edie eckman talks from the yarniverse with adrienne martini talks from the yarniverse with anna hrachovec talks from the yarniverse with anna hrachovec #2 talks from the yarniverse with rita weiss talks from the yarniverse with melissa leapman talks from the yarniverse with franklin habit talks from the yarniverse with connie chang chinchio talks from the yarniverse with cookie a talks from the yarniverse with dora ohrenstein talks from the yarniverse with margaret radcliffe talks from the yarniverse with brenda dayne talks from the yarniverse with lela nargi talks from the yarniverse with robyn chachula talks from the yarniverse with mathew gnagy talks from the yarniverse with sharon silverman talks from the yarniverse with carol sulcoski talks from the yarniverse with bruce weinstein lions den lions den: knitting the ruffles frill-seeker scarf 1of 2 lions den: knitting the ruffles frill-seeker scarf 2of 2 lions den: knitting with ruffles yarn lions den: knitting the keyhole in a scarf lion's den: carrying yarn up the side of your work knitting daily tv little lamb sock critter knit-along pt. 1 on knitting daily tv (#504) little lamb sock critter knit-along pt. 2 on knitting daily tv (#505) little lamb sock critter knit-along pt. 3 on knitting daily tv (#506) little lamb sock critter knit-along pt. 4 on knitting daily tv (#507) fallen leaves knit-along pt. 1 on knitting daily tv (#501) fallen leaves knit-along pt. 2 on knitting daily tv (#502) fallen leaves knit-along pt. 3 on knitting daily tv (#503) how to how to knit a yarn over increase (yo) how to knit a right lifted increase (rli) how to make a "knit into front and back" increase (kfb) how to knit the make one right increase (m1r) how to knit the make one left increase (m1l) how to knit a left lifted increase (lli) how to do the magic circle how to invisibly seam granny squares how to do front and back post stitches how to do a chain-less foundation row learn to knit a baby hat and booties how to make a fishtail rubber band bracelet how to make a simple rubber band bracelet how to cable without a cable needle how to crochet a granny square how to use a stitch marker and why they're useful in knit & crochet how to style and customize a rectangle shrug rosettes: how to make an outline center rosette rosettes: how to make a solid center rosette yarnplay: wrap your gifts with yarn about lion brand® yarn lion brand® yarn company is a fifth generation, family-owned business. lion brand® yarns are sold online, at craft chains, discount chains and independent shops across the united states. we are passionate about helping people enjoy the pleasures of working with yarn.we're with you every stitch of the way® our company about us silk city fibers careers help support & faq shipping & returns privacy policy terms of use email newsletter subscribe to receive early access to exclusive daily deals and more subscribe © 2023 lion brand yarn american express apple pay discovergoogle pay mastercardpaypalshop payvenmo visa