来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241216110450/https://www.lionbrand.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – lion brand yarn skip to content yarns yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo fiber acrylic alpaca cotton nylon polyester wool yarn family wool-ease touch of luxe lb collection color palettesall yarns patterns craft crochet knit knit-crochet loom loom-weave craft project type accessory bag blanket cardigan cowl decoration dress hat legwarmer pillow poncho scarf shawl sock sweater top vest made for baby children holiday home men pets women yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo skill level level 1 - beginner level 2 - easy (beginner+) level 3 - intermediate level 4 - intermediate+ level 5 - experienced all free patterns kits craft crochet knit weave project type afgan bag cardigan cowl hat poncho scarf shawl sweater toy vest made for baby child home men women yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo skill level level 1 - beginner level 2 - easy (beginner +) level 3 - intermediate level 4 - intermediate+ collectionsdesigner all about ami evelyn & peter crochet knitatude make & do crew mama in a stitch one dog woof originally lovely tl yarn crafts two of wands whistle and wool shop all designers shop all kits accessories & more hooksneedlesweavingbags & casesbooks & magazinescolor cardsother toolslby gift card clearancelearn how to knithow to crochethow to weaveglossarystitch findervideo libraryyarn label & careyarn weight classeshow much yarn...discontinued yarnfrequently asked questions community & blog hat not hateour blogcommunity gallery2024 trends report currency selector cadgbpusd bag view all your bag is empty get 30% off yarns & kits, no code necessary – offer ends 2024-12-16t09:00:00.00-04:00 *prices as marked, some exclusions apply search... close yarns yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo fiber acrylic alpaca cotton nylon polyester wool yarn family wool-ease touch of luxe lb collection color palettes all yarns patterns craft crochet knit knit-crochet loom loom-weave craft project type accessory bag blanket cardigan cowl decoration dress hat legwarmer pillow poncho scarf shawl sock sweater top vest made for baby children holiday home men pets women yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo skill level level 1 - beginner level 2 - easy (beginner+) level 3 - intermediate level 4 - intermediate+ level 5 - experienced all free patterns kits craft crochet knit weave project type afgan bag cardigan cowl hat poncho scarf shawl sweater toy vest made for baby child home men women yarn weight 1 superfine 2 fine 3 light 4 medium 5 bulky 6 super bulky 7 jumbo skill level level 1 - beginner level 2 - easy (beginner +) level 3 - intermediate level 4 - intermediate+ collections designer all about ami evelyn & peter crochet knitatude make & do crew mama in a stitch one dog woof originally lovely tl yarn crafts two of wands whistle and wool shop all designers shop all kits accessories & more hooks needles weaving bags & cases books & magazines color cards other tools lby gift card clearanceclearance learn how to knit how to crochet how to weave glossary stitch finder video library yarn label & care yarn weight classes how much yarn... discontinued yarn frequently asked questions community & blog hat not hate our blog community gallery 2024 trends report currency selector cadgbpusd rewards search my account favorites bag 0 favorites privacy policy orchard yarn and thread company inc. (“company,” “we”, or “us”) respects the privacy rights of its website users. the following “privacy policy,” is meant to be read and understood in conjunction with our online terms and conditions, https://www.lionbrand.com/pages/terms-of-use, (“terms”) and any capitalized terms used in this privacy policy but not defined will have the meanings ascribed to them in the terms. this privacy policy describes our information collection and use practices in connection with our site and the services, as well as any circumstances under which we may disclose information collected from you. i. general terms and how you accept this policy when you visit the site or submit personal information (as defined below) through the site or services, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. the site may contain links to third party websites or services (“third party services”). please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party services. we encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website or service they visit, including any third party services. this privacy policy applies solely to information collected by us through the site or services. ii. information we collect “personal information” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, payment information, as well as any other information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. “non-personal information” means data that is anonymous and cannot be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity. non-personal information does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. we collect personal information and non-personal information, as described below. we collect personal information as required to offer services, as listed in the terms, as voluntarily provided by you in the course of correspondence or registration, and as otherwise identified below, such as information you voluntarily provide to us. for example, we may ask you to participate in a survey, and may ask you to provide personal information, such as age, gender or demographic data. when you visit the site, we may collect non-personal information such as device related information, like your ip address, or server log information, including the date and time you visit. this information may be used to diagnose problems with our server, or to gain an understanding about who is using the site. when registering for the services, each registered user will be asked to provide a first and last name, email address and to create, or be provided with, a unique password that, along with a provided email address, enables access to certain parts of the service, such as payment. we may track the use of those email addresses and passwords in order to collect and maintain records of individual transactions conducted through the service by registered users, and those records may be associated with each registered user’s individual account profile within our system. email addresses may also be used to provide optional communications (as defined below). registered users may also be asked to provide the following optional information in your account dashboard (“account dashboard”) such as date of birth, gender and favorite products and preferences (e.g., preferred retails stores and yarn brands). we use this information to gain an understanding of our registered users’ needs and shopping preferences, as well as to recommend products where applicable. you may be able to access and register for the site and services through third-party websites and social media platforms (facebook, instagram, twitter, etc.). if you do so, you give us permission to access, store and use any information that you permit the applicable third-party website or service to share with us in accordance with their terms and conditions and policies. we may store and use any information that we receive from those websites and services in accordance with this privacy policy. personal information necessary to complete a payment may include first and last name, email address, physical address (shipping and billing if different), phone number and credit or debit card information or other information required to complete your purchase. when you place an order through the site you are required to submit such payment information either to us or a third-party e-commerce platform engaged by us. we may provide your personal information to those third parties in order to facilitate your transaction and customer service, and they may provide certain information to us all for the purpose of completing the transaction that you requested us to perform. we may also collect personal information from users who do not register for an account or receive optional communications, as necessary to provide the services. iii. use and disclosure we may use information collected from the site and the services in several ways, as outlined in this privacy policy. for example, we may use personal information as needed to provide the site and the services to you, to create an account for you, and to communicate with you regarding your use of the services. we may also use both personal information and non-personal information when evaluating ways to improve the site and the service. as further described below, in limited circumstances we may disclose collected information, including personal information, to certain third parties in connection as necessary to provide services or as required by law. payment information is collected directly by a third-party payment provider engaged by us in order to complete an order, and such information may be stored in such third-party’s secured database. this third party will use that personal information only to process and confirm your transaction, provide customer service, and fulfill your order and deliver items to you, and maintain order history. if you are a registered user, your personal information may also be stored for the purpose of processing any future payments that you make for additional goods and services. however, if you complete your transactions as a “guest”, your credit card or payment data will not be stored and you will need to re-supply such card card/payment details to make any future purchases. we will share your personal information with our third payment provider only to the extent necessary for the purposes of fulfilling and servicing your requested transaction. you can find information about such third party’s privacy policies and practices at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. we may also use personal information collected through the site to communicate with users from whom such information was collected in order to provide promotional materials about the company. however, unlike communications which are necessary to provide services (e.g., communications regarding transactions) (“necessary communications”), promotional communications, such as our “newsletter” are optional (“optional communications”), and we will refrain from sending that kind of information to you if you inform us that you prefer not to receive them. if you wish to cease receiving optional communications, please follow the instructions provided in such optional communications or in your account dashboard. we may share hashed portions of your personal information with certain strategic partners, primarily social media networks such as facebook and google, to make our business more responsive to your interests and/or those of like-minded consumers. for example, we may aggregate your email address together with the email addresses of others who place orders on our site, locally hash such data, and transmit the resulting hashed data to facebook for the purpose of creating “custom audiences” (where targeted ads are sent to people on facebook who have already been on our site), and “lookalike audiences” (where targeted ads are sent to people on facebook who have similar characteristics to people on our custom audience list). if you wish to opt-out of this use of certain hashed portions of your personal information, please email us at [email protected] and we will begin the process of removing your personal information from our custom audience list. if you communicate with us through the “contact us,” or similar sections, links, email addresses, or features on the site, we will use the personal information that you submit to us, including your account information if applicable, in order to communicate with you about your questions and comments. we encourage community participation through the submission of stories, projects, reviews and other contributed content. you must be a registered user in order to submit a review or such other content. we typically display the first name from the registered user’s account, but we do not reveal other personal information associated with your account except with your pre-approval. we will not sell, rent, or trade any of the personal information you provide us, except with your express consent. we may provide personal information to our third party service providers for services such as, hosting services, database management, customer data management and customer list creation with the intent that these third parties are only using the personal information to provide services to us. if another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, that company may then possess the personal information collected and stored by us, however, such company will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this privacy policy. under certain circumstances, we may cooperate with legal investigations and/or we may be subject to legal requirements to disclose information about you collected through the site or services, such as, by way of example, to a court or a governmental agency, and our policy is to provide such cooperation and comply fully with all such legal requirements. we may also disclose personal information to protect or defend the rights or property of company or users of the services and/or to investigate any violation or potential violation of the law, this privacy policy, or terms. the disclosures contemplated by this paragraph (“necessary disclosures”) are necessary if you wish to use the service. as mentioned above, we may use and disclose non-personal information without restriction. if you do not want us to make such necessary disclosures, or to use non-personal information without restriction, you must not use the service. iv. use of other non-personal information the site may use, and by using the site you hereby accept the use of, “cookies”, which are small files placed on your computer's hard drive, if your web browser’s security settings so allow, which allow us to recognize you as a user when you return to the site using the same computer and web browser. a cookie will not collect personal information from you. you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most browsers also allow the user to modify settings to decline cookies. please consult the supporting documentation for your web browser for more specific information on declining cookies. if you decline cookies you may still access the site, although some functionality may be limited. we use cookies, beacons or other means to identify when different accounts are linked to the same user, using the same payment information, same ip address, same email address, etc. we may use cookies to identify which pages within the site are being used by whom. this helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our site in order to tailor it to user needs. you may see certain ads on other websites or in your emails based on your visits to the site and third-party sites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third-party businesses that use tracking technologies to deliver advertisements. these third parties collect this information to deliver advertisements based on your individual interests on the company’s behalf across the internet. these companies may collect information about your visits to the site and your interaction with our advertising and other communications, but no personal information is shared with them. to deliver these ads properly, we may include a file (known as a web beacon) from these ad networks within our webpages in order to deliver ads you may be interested in to you while you visit other websites. at this time, we do not support do not track browser settings and do not currently participate in any “do not track” frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your information, whether personally identifiable or not. v. access to personal information/opt-out/deletion we will retain your personal information for as long as needed in order to perform the purposes for which such information was collected. you may request at any time to access or update your personal information, or that we delete any of your personal information stored by us, by contacting us at [email protected]. however, we may not be able to delete all information accessed or provided through us if we do not control such information, such as information originating through a social media network or other third party service providers. following any such request, we will take reasonable steps to provide, modify or delete your personal information as soon as is practicable, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. vi. security measures company goes to great lengths to keep your personal information private and safe. we take appropriate physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personal information collected, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information. please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide adequate security for personal information in our possession and control, but no security system can prevent against all potential security breaches.. likewise, account holders are responsible for safeguarding the confidentiality of passwords, and we bear no liability for access to, or use or disclosure of, personal information, if such access, use or disclosure arises in connection with the theft or disclosure (whether intentional or negligent) of a password. vii. children’s online privacy the site is not meant for children. by using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use the site. we will not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without verified parental consent. we will remove from our files any personal information of anyone we discover to be under 13 years old. we are concerned about the safety of children when they use the internet, and understand that children may not understand all the provisions of this privacy policy or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the site. we encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the sites their children visit. viii. california residents california residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and those who have an established business relationship with us may also choose to opt-out from such disclosures. to do so, please contact us at [email protected] stating your specific request and your name, address, e-mail address and phone number. please allow a minimum of 30 days for a response. this will not prohibit disclosure of information for non-marketing purposes. ix. international transfers if you are an individual in the european economic area (eea), we collect and process personal information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable eu laws. the legal bases depend on the manner in which you use the site. this means we collect and use your personal information only where: we need it to provide you the site, including to operate the site, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the site; it satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the company and to protect our legal rights and interests; you give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or we need to process your personal information to comply with a legal obligation. if you have consented to our use of personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. where we are using your personal information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the site. by using the site you understand that your personal information may be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the united states, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. in certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal information. x. changes to this policy we reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time and without prior notice, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we advise you otherwise. however, we will not use your personal information in a way that is materially different than from the uses described in this privacy policy without giving you an opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. your continued use of the site or services after this notice has been amended shall be deemed to be your continued acceptance of the terms and conditions of the notice, as amended. xi. contacting us if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy and your personal information, please contact us at [email protected]. about lion brand® yarn lion brand® yarn company is a fifth generation, family-owned business. lion brand® yarns are sold online, at craft chains, discount chains and independent shops across the united states. we are passionate about helping people enjoy the pleasures of working with yarn.we're with you every stitch of the way® our company about us quince & co. silk city fibers careers help support & faq shipping & returns privacy policy terms of use privacy requests email newsletter subscribe to receive early access to exclusive daily deals and more subscribe © 2024 lion brand yarn american express apple pay discovergoogle pay mastercardpaypalshop pay venmo visa