来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121226123039/http://www.alliedelec.com/customerservice/legalprivacy.aspx
================================================================================

allied electronics - privacy policy change country:us  | my account  | login  | cart(0) home | products | services | catalog | customer service | about us need help? call (866) 433-5722 privacy policy home  >  privacy policy general you can access our web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data. however, while visiting the allied electronics site, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you ("personal information") for purposes of interacting with our site, including, for example, when you ask for information, enter a contest, order subscriptions, or download material. allied electronics intends to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. if you choose to provide allied electronics with your personal information, it is our intent to let you know how we will use your personal information. allied electronics uses your personal information to help you quickly find goods, services or information on the site. we track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics, and then discard it. if you choose not to have your personal information used as a basis for further contact with you by allied electronics or one of its business partners, you may "opt out". if you choose not to give us your personal information, you can still use most of this site. you merely will not be able to access areas that require registration. additionally, if you do not want allied electronics to send you e-mail or postal mail regarding allied electronics or its services, you may "opt out" at the time you give us your personal information. children's privacy allied electronics does not knowingly collect personal data from children. nor does allied electronics take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal data to us. what personal information does www.alliedelec.com collect from me? www.alliedelec.com collects information in several ways. some personal information is gathered when you register. during registration, www.alliedelec.com asks you for a user name, password, your name, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, company name, and addresses. this information is a mandatory requirement during registration. once you register you are no longer anonymous to www.alliedelec.com and are able to take full advantage of the site. in addition, we keep copies of information you submit when you send e-mail feedback to the site, ask a technical question, or report a problem. if you contact www.alliedelec.com in writing we may keep a record of that correspondence. www.alliedelec.com also occasionally asks users to complete surveys that we use for research purposes. what are cookies and how does www.alliedelec.com use them? a cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. some allied electronics pages may use cookies so that we may better serve you when you return to our site. you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. this web site uses a session cookie to enable e-commerce functionality. when you enter the allied electronics web site, a cookie is sent to your browser. the cookie is stored by your browser, but is not written to your hard disk. this cookie contains a number generated by the allied electronics web server. it is used to uniquely identify your browser for the duration of your visit to the allied electronics site. this cookie is not used to gather information about your visit to the allied electronics site. the cookie is simply used to link you to your unique order. this cookie is similar to a locker key in that, as you interact with our site (add an item to your shopping cart), information is stored for you in a locker on the allied electronics server. the cookie is the key to this locker and the information contained within. because this key is unique to you, it ensures that your information is secured and cannot be accessed by anyone else. when you quit your browser or after 30 minutes of inactivity, the cookie within your browser and the corresponding data will be deleted and your session ended. how does www.alliedelec.com use my information? www.alliedelec.com's primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with customized and relevant information when you visit the site. www.alliedelec.com also does research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us through registration, during a promotion, from our server log files or from surveys. we do this to better understand and serve our users. this research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. we also use your information for the purposes of order fulfillment and occasional direct marketing activities. who is collecting information? when you are on the www.alliedelec.com site and are asked for personal information, you are providing that information to allied electronics or its parent company, electrocomponents plc, alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. please be aware that www.alliedelec.com has links to other sites which may collect personally identifiable information about you. the information practices of those web sites linked to www.alliedelec.com are not covered by this privacy statement. if any link is offered connecting to a third party web site, it is as an accommodation to the respective third party site owner and without charge. sites linked to and from this site are not necessarily under the control of allied electronics and allied electronics shall have no responsibilities or liabilities whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any such linked site or any link or linking program at any time. allied electronics does not necessarily endorse companies (or related products or services) to or from which this site is linked. if you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do so entirely at your own risk. allied electronics hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, tradenames, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names or other intellectual property interests of third parties. with whom does www.alliedelec.com share my information? any information collected about you via the www.alliedelec.com web site will only ever be used within allied electronics or its parent company, electrocomponents plc. allied electronics never sells, rents, or gives away information that personally identifies customers to third parties except in the case where one or more of our businesses may be outsourced and the provision of such information is an essential part of the service requirement. under such circumstances, the security and confidentiality of personal information would form a part of the legal agreement between us and the supplier. from time to time, we may release aggregated marketing statistics to business partners, or may use these in press releases, advertising, or published reports. we would only personally identify you or any other customer in such press releases, advertising, or reports, with prior consent. allied electronics may also disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) allied electronics rights or property, other www.alliedelec.com users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. in addition, allied electronics may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. what are my choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of my information? www.alliedelec.com may, from time to time, send you e-mail regarding our products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. only www.alliedelec.com (or agents working on behalf of www.alliedelec.com and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings. if you do not want to receive e-mail messages from us, simply indicate your desire during the registration process. or, at any time you can easily edit your www.alliedelec.com registry profile to no longer receive such mailings. if you do not wish to receive other forms of direct mail promotions from us, then please contact allied electronics by calling 1-866-433-5722. what is www.alliedelec.com's policy on allowing me to update, correct, or delete my personally identifiable information? you may edit your registry profile information at any time by clicking on the registry tab located in the navigation bar along the top of most pages on the allied electronics site. we allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data erased, rectified, amended, or completed. how does www.alliedelec.com protect account, financial, or credit card information? whenever sensitive information is sent to or from www.alliedelec.com, we receive that information from your browser, or present it to you, via a verisign certified secure-server using industry-standard ssl (secure socket layer) encryption. what security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of my information? your www.alliedelec.com account information and www.alliedelec.com registry profile are password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information. allied electronics has implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. all our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. we ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to state institutions and authorities except if required by law, regulation or by a court of competent jurisdiction or a duly authorized administrative or legislative authority. we recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. www.alliedelec.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. allied electronics will not "transfer" accounts among customers. also remember to close your browser window when you have finished your work. this is to ensure that others cannot access your personal or business information if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place. site technologies allied electronics does not provide the technologies used to build its site, and therefore neither recommends nor endorses the same. any information regarding identified technologies, their capabilities, limitations, applications, etc., should be sought directly from their manufacturers. allied electronics hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, tradenames, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names or other intellectual property interests of third parties. if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, and the use of cookies, please send email to: allied electronics terms & conditions privacy security shipping info legal about us allied history press room careers quality customer service contact us tech support services returns order status quick order supplier line card order catalog site map © allied electronics, inc. 2013. all rights reserved.