来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161119023340/http://www.bambeco.com/our_story/partners
================================================================================

our environmental partners our environmental partners free ground shipping    ● every purchase plants a tree    ●    25% off sitewide use code presale16 help cart (0) seasonal & new what's new customer favorites reclaimed wood holiday wrap & cards holiday ornaments holiday entertaining holiday decor gift ideas top 20 gifts holiday gift sets sustainable stocking stuffers handcrafted gifts edible gifts gifts for the holiday host gifts for the nature lover gifts made in the usa gifts for diy joy gifts for your favorite guy gifts for your favorite gal gifts for the natural chef gifts for pampering personalized gifts gifts that transform lives gifts that saves species gifts for the merry mixer gifts for the wine aficionado gifts for the one who has everything gifts that give back under $30 gifts that give back under $50 gifts that give back under $100 cards & gift wrap for the pet wedding gift card furniture shop all furniture sofas & chaises chairs, stools, ottomans coffee & accent tables dining tables bar carts, side boards, buffets benches & trunks cabinets & shelving beds & headboards bedside tables & dressers home office home decor shop all home decor rugs & mats lighting pillows throws home accents wall art vases mirrors frames candles planters & terrariums wreaths & botanicals kitchen & entertaining shop all kitchen and entertainment dinnerware drinkware pitchers & decanters flatware & serving utensils serveware bakeware barware cook's tools artisanal edibles table linens aprons, holders, mitts towels cleaning supplies sale bed & bath shop all bed and bath bedding collections duvets & blankets sheets & shams bedding basics organic mattresses decorative pillows bath linens spa accessories cleaning supplies sale outdoor shop all outdoor furniture agrarian outdoor rugs & mats barbecue tools outdoor adventure decor lighting & candlelight garden herbs & plants feeders & habitats garden tools sale shop all sale kitchen & entertaining sale bed & bath sale our story our impact our actions our mission our commitment our sustainability principles our leadership our environmental partners it all means something in the press our story gift ideas top 20 gifts holiday gift sets sustainable stocking stuffers handcrafted gifts edible gifts gifts for the holiday host gifts for the nature lover gifts made in the usa gifts for diy joy gifts for your favorite guy gifts for your favorite gal gifts for the natural chef gifts for pampering personalized gifts gifts that transform lives gifts that saves species gifts for the merry mixer gifts for the wine aficionado gifts for the one who has everything gifts that give back under $30 gifts that give back under $50 gifts that give back under $100 cards & gift wrap for the pet wedding gift card seasonal & new what's new customer favorites reclaimed wood holiday wrap & cards holiday ornaments holiday entertaining holiday decor furniture shop all furniture sofas & chaises chairs, stools, ottomans coffee & accent tables dining tables bar carts, side boards, buffets benches & trunks cabinets & shelving beds & headboards bedside tables & dressers home office home decor shop all home decor rugs & mats lighting pillows throws home accents wall art vases mirrors frames candles planters & terrariums wreaths & botanicals kitchen & entertaining shop all kitchen and entertainment dinnerware drinkware pitchers & decanters flatware & serving utensils serveware bakeware barware cook's tools artisanal edibles table linens aprons, holders, mitts towels cleaning supplies sale bed & bath shop all bed and bath bedding collections duvets & blankets sheets & shams bedding basics organic mattresses decorative pillows bath linens spa accessories cleaning supplies sale outdoor shop all outdoor furniture agrarian outdoor rugs & mats barbecue tools outdoor adventure decor lighting & candlelight garden herbs & plants feeders & habitats garden tools summer sale shop all sale kitchen & entertaining sale bed & bath sale your cart account contact us customer service 866.535.4144 we believe there is an inherent and profound connection between us and our environment. that’s why everything we do—from our manufacturing processes to our materials, our best practices to our products—measurably impacts the efforts of our environmental partners. we believe there is an inherent and profound connection between us and our environment. that’s why everything we do—from our manufacturing processes to our materials, our best practices to our products—measurably impacts the efforts of our environmental partners. climate week nyc climate week nyc is a cornerstone event in the international calendar that brings together influential global figures and new voices from the worlds of business, government and investors to lead the transition toward net zero emissions. the climate group launched climate week nyc in 2009, and has since acted as the secretariat. this year, climate week nyc takes place from september 19 -26, just eight weeks before what is set to be a pivotal us presidential election. the opening ceremony, hosted by the climate group, will focus on us leadership and gather decision makers from business and government to demonstrate how continued investment in innovation, technology and clean energy will drive profitability can create prosperous net zero emissions economies and thriving communities. climate week nyc is also the collaborative space for climate events in support of the un sustainable development goals and the paris climate agreement. chesapeake bay foundation saving the bay through restoration, advocacy, education, and litigation. cbf works to improve the quality of the chesapeake bay and its tributaries, aiming for clear water, free of damage from toxic contaminants, and with healthy oxygen levels. american forests we are proud to partner with american forests, the oldest national nonprofit conservation organization in the country, for a joint commitment to restore and protect forests and mitigate climate change. with every bambeco purchase, american forests will plant a tree. whole planet foundation born out of whole foods market’s desire to give something back to those who have helped them succeed, whole planet foundation provides grants to micro finance institutions in asia, africa, the americas and the middle east, who in turn develop and offer micro enterprise loan programs, training and financial services to the self-employed poor. the nature conservancy the nature conservancy is the leading organization working to conserve the lands and waters on which all life depends. together with its more than 1 million members and 550 scientists, the conservancy has protected 120 million acres of land and 5,000 miles of rivers worldwide. oceana oceana campaigns to protect and restore the world's oceans. our teams of marine scientists, economists, lawyers and advocates win specific and concrete policy changes to reduce pollution and to prevent the irreversible collapse of fish populations, marine mammals and other sea life. blue water baltimore blue water baltimore works towards a future when our neighborhood streams are safe for fishing and swimming and a clean harbor is the pride of our city. south river federation part of the riverkeepers program, the south river association acts to protect, preserve, restore, and celebrate the south river and its interdependent living community. climate ride climate ride promotes the bicycle as a viable, carbon-free, healthy and fun method of transportation. the group creates events to inspire and empower citizens to work toward a new energy future and to increase awareness of the climate crisis, renewable energy, and green jobs. recyclebank recyclebank rewards you for taking green action. their mission is to motivate individuals and communities to realize a world in which nothing is wasted—changing how people view their role in creating a sustainable future. bike to work day the league of american bicyclists promotes bicycling for fun, fitness & transportation. we are working to build a bicycle-friendly america! bambeco works directly with bike 2 work central maryland to promote bicycle commuting. eco-libris bambeco is planting a tree with eco-libris for every book purchased on the website. buyers will also receive eco-libris sticker ("one tree planted for this book") with every book they purchase. sustainlane sustainlane is an online community where you can connect with local people interested in living healthy lives on a green planet. ecobonus ecobonus is a rewards program to encourage consumers to choose environmentally preferable products and live eco-conscious lifestyles. green america the mission at green america is to harness economic power—the strength of consumers, investors, businesses, and the marketplace—to create a socially just and environmentally sustainable society. climate week nyc climate week nyc is a cornerstone event in the international calendar that brings together influential global figures and new voices from the worlds of business, government and investors to lead the transition toward net zero emissions. the climate group launched climate week nyc in 2009, and has since acted as the secretariat. this year, climate week nyc takes place from september 19 -26, just eight weeks before what is set to be a pivotal us presidential election. the opening ceremony, hosted by the climate group, will focus on us leadership and gather decision makers from business and government to demonstrate how continued investment in innovation, technology and clean energy will drive profitability can create prosperous net zero emissions economies and thriving communities. climate week nyc is also the collaborative space for climate events in support of the un sustainable development goals and the paris climate agreement. chesapeake bay foundation saving the bay through restoration, advocacy, education, and litigation. cbf works to improve the quality of the chesapeake bay and its tributaries, aiming for clear water, free of damage from toxic contaminants, and with healthy oxygen levels. american forests we are proud to partner with american forests, the oldest national nonprofit conservation organization in the country, for a joint commitment to restore and protect forests and mitigate climate change. with every bambeco purchase, american forests will plant a tree. whole planet foundation born out of whole foods market’s desire to give something back to those who have helped them succeed, whole planet foundation provides grants to micro finance institutions in asia, africa, the americas and the middle east, who in turn develop and offer micro enterprise loan programs, training and financial services to the self-employed poor. the nature conservancy the nature conservancy is the leading organization working to conserve the lands and waters on which all life depends. together with its more than 1 million members and 550 scientists, the conservancy has protected 120 million acres of land and 5,000 miles of rivers worldwide. oceana oceana campaigns to protect and restore the world's oceans. our teams of marine scientists, economists, lawyers and advocates win specific and concrete policy changes to reduce pollution and to prevent the irreversible collapse of fish populations, marine mammals and other sea life. blue water baltimore blue water baltimore works towards a future when our neighborhood streams are safe for fishing and swimming and a clean harbor is the pride of our city. south river federation part of the riverkeepers program, the south river association acts to protect, preserve, restore, and celebrate the south river and its interdependent living community. climate ride climate ride promotes the bicycle as a viable, carbon-free, healthy and fun method of transportation. the group creates events to inspire and empower citizens to work toward a new energy future and to increase awareness of the climate crisis, renewable energy, and green jobs. recyclebank recyclebank rewards you for taking green action. their mission is to motivate individuals and communities to realize a world in which nothing is wasted—changing how people view their role in creating a sustainable future. bike to work day the league of american bicyclists promotes bicycling for fun, fitness & transportation. we are working to build a bicycle-friendly america! bambeco works directly with bike 2 work central maryland to promote bicycle commuting. eco-libris bambeco is planting a tree with eco-libris for every book purchased on the website. buyers will also receive eco-libris sticker ("one tree planted for this book") with every book they purchase. sustainlane sustainlane is an online community where you can connect with local people interested in living healthy lives on a green planet. ecobonus ecobonus is a rewards program to encourage consumers to choose environmentally preferable products and live eco-conscious lifestyles. green america the mission at green america is to harness economic power—the strength of consumers, investors, businesses, and the marketplace—to create a socially just and environmentally sustainable society. 866.535.4144 join us for 15% off your next purchase shop bambeco servewarebarwareflatwaregift ideasseasonal & newfurniturehome decorkitchen & entertainingbed & bathoutdoorsale seasonal & new what's new customer favorites reclaimed wood holiday wrap & cards holiday ornaments holiday entertaining holiday decor need help? customer service track my order my account contact us return policy faq affiliate program trade program request a catalog privacy policy our company our story our impact our actions our mission our commitment our principles our leadership our partners it all means something in the press join our team inspired habitat blog 866.535.4144 join for 15% off your next purchase © 2016 bambeco, inc. trademark all rights reserved. privacy policy site map top × carbonfree shipping we’ve taken measurable steps to reduce our carbon footprint across our entire business. this includes minimal packaging made from recycled materials, working with select shipping carriers that offer greener options and eliminating our carbon impact in 100% of our shipments. with carbonfree® shipping through carbonfund.org, we’re offsetting unavoidable emissions, supporting renewable energy and achieving our goal of delivering carbon free to our customer’s door. so far, we’ve kept over 236 metric tons of carbon out of the atmosphere. free ground shipping excludes bulky or white glove service items. × please note after completing your purchase, a customer service representative will contact you for a consultation (1-2 business days after your order). orders will not be processed or shipped until this consultation is complete. please proceed to checkout to complete your order. × mother's day delivery - mother’s day is may 8th. get your gifts by may 7th when you order using the dates and shipping methods below. order by date shipping method thursday, may 5, 2:00 pm et overnight wednesday, may 4, 2:00 pm et 2 day monday, may 2, 2:00 pm et 3 day sunday, may 1, 2:00 pm et ground (standard) costs vary per item and location. see details in your shopping cart. additional delivery charges may apply to items that are too large or bulky to be accommodated by our standard shipping charges. questions? call our brand advocates mon-fri 9:00am-7:00pm et. 866.535.4144