来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111207044323/http://www.discounttwo-wayradio.com/testimonials
================================================================================

discount two-way radio - customer testimonials home page your account checkout about us help register | log in navigationsearch: 0 cart search by industry airports ambulance churches farming / ranching fire departments health care heavy construction property management emergency response indoor events light construction warehousing military / coast guard outdoor events parking services hazardous envir. police departments heavy industry restaurants retail schools security handheld two-way radios all handhelds economy standard compact superior intrinsically safe emergency / disaster p25 radios aviation package discounts all packages standard packages intrinsically safe packages digital packages gps packages waterproof packages repeater packages batteries motorola kenwood icom cp220 / cp240 / ht850 vertex maxon legacy rca ritron tekk ge / ericson accessories antennas belt clips cp220 / cp240 / ht850 icom maxon motorola vertex kenwood rca chestpacks high noise reduction headsets aviation cp220 / cp240 / ht850 icom kenwood maxon motorola vertex rca holsters cp220 / cp240 / ht850 icom kenwood macom maxon midland motorola rca relm tait vertex lightweight headsets cp220 / cp240 / ht850 icom kenwood maxon motorola vertex rca listen only earpieces cp220 / cp240 / ht850 icom kenwood legacy maxon motorola vertex rca speaker mics / lapel mics cp220 / cp240 / ht850 icom kenwood maxon motorola vertex rca surveillance kits cp220 / cp240 / ht850 icom kenwood maxon motorola vertex rca waterproof radio bags chargers cp220 / cp240 / ht850 motorola icom kenwood vertex maxon rca smart chargers six-bank chargers mobile two-way radios business & industry public safety aviation base stations repair two-way radio trade-in pa systems p25 two-way radios digital radio products aviation / airband products repeaters solar solutions radio over ip systems systems design metal detector megaphones discount racing radios clearance ssl cert i look forward to receiving the radios and completing our emergency plans but my reason for this email is to tell you directly that i am most appreciative of your willingness to discuss our situation and to offer the optimal solution to our communications needs. it is a pleasure doing business with you and your company. i do not know whether our future needs will require additional radios or service but i can tell you that i will discuss, with my friends and anyone who will listen, my positive experiences with each employee of your company with whom i have talked, and i will strongly refer your company to any and all people who will listen. robert s. westbrook i think your approval and update process your company has is awesome and keeps the customer well informed! great work! thank you! slade horacek thank you! the troubleshooting guide that came back with our radios is great. jack bell thanks i was just checking on the status of the charger, and wanted to let you people know that your rma and repair system is one of the best i've had to work with. keep up the good work. i will be purchasing from you in the future. now days it's hard to find good companies to work with, and yours seems to be one of the best. bobbie hill we just wanted to say a big thank you! both times we have ordered from you, we have received our order the very next day - without express shipping. we also love the emails showing the order as it progresses! loma linda elementary i have to say i took a chance on the rca radios and i can't believe how good the range is on the handheld. thank you for the fast service and responding to my concerns and questions. andy neil thanks for your excellent communication and customer service. israel jordán thank you alex. wonderful customer service. have a great weekend! j. greenberg i think your approval and update process your company has is awesome and keeps the customer well informed! great work! thank you! slade horacek "thank you danny, as always, discount radio made it good. you guys are great, and i just told some other companies about you." don temple "not one problem, it was exactly what was described, maybe a tad more. great people to do business with, quick shipping." ronald d handke "excellent customer service. i originally ordered the wrong battery; completely my fault. two-way radio made the return easy and the credit was prompt. my correct battery was shipped quickly. could not ask for better customer experience!" jerry a shepardson "ordering was easy and delivery was prompt. the information pages to help find the right battery for my equipment was so appreciated. i did not have to guess at what i needed." empress j. vick "i received what i ordered when promised. i can't ask for more." james d puglise "recently we purchased several radios and had a little trouble programming two radios and i would like to thank alex and marcos for all the time they spent helping me. they were very professional and helpful." david trentham "thank you for all your good work. keeping in touch with me and e-mailing your findings has been very helpful and well appreciated. will always send our work to you and have mentioned you to others." richard "i got the best service from you" eileen "i want to let you know that we are very happy with the radios! they have a great range and the features are more than we will ever use. thank you and your company for all of the help with our radio purchase. you will be the first company we call with future radio purchases!" william l. steinberg "thanks so much for all your help! i appreciate your cheerful and zealous efforts to get things "right". thank you." rea pope "thank you! your treatment of me as a customer was great!" robert beck "i was relieved to hear that this radio can be reprogrammed for $15.00. it is indeed a pleasure doing business with you folks! thank you very much for all your help. once the new repeater is in place we should be able to show that 2 watts is more than adequate." richard f. ashley, ph.d. "not only do you have awesome prices, but your products are awesome too. i can hear the heavy-duty vx10 speaker mic through my breathing apparatus. i tell everybody that the gear i bought from you has already been through six fires, and still coming back for more!" matt hannon "i just wanted to drop you a note and say that we received the mobile two-way radios last week. they arrived in perfect condition and were programmed as per our conversations. i want to let you know that we are very happy with the radios! they have a great range and the features are more than we will ever use. after installation in the trucks we put them to the test and they performed beyond my expectations. due to the terrain we were able to transmit and receive at 45 miles as the crow flies! thank you and your company for all of the help with our radio purchase. you will be the first company we call with future radio purchases!" william l. steinberg "you guys are so easy to work with. i never have a problem getting anything i need in a hurry from discount two-way radio." chief jason sands "i am so glad i found discount two-way radio. i was tired of getting overcharged and receiving substandard service from my local dealer. you are twice as good and charge half as much. thanks for making my two-way radio headache go away." marc steverson "thank you for finally making radios affordable for emt's and volunteer firefighters who have to purchase their own radios." tony faucett "doing business with discount two-way radio has enabled us to purchase more radios than i could ever from my old motorola dealer, and my budget has been cut by thirty percent. so far i have found no sacrifice in quality and your warranty is phenomenal. thank you so much!" linda ruff "just wanted to thank all of you for the help in helping me choose the right radio for me." benjamin t brown iii "we went through four radio companies who were either too big, didn't care, or just couldn't get it right. thanks discount two-way radio for finally giving us a radio company we can count on for all our two-way radio needs." terry sprague "the sanyo ultra-high capacity 2700 mah batteries for my motorola saber radios are incredible. they last forever, and i paid practically nothing compared to what i am used to paying from motorola direct. i will be ordering an additional 100 next month. thanks for your help." jonathan m. mcgivallary "thanks for repairing our broken radios so inexpensively after our motorola dealer told us they couldn't be fixed. having to purchase only 28 new radios instead of 37, helped us come in under budget. that's never happened with our radio budget before. thanks for all your help. i'll be sure to tell every school in our district to do business with discount two-way radio." jeff albert "thank you ahead. your attentiveness and patience is very much appreciated. i feel the radio i am buying is great but it was you, not the price, that made the sell. i would have bought a used radio instead of tolerating a poor attitude from someone. thankfully, you were professional and even went a little further." lee white "a very special thanks to all who helped us getting our radios. thanks for rushing and being so kind when we kept calling back." debbie cox "forced to increase security since the september 11 tragedy, i have really appreciated your products and service more than i have over the last few years. i could never trust my two-way radio system to any other company except discount two-way radio." albert deleon "i have purchased from these folks multiple times with great service every time. products are quality and shipment is prompt. i will continue to do business here." ed welsh "requested a recommended radio for our needs. received info promptly and upon purchase was correct and worked extremely well. upon ordering, order was processed and received in a reasonable expected timeframe." samuel j taylor "fast and accurate!" kathy barberousse "the service was excellent, everyone was very clear in letting know what they wanted from you, and completed your order when they said they would." sylvester j. bontiffe the osbo "so far great!!!!!" montgomery co. rural fire "great item." freddy tavarez "website is easy to navigate, simple checkout and i received my shipment quickly!" robert phillips "the process was simple and to the point. everything was made clear before i placed my order and they did what they said they would do. i am perfectly satisified." keith williams "fast shipping." jeffrey h noles "quick delivery. one of the batteries wouldn't charge. i gave them a call and they sent a replacement right away. great service." tim j herring "it arrived when they said it would and the price was in our price range." arleen m saulsgiver "very good. arived quickly. product was just as described and is working fine." valley transit "product was as advertised and shipped promtly." brian k aegerter "had a product problem and it was promptly resolved." tim crawford "good to go!!!!" curtis l bunts "complete and prompt!" thomas a lawell "i would definetly do business with this co. again. fast shipping, excellent pricing, and great communication. they will remain on my favorites list." paul g smith "excellent transaction very efficient." phillip greenberg "product as expected and shipped quickly." robert mechler "you guys are best quick delivery." gloria m flores "very easy to order from and received item very fast!" mdusd valle verde "excellent, i'd definitely buy from this seller again." matthew delallo "it was great fast delivery and the sale person wonderful. thank you for everything" nelsido abreu "good product, quick service, excellent correspondance. i would definitely use again." john kerber "this is the second time i've ordered from two-way radio and both times the service has been great!" erv fluty "great service,fast shipping, product as discribed " randall shaw "prompt delivery. good service." john m. noonan "the headsets i ordered ended up not having the correct connection that i assumed would work with my model of motorola walkie talkie, their phone support was very helpful and made returning the purchase easy." mark d morgan what our customers are saying: high-clarity communication corporate headquarters: 1430 240th st, harbor city ca 90710 | fax: 877-291-9565 © discount two-way radio, all rights reserved. policies & terms email us at: info@dtwr.com    rss español (424) 201-3490 ■ deutsch (424) 201-3489 ■ 中文（普通話）(424) 201-3488 ■ русский (424) 201-3491 ■ български (424) 201-3492 atlanta (404) 631-6427 ■ boston (617) 340-6525 ■ chicago (312) 528-9383 ■ denver (303) 261-8297 ■ detroit (313) 651-7724 ■ houston (281) 249-5413 ■ kansas city (913) 945-1429 ■ las vegas (702) 522-1820 ■ los angeles (310) 224-5100 ■ miami (786) 350-1586 ■ minneapolis (612) 293-3513 ■ nashville (615) 829-8904 ■ new orleans (504) 267-1636 ■ new york (917) 832-1573 ■ philadelphia (267) 331-4323 ■ phoenix (602) 635-4271 ■ san francisco (415) 349-5029 ■ seattle (206) 452-5521