来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201130165421/https://www.discounttwo-wayradio.com/blog
================================================================================

the two-way radio blog account help industries airports & airlines construction education facility management hospitals & medical offices hotels and resorts manufacturing marine commercial/private operations mining, extraction & refining public safety & government agencies religious organizations retail & restaurants security warehousing & logistics education & corporate savings program industries airports & airlines construction education facility management hospitals & medical offices hotels and resorts manufacturing marine commercial/private operations mining, extraction & refining public safety & government agencies religious organizations retail & restaurants security warehousing & logistics education & corporate savings program buy the right radios without overpaying, guaranteed! 800-895-5122 100% money back guarantee no questions asked menu search search: search cart 0 recently added item(s) × you have no items in your shopping cart. products radios batteries accessories chargers call boxes & pa's safety equipment featured radios handheld radios mobile radios base station radios repeaters radio package discounts batteries for rca radios batteries for motorola radios batteries for kenwood radios batteries for icom radios batteries for vertex radios batteries for alpha one radios batteries for pro series radios audio accessories carry accessories carry cases public safety single chargers multi-unit chargers smart chargers car chargers radio callboxes wireless pa systems metal detectors thunderpower megaphones products radios featured radios handheld radios mobile radios base station radios repeaters radio package discounts batteries batteries for rca radios batteries for motorola radios batteries for kenwood radios batteries for icom radios batteries for vertex radios batteries for alpha one radios batteries for pro series radios accessories audio accessories carry accessories carry cases public safety chargers single chargers multi-unit chargers smart chargers car chargers call boxes & pa's radio callboxes wireless pa systems safety equipment metal detectors thunderpower megaphones shop by brand rca radios motorola radios kenwood radios icom radios vertex radios alpha one by rca pro series radios shop by brand rca radios motorola radios kenwood radios icom radios vertex radios alpha one by rca pro series radios repair motorola two way radio repair kenwood two way radio repair vertex two way radio repair icom two way radio repair rca two way radio repair pro series two way radio repair hytera two way radio repair maxon two way radio repair repair motorola two way radio repair kenwood two way radio repair vertex two way radio repair icom two way radio repair rca two way radio repair pro series two way radio repair hytera two way radio repair maxon two way radio repair systems faqs blog: tips, case studies & articles check your warranty status guides connector compatibility radio model list radio faq accessory faq battery & charger faq cash 4 clunkers trade-in engraving order & account help faqs blog: tips, case studies & articles check your warranty status guides connector compatibility radio model list radio faq accessory faq battery & charger faq cash 4 clunkers trade-in engraving order & account help on sale search: search the two-way radio blog my account my cart checkout log in home / the two-way radio blog swipe to the left the two-way radio blog discount two-way radio applauded by the united states navy by vincent aviani november 10, 2020 the two-way radio and professional wireless equipment have been used by the united states military since 1923, and discount two-way radio has been an important part of supplying the armed forces of the united states with two-way radio equipment for nearly a quarter century. recently, the assistant secretary to the united states navy recognized discount two-way radio for its stellar work and dedication during the covid-19 pandemic. read more helping the u.s.military for nearly 25 years with 2-way radio equipment and jobs by vincent aviani november 9, 2020 for nearly a quarter century, discount two-way radio has been a proud supporter of the united states military. from supplying our troops the very best rca two-way radio equipment to helping former combat veterans find quality work, discount two-way radio has always been at the "tip of the spear" when it comes to supporting our armed forces. read more why are rca two-way radio earpieces and surveillance kits so popular? by ben burns october 5, 2020 today’s business world moves fast and so to stay one step ahead of the competition and both eyes in front of the curve, you need to maximize your communications equipment. one of the simplest and most cost effective ways to keep your communications flowing is to incorporate professional grade rca audio accessories like rca earpieces and surveillance kits into you two-way radio equipment. read more about people choose rca audio accessories. posted in: two-way radio tips read more two-way radio charging tips october 2, 2020 two-way radio technology is critically important to businesses, organizations, and schools. but to make 2-way radios function, you must have battery power. that’s why battery life is incredibly important for keeping your two-way radios functioning on a day-to-day basis. battery power keeps communication moving and when communication moves, productivity and safety increase. posted in: two-way radio tips read more portable walkie talkie’s improve employees productivity by ben burns september 2, 2020 ever since motorola introduced one of the earliest two-way radios in the 1920’s, it was obvious that walkie talkie technology would be able to positively impact office environments and help employees become more productive. even as more technology gets introduced into the work environment, and technological advances overhaul business models, two-way radios continue to be one of the most important tools to improve worker efficiency, productivity, and safety. read more leading wastewater treatment plant comes to dtwr for 2-way radios by vincent aviani august 25, 2020 recently one of the nation's largest water and wastewater treatment utility firms came to discount two-way radio (dtwr) to help improve their safety and communications. read how dtwr introduced the rca intrinsically safe rdr4360 to help them improve the overall efficiency for their wastewater treatment operations.industry: water treatmentcustomer: pennsylvania american waterproduct: rca rdr4360 intrinsically safe 2-way radioproblem: the company needed an affordable but powerful intrinsically safe two-way radios to communicate between crew members who need to inspect, repair or clean sewage storage tanks.solution: exclusive discount two-way radio free demo-program that allowed the company to “test drive” heavy-duty intrinsically safe two-way radios to determine if they would be powerful enough to penetrate super thick concrete containers. posted in: case studies read more #covid-19: an insider’s guide for cleaning two-way radios by vincent aviani august 6, 2020 if you work in the construction, education, warehousing, logistics, or janitorial industries then you probably use 2-way radios. however, do you know how to sanitize your radios? this article outlines exactly how to keep your radios clean, especially during the covid-19 era. read more orange county animal care center uses rca radios to help rescue animals by vincent aviani july 28, 2020 read about how discount two-way radio provide the orange county animal care center professional grade two-way radios to help the facility improve communication and coordination. the facility took in more than 30,000 dogs, cats, bunnies, and other pets in 2019. whether ill, injured, or ill-tempered, the center receives pets from people who can no longer care for them, and pets that are no longer wanted. the center provides services to the cities of anaheim, brea, cypress, fountain valley, fullerton, orange, huntington beach, santa ana, lake forest, tustin, placentia, san juan capistrano, villa park, and yorba linda. read more why rca 2-way radios are a great solution for campus security programs by ben burns july 7, 2020 there is no doubt that 2-way radio technology is an incredibly valuable tool for schools of any size. after all, wireless technology has been a cornerstone component of school district’s emergency planning for decades. along the way, thousands of schools have turned to discount two-way radio has provided school districts affordable, reliable, and durable rca two-way radio equipment since 1997. in fact, there is no better equipment for locating a missing student or immediately informing security of an unauthorized campus breach than two-way radios - whether rca 2-way radios, motorola 2-way radios or icom 2-way radios. posted in: industry news read more using two-way radios to search for olympic gold by ben burns june 25, 2020 the usa olympic bobsled and skeleton team (usabs) relies on professional-grade two-way radio equipment to optimize racing times and reduce the potential for serious injury to athletes. that’s why the team turned to discount two-way radio as their official two-way radio sponsor as they prepare for the 2022 olympic games in beijing, china. read more older entries categories case studies product news industry guides industry news two-way radio tips search the blog search the two-way radio blog discount two-way radio applauded by the united states navy by vincent aviani november 10, 2020 the two-way radio and professional wireless equipment have been used by the united states military since 1923, and discount two-way radio has been an important part of supplying the armed forces of the united states with two-way radio equipment for nearly a quarter century. recently, the assistant secretary to the united states navy recognized discount two-way radio for its stellar work and dedication during the covid-19 pandemic. read more helping the u.s.military for nearly 25 years with 2-way radio equipment and jobs by vincent aviani november 9, 2020 for nearly a quarter century, discount two-way radio has been a proud supporter of the united states military. from supplying our troops the very best rca two-way radio equipment to helping former combat veterans find quality work, discount two-way radio has always been at the "tip of the spear" when it comes to supporting our armed forces. read more why are rca two-way radio earpieces and surveillance kits so popular? by ben burns october 5, 2020 today’s business world moves fast and so to stay one step ahead of the competition and both eyes in front of the curve, you need to maximize your communications equipment. one of the simplest and most cost effective ways to keep your communications flowing is to incorporate professional grade rca audio accessories like rca earpieces and surveillance kits into you two-way radio equipment. read more about people choose rca audio accessories. read more posted in: two-way radio tips two-way radio charging tips october 2, 2020 two-way radio technology is critically important to businesses, organizations, and schools. but to make 2-way radios function, you must have battery power. that’s why battery life is incredibly important for keeping your two-way radios functioning on a day-to-day basis. battery power keeps communication moving and when communication moves, productivity and safety increase. read more posted in: two-way radio tips portable walkie talkie’s improve employees productivity by ben burns september 2, 2020 ever since motorola introduced one of the earliest two-way radios in the 1920’s, it was obvious that walkie talkie technology would be able to positively impact office environments and help employees become more productive. even as more technology gets introduced into the work environment, and technological advances overhaul business models, two-way radios continue to be one of the most important tools to improve worker efficiency, productivity, and safety. read more leading wastewater treatment plant comes to dtwr for 2-way radios by vincent aviani august 25, 2020 recently one of the nation's largest water and wastewater treatment utility firms came to discount two-way radio (dtwr) to help improve their safety and communications. read how dtwr introduced the rca intrinsically safe rdr4360 to help them improve the overall efficiency for their wastewater treatment operations.industry: water treatmentcustomer: pennsylvania american waterproduct: rca rdr4360 intrinsically safe 2-way radioproblem: the company needed an affordable but powerful intrinsically safe two-way radios to communicate between crew members who need to inspect, repair or clean sewage storage tanks.solution: exclusive discount two-way radio free demo-program that allowed the company to “test drive” heavy-duty intrinsically safe two-way radios to determine if they would be powerful enough to penetrate super thick concrete containers. read more posted in: case studies #covid-19: an insider’s guide for cleaning two-way radios by vincent aviani august 6, 2020 if you work in the construction, education, warehousing, logistics, or janitorial industries then you probably use 2-way radios. however, do you know how to sanitize your radios? this article outlines exactly how to keep your radios clean, especially during the covid-19 era. read more orange county animal care center uses rca radios to help rescue animals by vincent aviani july 28, 2020 read about how discount two-way radio provide the orange county animal care center professional grade two-way radios to help the facility improve communication and coordination. the facility took in more than 30,000 dogs, cats, bunnies, and other pets in 2019. whether ill, injured, or ill-tempered, the center receives pets from people who can no longer care for them, and pets that are no longer wanted. the center provides services to the cities of anaheim, brea, cypress, fountain valley, fullerton, orange, huntington beach, santa ana, lake forest, tustin, placentia, san juan capistrano, villa park, and yorba linda. read more why rca 2-way radios are a great solution for campus security programs by ben burns july 7, 2020 there is no doubt that 2-way radio technology is an incredibly valuable tool for schools of any size. after all, wireless technology has been a cornerstone component of school district’s emergency planning for decades. along the way, thousands of schools have turned to discount two-way radio has provided school districts affordable, reliable, and durable rca two-way radio equipment since 1997. in fact, there is no better equipment for locating a missing student or immediately informing security of an unauthorized campus breach than two-way radios - whether rca 2-way radios, motorola 2-way radios or icom 2-way radios. read more posted in: industry news using two-way radios to search for olympic gold by ben burns june 25, 2020 the usa olympic bobsled and skeleton team (usabs) relies on professional-grade two-way radio equipment to optimize racing times and reduce the potential for serious injury to athletes. that’s why the team turned to discount two-way radio as their official two-way radio sponsor as they prepare for the 2022 olympic games in beijing, china. read more older entries exclusive discounts & tips company about us contact us media contacts policies news & promotions quick links request a quote on sale cash 4 clunkers guides connector chart radio models international español (424) 201-3490 deutsch (424) 201-3489 中国 (424) 201-3488 български (424) 201-3492 why buy from us competitive prices largest selection same day shipping expert advice authorized dealer our guarantees to you contact information world headquarters555 w victoria st.rancho dominguez, ca 90220 phone800-895-5122 emailinfo@dtwr.com © 2019 discount two way radio corporation