来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211225172800/https://www.discounttwo-wayradio.com/blog
================================================================================

the two-way radio blog account buy the right radios without overpaying, guaranteed! menu search cart 0 recently added item(s) × you have no items in your shopping cart. radios handheld radios mobile radios base station radios repeaters & systems call boxes & pa's entry level mid-tier high-tier intrinsically safe perfect radio packages specialty radios business mobiles public safety mobiles marine mobile radios aviation mobile radios mobile radio accessories economy base stations professional base stations public safety base stations aviation base station radios base station accessories repeaters systems design radio callboxes wireless pa systems resources instant quote engraving - protect your radio download the two-way radio guide when to choose uhf vs vhf will my new radios talk with my existing radios? radios handheld radios entry level mid-tier high-tier intrinsically safe perfect radio packages specialty radios mobile radios business mobiles public safety mobiles marine mobile radios aviation mobile radios mobile radio accessories base station radios economy base stations professional base stations public safety base stations aviation base station radios base station accessories repeaters & systems repeaters systems design call boxes & pa's radio callboxes wireless pa systems resources instant quote engraving - protect your radio download the two-way radio guide when to choose uhf vs vhf will my new radios talk with my existing radios? accessories audio accessories batteries carry accessories chargers public safety safety equipment speaker mics surveillance kits earpieces headsets (lightweight) headsets (high noise reduction) batteries for icom radios batteries for kenwood radios batteries for motorola radios batteries for rca radios batteries for vertex radios holsters chest packs waterproof radio bags carry cases single chargers multi-unit chargers smart chargers car chargers public safety chargers public safety headsets public safety holsters public safety radio batteries public safety speaker mics public safety surveillance kits quick disconnect wireless metal detectors thunderpower megaphones resources sale & clearance items battery guide accessory connector chart large volume accessory quote ip ratings explained accessories audio accessories speaker mics surveillance kits earpieces headsets (lightweight) headsets (high noise reduction) batteries batteries for icom radios batteries for kenwood radios batteries for motorola radios batteries for rca radios batteries for vertex radios carry accessories holsters chest packs waterproof radio bags carry cases chargers single chargers multi-unit chargers smart chargers car chargers public safety public safety chargers public safety headsets public safety holsters public safety radio batteries public safety speaker mics public safety surveillance kits quick disconnect wireless safety equipment metal detectors thunderpower megaphones resources sale & clearance items battery guide accessory connector chart large volume accessory quote ip ratings explained brands rca radios & accessories icom radios & accessories accessories for motorola radios accessories for kenwood radios accessories for vertex radios resources industry solutions complete radio model list are different brands compatible? brands rca radios & accessories icom radios & accessories accessories for motorola radios accessories for kenwood radios accessories for vertex radios resources industry solutions complete radio model list are different brands compatible? industries construction education facility management hotels and resorts manufacturing mining, extraction, refining public safety religious organizations retail & restaurants warehousing & logistics view all resources get a quote sale & clearance items engraving - protect your radio industry case studies industries construction education facility management hotels and resorts manufacturing mining, extraction, refining public safety religious organizations retail & restaurants warehousing & logistics resources get a quote sale & clearance items engraving - protect your radio industry case studies repair rca two-way radio repair motorola two-way radio repair kenwood two-way radio repair icom two-way radio repair vertex two-way radio repair hytera two-way radio repair pro series two-way radio repair resources check your warranty status radio troubleshooting guide best way to protect your radio download the repair form repair rca two-way radio repair motorola two-way radio repair kenwood two-way radio repair icom two-way radio repair vertex two-way radio repair hytera two-way radio repair pro series two-way radio repair resources check your warranty status radio troubleshooting guide best way to protect your radio download the repair form radio knowledge latest case studies product news industry guides industry news two-way radio tips radio knowledge latest case studies product news industry guides industry news two-way radio tips instant quote radio recommendation sale search: search the two-way radio blog my account my cart checkout log in home the two-way radio blog swipe to the left the two-way radio blog rss feed 3 of the most common 2-way radio problems and their solutions by ben burns | november 23, 2021 troubleshooting your 2-way radios can be time-consuming and frustrating if you don’t know what you’re looking for. the good news is that there are many instances when problems can be resolved in-house instead of sending affected units out for repair or replacement. posted in: two-way radio tips read more can analog and digital radios work together? by ben burns | november 12, 2021 question: my commercial two-way radio rep said that i have to throw out all of my old analog radios because they won’t talk with today’s options. is that true?answer: yes and no, and i say that for a couple of reasons. posted in: two-way radio tips read more why commercial industries need an fcc license for 2-way radios by ben burns | november 5, 2021 it’s unavoidable: all commercial industries need an fcc license for their two-way radios. even if you find the process difficult, think of it like hunting or fishing — it’s simply following the law. and the good news? we’re authorized to handle those licenses and their renewals on your behalf! posted in: two-way radio tips read more it’s not an urban legend: rca radios can talk to motorola — and any other brand by ben burns | october 5, 2021 you may have been under the impression that your current 2-way radios only work with models from the same brand. in reality, as long as those units can pick up the same frequencies, they should be able to talk with each other. so why do people think the opposite is true? and is there any benefit to going brand agnostic? here’s the real skinny on two-way radios, and what’s best for your business. posted in: two-way radio tips read more the desktop base station: ideal for admin and those who need to communicate from a desk by ben burns | september 22, 2021 radio base stations are essential components to a strong communications network. they probably aren’t like the units that come to mind when you conjure up images of two-way radios — those carried around on the belt loops of law enforcement, the military, or construction workers in the field, for instance. instead, base stations are larger, heavier, and designed to be mounted in fixed locations on tables and walls. if you might think that lack of portability detracts from its use, we’re happy to report that they more than make up for it in other key areas. here are some of the benefits of adding these to your network. posted in: product news read more despite semiconductor shortage, we still have 2-way radios by ben burns | september 9, 2021 if you’re wondering why your current two-way radio vendor is taking longer than usual to fulfill your latest order, or they’re telling you they’re out of the units you want, it’s probably due to the semiconductor shortage. this started with the automotive sector as the us emerged from lockdown last year, and has since cascaded into other industries like retail and communications. here’s the scoop on why this all started, and what you can do to get the radios you need. posted in: industry news read more stuck between your 2-way radio dealer and a hard place? by ben burns | august 27, 2021 some 2-way radio dealers have been trained to dictate to their customers when it comes to their purchases, just as our major competitors have dictated the market for a long time. so it isn’t surprising if you or your coworkers ever find themselves feeling like this…customer diary #2 – my dealer won’t call me backi’m getting fed up with my local dealer. they rarely call me back — and when they do, it’s to charge me super high prices, talk over my head, and make it seem like i don’t have any other options than what they’re promoting. my company’s done business with them since forever, so it feels like even thinking about going someplace else will catch flak from management. still…there’s gotta be better choices out there, right?thankfully, there are far easier and simpler ways to go about getting your radios repaired and replaced. here are four points to keep in mind: posted in: case studies read more some folks think “radios are ancient, phones are better.” here’s why they’re dead wrong. by ben burns | august 10, 2021 i’ve heard that we need more radios, but what a joke! that stuff is so ancient compared to mobile phones or nextels, which make more sense to buy just on price alone.and the lower the costs, the smarter i look. win-win.phone airtime might be the only issue. it’s a few thousand bucks a month, but i could probably sweep that under the rug by paying for it out of the ops budget, which no one sees anyway.i suppose it’s possible that some guys on the team will probably end up using their phones more for personal business than the actual job, but who cares? if no one sees it, it shouldn’t be a big deal.sound familiar? these employees care more about initial costs than they do about long-term benefits. sure, mobile phones and nextel devices might seem like a good idea initially. but here are two key areas where they won’t serve you as well as two way radios. posted in: case studies read more using radiosync™ & free demo program to make wastewater treatment plant safer by ben burns | may 12, 2021 recently one of the nation's largest water and wastewater treatment utility firms came to discount two-way radio (dtwr) to help improve their safety and communications. read how dtwr introduced the rca intrinsically safe rdr4360 to help them improve the overall efficiency for their wastewater treatment operations, and how rca's radiosync™ helped integrate rca equipment into their existing radio models. industry: water treatment customer: pennsylvania american water product: rca rdr4360 intrinsically safe 2-way radio problem: the company needed an affordable but powerful intrinsically safe two-way radios to communicate between crew members who need to inspect, repair or clean sewage storage tanks. solution: exclusive discount two-way radio free demo-program that allowed the company to “test drive” heavy-duty intrinsically safe two-way radios to determine if they would be powerful enough to penetrate super thick concrete containers. posted in: case studies read more discount two-way radio’s service department runs like an indy 500 pit crew by ben burns | may 4, 2021 discount two-way radio believes that customer service is still the most important element to creating a long-lasting relationship. this is why the two-way radio dealer has established one of the industry's most complete customer service department in the country. this department handles every kind of customer request known to the world of two-way radios. the department is the front line and first point-of-contact for our customers who need assistance diagnosing radio problems, ordering new radio equipment, or expediting repairs. posted in: two-way radio tips read more older entries categories case studies product news industry guides industry news two-way radio tips search the two-way radio blog rss feed by ben burns | november 23, 2021 3 of the most common 2-way radio problems and their solutions posted in: two-way radio tips troubleshooting your 2-way radios can be time-consuming and frustrating if you don’t know what you’re looking for. the good news is that there are many instances when problems can be resolved in-house instead of sending affected units out for repair or replacement. continue reading by ben burns | november 12, 2021 can analog and digital radios work together? posted in: two-way radio tips question: my commercial two-way radio rep said that i have to throw out all of my old analog radios because they won’t talk with today’s options. is that true?answer: yes and no, and i say that for a couple of reasons. continue reading by ben burns | november 5, 2021 why commercial industries need an fcc license for 2-way radios posted in: two-way radio tips it’s unavoidable: all commercial industries need an fcc license for their two-way radios. even if you find the process difficult, think of it like hunting or fishing — it’s simply following the law. and the good news? we’re authorized to handle those licenses and their renewals on your behalf! continue reading by ben burns | october 5, 2021 it’s not an urban legend: rca radios can talk to motorola — and any other brand posted in: two-way radio tips you may have been under the impression that your current 2-way radios only work with models from the same brand. in reality, as long as those units can pick up the same frequencies, they should be able to talk with each other. so why do people think the opposite is true? and is there any benefit to going brand agnostic? here’s the real skinny on two-way radios, and what’s best for your business. continue reading by ben burns | september 22, 2021 the desktop base station: ideal for admin and those who need to communicate from a desk posted in: product news radio base stations are essential components to a strong communications network. they probably aren’t like the units that come to mind when you conjure up images of two-way radios — those carried around on the belt loops of law enforcement, the military, or construction workers in the field, for instance. instead, base stations are larger, heavier, and designed to be mounted in fixed locations on tables and walls. if you might think that lack of portability detracts from its use, we’re happy to report that they more than make up for it in other key areas. here are some of the benefits of adding these to your network. continue reading by ben burns | september 9, 2021 despite semiconductor shortage, we still have 2-way radios posted in: industry news if you’re wondering why your current two-way radio vendor is taking longer than usual to fulfill your latest order, or they’re telling you they’re out of the units you want, it’s probably due to the semiconductor shortage. this started with the automotive sector as the us emerged from lockdown last year, and has since cascaded into other industries like retail and communications. here’s the scoop on why this all started, and what you can do to get the radios you need. continue reading by ben burns | august 27, 2021 stuck between your 2-way radio dealer and a hard place? posted in: case studies some 2-way radio dealers have been trained to dictate to their customers when it comes to their purchases, just as our major competitors have dictated the market for a long time. so it isn’t surprising if you or your coworkers ever find themselves feeling like this…customer diary #2 – my dealer won’t call me backi’m getting fed up with my local dealer. they rarely call me back — and when they do, it’s to charge me super high prices, talk over my head, and make it seem like i don’t have any other options than what they’re promoting. my company’s done business with them since forever, so it feels like even thinking about going someplace else will catch flak from management. still…there’s gotta be better choices out there, right?thankfully, there are far easier and simpler ways to go about getting your radios repaired and replaced. here are four points to keep in mind: continue reading by ben burns | august 10, 2021 some folks think “radios are ancient, phones are better.” here’s why they’re dead wrong. posted in: case studies i’ve heard that we need more radios, but what a joke! that stuff is so ancient compared to mobile phones or nextels, which make more sense to buy just on price alone.and the lower the costs, the smarter i look. win-win.phone airtime might be the only issue. it’s a few thousand bucks a month, but i could probably sweep that under the rug by paying for it out of the ops budget, which no one sees anyway.i suppose it’s possible that some guys on the team will probably end up using their phones more for personal business than the actual job, but who cares? if no one sees it, it shouldn’t be a big deal.sound familiar? these employees care more about initial costs than they do about long-term benefits. sure, mobile phones and nextel devices might seem like a good idea initially. but here are two key areas where they won’t serve you as well as two way radios. continue reading by ben burns | may 12, 2021 using radiosync™ & free demo program to make wastewater treatment plant safer posted in: case studies recently one of the nation's largest water and wastewater treatment utility firms came to discount two-way radio (dtwr) to help improve their safety and communications. read how dtwr introduced the rca intrinsically safe rdr4360 to help them improve the overall efficiency for their wastewater treatment operations, and how rca's radiosync™ helped integrate rca equipment into their existing radio models. industry: water treatment customer: pennsylvania american water product: rca rdr4360 intrinsically safe 2-way radio problem: the company needed an affordable but powerful intrinsically safe two-way radios to communicate between crew members who need to inspect, repair or clean sewage storage tanks. solution: exclusive discount two-way radio free demo-program that allowed the company to “test drive” heavy-duty intrinsically safe two-way radios to determine if they would be powerful enough to penetrate super thick concrete containers. continue reading by ben burns | may 4, 2021 discount two-way radio’s service department runs like an indy 500 pit crew posted in: two-way radio tips discount two-way radio believes that customer service is still the most important element to creating a long-lasting relationship. this is why the two-way radio dealer has established one of the industry's most complete customer service department in the country. this department handles every kind of customer request known to the world of two-way radios. the department is the front line and first point-of-contact for our customers who need assistance diagnosing radio problems, ordering new radio equipment, or expediting repairs. continue reading older entries company contact us about us policies testimonials our guarantees to you faqs order & account questions radio questions accessory questions compatibility warranty & repair guides programs videos international español (424) 201-3490 deutsch (424) 201-3489 中国 (424) 201-3488 български (424) 201-3492 why buy from us competitive prices largest selection same day shipping expert advice authorized dealer our guarantees to you contact information world headquarters555 w victoria st.rancho dominguez, ca 90220 phone: 800-895-5122 email: [email protected] © 2021 discount two way radio corporationdiscount two way radio coproration is not an authorized partner or otherwise affiliated in any way with motorola solutions, inc. or any of its programs.