来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20150908104048/http://www.worldjewels.com/customer-comments/
================================================================================

customer reviews and feedback - worldjewels order now: 888.967.5353 free shipping on all orders free gift box with every order shopping bag (0) sign in my account engagement rings engagement rings solitaire rings side-stone halo design three stone rings wedding sets top 10 engagement rings testimonials wedding diamond bands gold bands eternity bands anniversary bands gemstone bands his & hers semi mounts earrings stud earrings diamond earrings for men men's diamond rings wedding bands diamond wedding bands pendants bracelets gemstones help testimonials faq customer service contact us about us call us toll-free: 888.967.5353 customer feedback we would like to share with you the great customer reviews and feedback we constantly receive from our customers.please email us your feedback and picture of your ring so we can share it with our customers to allen@worldjewels.com "i love the set. my brother and sister signed for them. all is in order. thanks very much for the time and effort. i will be a repeat customer. thanks again" wayne t. (june-2013) "everything is great! looks gorgeous. thanks" lori b. (june-2013) "i was very pleased with the ring. i could not believe the quality of the ring for the price i paid. you team delivered on everything that was promised. thanks to you and the team for a beautiful ring. " tom y. (june-2013) "it was!!! proposed yesterday and she loved it!!! i have very happy with all aspects of the service. thanks for making it super special!!!" christopher (may-2013) "i just wanted to let you know i was 100% pleased with your services and the delivery of my engagement ring. i will definitely be using your services in the future, and if i have an opportunity to refer your business to any of my friends i will definitely send them your way. once again than you very much for my beautiful ring." diana r. (may-2013) "thanks for asking about my satisfaction with my new ring. i love it!! it is just exactly what i pictured! this is my second ring from your company. you guys are winners!" marsha t. (may-2013) "my wife is delighted with her new ring. thanks very much for your assistance!" peter d. (may-2013) "just received the ring. it is absolutely beautiful. it appears to be of the highest quality. i love it and i am certain my fiancee will love it also." rachelle l. (may-2013) "got my ring on saturday! was so excited that it finally arrived. the quality of the diamonds are fantastic! i am happy with my new wedding set & i do plan to buy from world jewels again. thank you for all of your help!" donna c. (may-2013) "my boyfriend, jerry sekido, bought me a beautiful ring from you folks. the problem was i had given him my wrong ring size. i cannot believe the incredibly wonderful service that your company provided us. not only did you replace the ring with the right size, without additional cost, but the courtesy and patience that each of the three or four employees i spoke with was outstanding. frankly, i have never had such a positive experience in dealing with any company, ever. i truly wish you continued success in your business, and will happily recommend your company to anyone who is looking for jewelry." sandra k. (april-2013) "everything was exactly what my fiancé wanted! she is thrilled and so was my pocketbook. i am so happy, i have shared your website with friends. i look forward to doing business with world jewels in the future. thanks" jeff l. (april-2013) "i received the ring last thursday. yes everything is perfect i love it!!! this was my second order from world jewels and i can honestly say it will not be my last. love your service and love your products!!!!" brigitte s. (april-2013) "i was pleasantly surprised at how beautiful the ring is. i ordered one previously from another place and had to send it back. your ring was fabulous! it shows quality, clarity and shows well next to my wedding ring. thank you so much." auriana w. (april-2013) "everything was great thank you! i'm hoping to get a bands set here within a few weeks and will be looking at your website first!" rose f. (march-2013) "all was great with the order, and the ring was beautiful. i will recommend your company in the future." richard r. (march-2013) "we want to take the time to thank you for purchasing from world jewels. we know you have many options when it comes to jewelry purchases and we are honored that you chose to do business with us. if you have any concerns or questions regarding your order, don't hesitate to email us. thank you and we hope to hear from you in the near future." dave w. (march-2013) "everything was exactly what my fiancé wanted! she is thrilled and so was my pocketbook. i am so happy, i have shared your website with friends. i look forward to doing business with world jewels in the future." jeff l. (march-2013) "i would like to thank your company for the purchase. i am very satisfied with the product." shantrell f. (march-2013) "thank you so much. im very happy with my ring... im so glad about your company...." carlos s. (march-2013)"dear world jewels,i would like to say thank you for all her help and support in this process as well. i told her you should create the ring videos for all of your selections as well. again thank you for the experience so farthank you,"dave s. (march-2013)"i just wanted to say "thank you" world jewels. the ring is amazing and beautiful. you did a fantastic job. my fiancée is extremely happy. i will definitely recommend you to everyone. your customer service was extremely helpful as was the manager who gave me an outstanding price. but over all, excellent ring."tony m. (march-2013)"i was going to write a review for my new ring, but my account doesn't show any orders for some reason. regardless, i had to message you & tell you just how much i adore my set!!!i was a horrible engagement ring shopper. nothing really caught my eye. they all started to look alike. then, i stumbled upon your website... and there it was! my ring!!! my heart started racing! my ring!!! unfortunately, my search had taken me to the end of my engagement journey so i was ordering with scarce time before the ceremony. your quality team waited for the perfect center stone to complete my ring. i greatly appreciated the care, while very anxiously waiting. my order was upgraded to overnite shipping as it had been put back several times. when fed ex hit my town yesterday, i was about to crawl out of my skin waiting for that truck to go to my house!! oh, it was so worth the wait!!!! i can't stop smiling!!! it is the most gorgeous thing...and it's on my finger!!!! thank you so much, world jewels for you wonderful artistry and craftsmanship! thank you for you patient customer service. thank you for my amazing set!melinda f. (march-2013)"hello allen,this message is to let you know about the excellent customer service i received this morning from one of your best employees named david. he really made my day and now i am a loyal customer to your company. thank david for me for a great customer service.regards,"mahawa c. (february-2013)"hello alan,i decided to take the time and send a feedback email regarding my experience. i contacted your business to ask a couple of questions regarding a ring i was interested in. darlene answered the phone and was very professional, patient, helpful and kind. she definitely impacted my decision on purchasing the ring right away. i really appreciate good customer service so i wanted to share my wonderful experience with you.thank you darlene!!!respectfully,"katia h. (january-2013)"i am pleased to inform you that we received the two items we ordered in time as you have promised. thank you for your kind assistance."ceasar n. (december-2012)"thank you the ring is very nice"lyda b. (december-2012)"i proposed today, she was so happy when she seen it i can't express how happy she was and i was. thanks i was nervous at first but everything went as planned thank you."oscar c. (november-2012)"everything was great.......thank you very much."andy b. (october-2012)"to eveyone at world jewels: i just wanted to drop you a short note to tell how absoulutely and completely delighted with my new ring! words will not convey how much i love my ring and the unparalled craftmanship and beauty. absoluteley stnning and well worth the wait…"wendy w. (september-2012) "dear karen, my pleasure to thank you and world jewels team again for your kindness & efficiency, i love it this time because of the beautiful gentle box j really was thinking about it and maybe was late to ask you like the box j wish you all the best, and hope make business with you again!"ihab a. (august-2012) "i have received the ring and it is just stunning! exceeded my expectations completely. thank you!"carson c. (august-2012) "i would love to kudos karen for exceptional service! she was patient, professional and charming. thanks for making this process easy and sweat. thanks."jean k. (july-2012) "received my newly mounted diamond ring today and love it! turned out just as i had envisioned. i wish to thank you and the whole organization for producting such a quality product. look forward to doing business with you in the future. if you ever run special on white gold diamond women's ring let me know. i have a special lady i would like to buy one for. warmest regards, mark."mark b. (july-2012) "dear world jewels team, i would like to take this opportunity and thank you for your great job! hope to do business with you again. best wishes and more success"ihab a. (july-2012) "thank you for the fed ex response, the ring was received today and looks great."tim r. (june-2012) "karen, thank you for your note. i received the oval shaped ring today and, as with my other purchase, i have been pleasantly surprised at the quality and workmanship that each item exhibits. i have yet to be disappointed. thank you" marie h. (june-2012) "so thanks to ms. karen martinez for her genuine technique and for savin' my butt, right outta the gate! lmao!! and thanks to worldjewels.com for the great price on the beautiful wedding bands. we can't wait to see them!! :-d you've made it "real" for me. thankyou-thankyou-thankyou."matthew t. (may-2012) "karen m. world of jewels, the ring arrived today in perfect condition. fits well and looks great. thank you"linda w. (may-2012) "i did receive the ring today, wow it is amazing, thank you."bernard b. (may-2012) "karen, i just received my rings a few minutes ago. they are beautiful and as far as i can tell everything is great! i want to thank you all again for your fast work and wonderful customer service. my fiancé (well husband as of tomorrow) has not been able to try his ring on yet, but i am sure it will be fine. again, both of the rings are just beautiful and i am already looking forward to my next purchase. i have stumbled upon a great company and would recommend you to all of my friends. thank you!"rebecca t. (may-2012) "i gave a good review on the internet! i had to wait 1 week longer than anticipated but i am very pleased with the ring i received world jewels! i can see myself doing business again with you in the future! thanx again!" kevin h. (april-2012) "i just wanted to write and let you know that i received my wedding band today. it is absolutely gorgeous, the website did not do it justice. thank you for all if the timely help and assistance. i will definitely purchase my jewelry from world jewels. what a great experience!!"kristen j. (april-2012) "dear world jewels:i want you guys to know how happy i am with all my purchases, especially the last one just delivered (three-stone diamond ring). i can only describe this ring as above and beyond outstanding in quality and workmanship, and probably one of the most beautiful rings i have ever owned. i love all the jewelry i have purchased from world jewels, and i am also looking forward to my next purchase!thank you team at world jewels."marie h. (april-2012)"the young man i spoke to on the phone from customer service was excellent. i didn''t catch his name but he name but he photographs the rings for the website.please thank him for me. deborah b. (april-2012)"karen,just want to say that we received the ring and we love it! it''s perfect and beautiful.thanks again."valeria m. (march-2012)"thanks so much! we got the ring. it''s wonderful!!!!!! we will recommend you to our friends.thanks,"deborah b. (march-2012)hi karen,i just wanted to let you know that i received my wedding band today and am thrilled with it! i love it and was pleased by how quickly it arrived. i am thrilled with both the product and the service. thanks so much"susan k. (march-2012)dear world jewels,i want to thank you for your incredible customer service. i received the shipment and i am just amazed at how beautiful everything is and how great the customer service is. i have passed world jewels on to several of my friends.thank you"nicole g. (march-2012) david has consistently been pleasant, knowledgeable, willing to go the extra mile while projecting a calm, helpful vibe.?paula k. (february-2012)"thank you. i received the order on time & i''m very pleased with product. thank you for your help"ralph g. (february-2012)"hi, i received my order. i am very pleased with the product!"carline c. (feruary-2012)"i just wanted to take a moment to thank you for another fabulous itemthis is our 3rd purchase with you and the products and service get better every time"mat h. (december-2011)"last night i received my order. it is beautiful!!!!!. absolutely love it. you are now my jeweler forever. thank you."alana t. (december-2011)"dear karen,i apologize for not having responded sooner, as the shipment did arrive as promised on wednesday. the ring is absolutely beautiful and appears even more lustrous in person than viewing on your web site. thank you for being able to ship this ring a few days earlier then originally expected. i think my wife will love this ring when i give it to her on our 20th wedding anniversary next week. again, thank you of your help and patiencesincerely,"paul r. (december-2011)"beautiful and very on time great work let''''''''''''''''s hope she loves it as much as i do thank you very very much you excided my expectations"ted m. (november-2011)"thank you so very much!!you guys have been wonderful!we are excited to finally get the ring on my wife''''''''''''''''s finger!sincerely,"ralph p. (october-2011)"dear karen and elias,thank you so much for your assistance with this order. we got the ring on tuesday (ahead of schedule) and your kindness on the phone calls coupled with the promised follow up really created a wonderful service experience with world jewels. the ring is beautiful and exactly as advertised on the website. thank you so very much for a terrific product and an excellent customer service experience. i will recommend your site to anyone who asks about finding quality jewelry from a company that cares aout its customers.kind regards,"kristie l. (october-2011)"product received. very nice ring and excellant service. thank you."ronnie j. (september-2011)"i just received the ring today. thank you very much for the exchange, it is beautiful!!!"rita l. (august-2011)"the ring has arrived and is lovely. thought you''''''''''''''''d want to know"annette p. (august-2011)"karen,we received the ring a day early thanks to some fedx magic. a great big thanks to fedx. thanks for making an excellent ring. i look forward to a continued business relationshipbest regards,"tom m. (july-2011)"received, customer, really like it, thank you"raymond w. (july-2011)"oh my...thank you from the bottom of my heart for putting rush shipping on our rings. they are perfect in their simplicity and exactly what we wanted. thank you!"sandy d. (july-2011)"picked up today..i love it was nice doing business with you"gennifer c. (june-2011)"thank you,i can already confirm receipt. i think it is spectacular. thank you, karen."byron c. (june-2011)"words can''''''''''''''''t express the satisfaction in my wedding band you made for me. it is just beautiful. your customer service department is so friendly and helpful and when i needed my ring size they explained they would to make a new one due to the design. i returned the ring and had it back in just over a week. just wonderful wonderful service. thank you."brenda w. (june-2011)"thank you all very much!! the ring arrived today and it just perfect and right on time. i look forward to doing more business in the future with your company and you wonderful staff. again thank you."robert j. (may-2011)"regina,just received the ring that i ordered and it was better than i had expected-better than the picture.thank you so much for all your help and for reassuring me that you would take great care to be sure my diamonds would be great quality.i will be back to purchase more rings and now earrings, too. you guys are the best jewelers out there if every piece looks like this.thanks again,"brenda m. (may-2011)"world jewels,so far it has been more than perfect!!! actually, on your end it has been perfect. depending on how this pre-engagement works out...thanks again, and hopefully, i will be doing this again very soon."david g. (may-2011)"package came this morning by fedex. thank you for your prompt service. and the ring is beautiful."gene g. (may-2011)"hi--i just wanted you to know how much i appreciated the service your "david" provided to me!!! i needed my ring for my wedding ceremony and dave made it happen!! please thank him for me!!!!"deborah d. (may-2011)"thank you, he was incredibly helpful."kathy g. (april-2011)"i just wanted say thank you. you guys really came through for us!"karyn v. (april-2011)"i fell in<3 with this ring the 1st time i saw it and i know eventually it will be mine..it was made for my finger:) jon(my sons father/boyfriend) knows this is my dream ring and everyday ill be waiting for it!*till we finally meet.. as with him ill remain in<3!"myranda c. (march-2011)"thank you. as the manager of a customer service department i tend to be very demanding when it is my turn to be the customer. i expected to face some road blocks with world jewels since i bought the ring 2 years ago. i was pleasantly surprised. everyone i spoke to and communicated with was helpful and pleasant and my ring was repaired quickly. high marks to world jewels on your customer service!"filomena c. (february-2011)"dear ms. karen,i want to thank you for a very beautiful ringm the proposal was wonderful and my fiance said yes! thank you and the professional world jewels staff for making the experience unforgettable and for processing/shipping the ring immediately thank you!"israel p. (february-2011)"i would also like to "thank you" also for you expeditious processing of my order.i have received my order via fedex next day delivery to my requested address.i must say that i am very pleased with my selection........sincerely"gregory g. (january-2011)"hi,thank you so much! we received the ring today. it is beautiful! my mom is going to be so excited. we will order from you guys again!"jordan s. (january-2011)"the ring is perfect! my now fiancee'''''''''''''''' loves it. thanks"mark h. (january-2011)"dear karen,thank you for all your help. the ring arrived about 9:30 am in friday. my wife really was impressed with the ring. she likes it a lot. the band and workmanship on it was great. overall we are so happy with the purchase. thank you again for all your help and a great quality product. that''''''''''''''''s the updtae on the ring"ebner m. (december-2010)"hi, i just received the order i placed for the two wedding bands. i just want to say they are absolutely beautiful and the prices were the best to be found for this style ring. thank"charles s. (december-2010)"hello,i received the diamond earrings yesterday. they are absolutely beautiful. this will certainley be a christmas to remember. i just wanted to let you know that i was exceptionally pleased with the availability and response time of the customer service team. i''''''''''''''''m also very appreciative of the speed at which my order was shipped.thanks again.best regards,"chris n. (december-2010)"we love the ring! thank you so much!!!! you guys are awesome !!!!!!!!! :-)"luz m. (december-2010)"thank you very much... it arrived on time and perfect. our great appreciation to you and to world jewels!merry christmas."pat c. (december-2010)"i just received my ring and it looks spectacular!"bobbie c. (december-2010)"to world jewelsthank you very much!!! and i am satisfied with all the services and products provided by this company!!!regards,"romas h. (november-2010)"hi karen,we received the rings today. they are indeed great for their price. and were shipped fast. we are satisfied customers. thanks!!"pierre l. (november-2010)"this is to thank you for the great job you did in handling my business. i am really happy to have deal with you you made my wife so happy and i am looking forward for the next timethanks"adam g. (november-2010)"the ring is perfect.....everything we thought. thank you very much."michelle f. (november-2010)"thanks for the wonderful service!"christina z. (november-2010)"i just wanted to let someone know how much i appreciate your customer service staff. they are so helpful and considerate. i ordered my fiance''''''''''''''''s wedding ring a little too close to our wedding ring a little too close to our wedding date... i called world jewels to inquire about the shipping date and was pleasantly surprised to find out that the ring would be here in time. i laughed with relief and explained my situation to the csr who said she would call to have the ring''''''''''''''''s shipping expedited. during such a crazy and hectic time your customer service representative took the intiative to take some of the pressure off of the situation and put my mind at ease. i wish i would have remembered her name, but in the craziness of being so close to the wedding date these things slip my mind! i hope this gets to her! thanks so much!!sincerely,"alexa r. (october-2010)"karen,wow, thank you. the ring is beautiful! i will be proposing in hawaii next month!"robert f. (october-2010)"thank you so much for your quick response, you customer service was great. i love how you have personalized my order with the company, thank you kindly."toran s. (october-2010)"the package arrived today. i havent opened it yet. its been a pleasure to do business with you."paul s. (october-2010)"good morning!the ring arrived today and it is magnificent! the quality, craftsmanship and style is unique world over. thank you for investing the time to create a quality product that will bring joy for years to come. this will be a family heirloom that is a legacy.thank you."jesse e. (september-2010)"i received the bracelet this morning and it looks beautiful! hopefully my lady friend will like it as well as the stud earrings and the diamond cross pendant that i purchased from you that she absolutely loves.thank you and i am sure i will be making another purchase from you in the future..."jay c. (september-2010)"dear karen-just wanted to let you know that i am very pleased with the diamond ring i purchased. i chaecked with a local jewelry store and they confirmed that it is a high quality stone. i will keep it and hope kathy says "yes"thanks"don j. (september-2010)"karen m.,i received the ring yesterday & i am so impressed with the quality. unbelievable!! thank you so much for a putting a "rush" delivery on it.could you please provide me your business address & contact person i may address a thank you card to again, thank you very much.sincerely,"james s. (august-2010)"the package was received...and delivered as well. looks great!"richard p. (august-2010)"regina:just received my men wedding ring and its plain great looking i''''''''''''''''ve never been disappointed on any of the rings i''''''''''''''''ve purchase from you''''''''''''''''all again thank a lots its been a pleasure doing business with your co. again thank you"leonard w. (august-2010)"thank you! we have received it, and my wife loves it. thank you very much!"joe m. (august-2010)"i appreciate you all for getting the ring to me in a timely fashion. i was very satisfied with my purchase and i am sure my fiance will be satisfied as well. thank you very much and i will be buying from you again."t. leatherwood (august-2010)"dear karen,i want to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude for the most spectacular man''''''''''''''''s wedding ring i ever saw being created at world jewels. i know it does not have diamonds, but i value the craftsmanship even more--it totally awesomely rocks the planet. he will be speechless when i slip it on his finger in less than 9 days.i love my set we got previously, but i am little jealous about his-- this is a good thing, you know. the engraving is perfect..i just can''''''''''''''''t thank you enough and everyone else involved!!!!!most sincerely."deborah m. (august-2010)"hi,loved the ring set. great value. so glad i found you.thanks,"larry b. (august-2010)"the seller was very good with dealing with changes to my order. i really enjoyed purchasing from this seller."kenneth c. (august-2010)"i received my wedding band thursday 7/1/2010 that was given too me by my wife for our 27th wedding anniversary. you went through extra measures shipping it overnite so that i would receive the ring by our anniversary, i thank you very much for the extra effort. the wedding band was more than i excepted and is of exceptional quality and i will cherish it for years too come. thanks again!thanks"michael m. (august-2010)"thank you karen for your services....i just received the ring and it is a very nice looking ring ! i hope she likes it!!!!!!!"tracy j. (july-2010)"i absolutely love my ring! i had to send back my ring to get re-sized and the customer service was great. i will order from worldjewels again and i have told all my friends about this site. everyone loves my ring! thanks world jewels!"minetta z. (july-2010)"i received my wedding band thursday 7/1/2010 that was given too me by my wife for our 27th wedding anniversary. you went through extra measures shipping it overnite so that i would receive the ring by our anniversary, i thank you very much for the extra effort. the wedding band was more than i exepted and is of exceptional quality and i will cherish it for years too come. thanks again!thanks"michael m. (july-2010)"excellent ring by the way guys"jose d. (june-2010)"shopping on line is a scary thing for me.looking at pictures can be deceiving. the ring when it came was far more beautiful than the picture"david s. (june-2010)"very good. the only thing - it took twice long as promised. but as i started to worry about delivering, i wrote a letter and i got respond. every my letter was responded. thank you for that confidence."zinaida m. (june-2010)"world jewels? they are great! they reply to your email. they made great adjustments. i''''''''''''''''m a first time buyer. i was anxious at first if the items get to me on time. well, i got them and i was satisfied. i definitely recommend this seller."reynaldo r. (june-2010)"thank you very much, the experience was great! i will be referring other here as wellthanks"amanda l. (may-26-2010)"hii absolutely love it, its everything i hoped it would be and more. i will definitely be using your company more often when i''''''''''''''''m back on my feet."kathy g. (may-20-2010)"hello karen,received the ring today and am very impressed with the beauty and quality. it is for my girlfriend''''''''''''''''s 50th birthday and i am sure she will love it. also impressed with the triple packaging to ensure arrival without damage. thank you for a hassle free transaction!!!"charles a. (may-14-2010)"hi i am extremely satisfied with all the rings i have purchased from your website.thank you"angelin d. (may-8-2010)"i received my ring today, and it is beautiful. i had a ring similar to this one for 25 years. i lost it about 2 years ago. my wife told me to buy another one so i looked at local stores and went on line and found you. i am so happy to have my ring. thank you so much"jerry h. (may-4-2010)"thank you very much for the design of the wedding band. we were not sure how you would design a band than would match the engagement ring properly but you did and it is beautiful. you guys rock and we are telling everyone we talk to."larry d. (april-26-2010)"hello.......i received our rings today, i am truly pleased with my order. the rings are lovely, and fit perfectly!!! thank you."robin s. (april-21-2010)"it was fantastic - they hand made my ring and we ended up calling them 3 days into it (please allow 5-7 days to create the product)we ended up calling them and they "at no extra charge" changed the size of my ring no questions asked. they also notify you by e-mail when your purchase has been sent so depending on the type of shipping you can determine when it will arrive."amanda b. (april-16-2010)"they responded to my questions in a friendly professional manner. the ring was exactly as depicted. i was happy with the quality when i received. next time i am looking for jewelry i will shop at world jewels without reservation."franceen t. (april-12-2010)"this was a great shopping experience."chris j. (april-8-2010)"we received the ring as scheduled and find it to be as beautiful as the picture- thank you so much! our future daughter-in-law was thrilled to receive it!"sandr f. (april-5-2010)"hello, just wanted to say the ring is here and it looks perfect! thank you!"cassandra c. (march-26-2010)"dear world jewels,i just got my ring today and it is so beautiful. thank you so much i love it. i will never go anywhere else for any jewelry again.thank you again,"arik and tine w. (march-22-2010)"dear karen,i just wanted to thank you and the jewelry maker for helping vernon and i put together the most special engagement ring. i choose you and your company because i have already purchased two other diamond bands and have seen for myself the quality of work being done. plus i''''''''''''''''ve talked to you countless times and your always so professional and pleasant so thank you for that too.so take care and we will be talking to you again soon. oh yeah and i have told everybody i know about your site and i have shown everybody that would look the diamond bands i bought, so thank you for the those too.sincerely,"monique c. (march-16-2010)"the ring is gorgeous!! love it thank you"kahty p. (march-10-2010)"world jewels,thank you for such an amazing experience, the engagement ring is magnificent!!!! my fiance is a doctor and all of her colleagues are floored with how unique and how pop the ring has. thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!!! i will be back.....cheers!!"casey m. (march-5-2010)"i am sorry i didn''''''''''''''''t write before this but i wanted to write and thank you for your wonderful store!i helped my son find a setting for his wife back in october. i had a center stone but he needed a setting to put it in. he had just started in the navy and didn''''''''''''''''t have a lot of money, but wanted something nice for his wife.i found something i thought he would like on your site and he loved it. i was very happy and surprised at the weight and quality of what i recieved. the ring is beautiful!!i tell everyone i know about your site and will definatly come to you if i need similar service again. my daughter in law has a beautiful ring and i believe it will stand the test of time, it is nice and heavy and appears to be well made!thank you again from me and my son!sincerely,"wendy m. (march-1-2010)"thousand garcias for excellent service, speed of delivery of our rings, and which we receive this in your web page, we are very pleased with our purchase, our rings are beautiful, thank you again."alejandra c. (february-26-2010)"karen,i received the ring today! it is absolutely beautiful. i plan on giving it to my wife at our 10th anniversary dinner, and i am sure she will love it. thank you again!"bill c. (february-17-2010)"hi,just want to tell you that i got the 14k gold gent''''''''''''''''s wedding band for my fiance. you have the lowest price, the item got here quickly, you handled my mistake in size quickly and corrected the mistake in time. iam truly happy with this experience and just wanted to thank you."yi h. (february-16-2010)"hello, i am writing to let you know that i love my ring! the quality and service exceeded my exprectations and will recommend your store to my friends. thank again for great jewelry!"carol s. (february-15-2010)"world jewels,i just received the engagement ring that i purchased from your company for my girlfriend for this valentine''''''''''''''''s day. the ring is absolutely beautiful and exactly what i wanted. your company was fantastic to communicate with and to work with through the entire process. i thank you from the bottom of my heart for your amazing service and beautiful jewelry. i just hope my proposal goes as well as my purchase has. thanks again for everything. i will be be a repeat customer."caleb s. (february-12-2010)"thank you very good ring !!!!5 months from now will like to buy other ring for my mom thanks again"isabelle p. (february-10-2010)"regina, i just wanted to thank you and world jewels for your excellent service! my wife and i have been extremely happy with the rings we got from wj and have told many, many people about your website."thank you soooo much! your company is truly top notch!personal regards,"paul & debbie l. (february-8-2010)"dear ms. karen,the heart necklace arrived today. i love it!! i think your company sells good quality jewelry for a little less."chungmi o. (february-4-2010)"hey!i just wanted to say thank you so much for the fantastic work you did on the ring and the amazing band you made to go with it! wow! i cannot wait to propose! and it was appraised at so much more than you charged! amazing!thank you!i will recommend you to anyone i know who is looking to buy jewelry!"donald f. (january-25-2010)"dear karen,thank you for the email and i did receive my ring today. i am very impressed and happy with it!!! thank you once again for the speedy service! i will visit the website again should i need to buy more jewelry in the future.best regards,"chris l. (january-22-2010)"thank you for your beautiful work! you did wonderful work. i love my new ring. thank you so much!"julia h. (january-22-2010)"i am very happy with my purchase..."greg g. (january-21-2010)"to the jewellers, customer service agents and the staff of world jewels i would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart. my ring arrived today and it''''''''''''''''s absolutely gorgeous! i''''''''''''''''m still in shock at the quality and fire of the stones. this was our first purchase through world jewels and i was extremely nervous and i made many calls to your customer service agents. i have only the highest praise for their courtesy and patience with me. again, thank you for the beautiful ring!karen & john o. (january-18-2010)"the ring is beautiful.thank you for the excellent customer service.sincerely,"wilhelmina s. (january-15-2010)"dear sir/madam,thank you very much.sincerely,"mariya b. (january-15-2010)"i received the ring over a week ago and i have to tell you it is gorgeous! thank you," crystal j. (january-13-2010)"items arrived today. thank you sooo much." kate c. (january-11-2010) "thank you for your efficiency in getting our beautiful wedding bands to us. we love them." matt s. (january-6-2010) "love it, love it, beautiful ring at a great price! thanks," melanie g. (january-4-2010) "i received the beautiful ring, thank you." russell b. (december-30-2009)"the ring is beautiful & we will definitely be coming back, thank you world jewels." alex z. (december-26-2009)"hi:i just wanted to let you know that i''''''''''''''''ve been purchasing from world jewels since february 2005. your company has gotten over $6,000.00 of my money!! :-) my most recent order, was my largest jewelry purchase ever.thanks, world jewels, i''''''''''''''''ll continue to recommend your products."gareth b. (december-24-2009)"i wanted to let you know how special you helped my wedding to be thanks for your efficiency"jose and donna s. (december-18-2009)"karen, the ring arrived and it is beautiful, thank you so very much, merry christmasregards:"cory h. (december-14-2009)"thank you karen m. i received the engagement ring this week and my fiance and i are very pleased with it. customer service was also very helpful. we are currently looking for wedding bands from your website.thanks,"gilbert c. (december-8-2009)"i usually don''''''''''''''''t take the time to leave feedback but i felt i just had to. i just wanted to say i love my engagement ring!!! my fiance did such a good job picking out exactly what i had hoped for. it is just beautiful and i literally recive comments daily about it. thank you so much!!!!!!!!"amy w. (december-4-2009)"i received my order and i love the diamond ringthank you"lisa m. (november-27-2009)"thank you so much. i received the earrings and they''''''''''''''''re beautiful!"linda t. (november-23-2009)"my fiance gave my ring in white gold as my engagement ring. i must say it is very beautiful. the fire the diamonds give off is amazing. everywhere i go, people admire the beauty and the shear size of the ring.sincerely,"heather m. (november-20-2009)"hello,my fiancee and myself loves this ring. it is awesome!"jose b. (november-18-2009)"dear friends at wj, i am blown away. i knew it was going to be spectacular when i saw the box. i love both the band and the diamond ring. the quality of the stone exceeds my expectations. i have shown it to the nurses in our clinic. they now have you on their favorites list on their pcs. thanks again.best regards,"daniel e. (november-13-2009)"hello i just recently purchased a wedding band. im very happy with it."lupita p. (november-10-2009)"got it today and it looks great. thank you."brett w. (november-6-2009)"good morning,i received the ring yesterday! absoulutly amazing! i will be making all of my future jewelry purchases with your company!thank you for the exceptional service!best regards"john n. (november-6-2009)"amazing ring, btw. we are both very happy!thank you again. cheers."tony z. (november-2-2009)"karen, i just received my ring on friday, and i totally love it!"jaimie p. (november-2-2009)"i was in another jewelry store to get another item fixed, and had them look at the ring. they said that this ring was well-made.thanks so much!!"antoinette e. (october-30-2009)"i received the rings and they are amazing. thank you,"walker t. (october-26-2009)"my fiance recently gave me the most beautiful engagement ring on the planet- it was ordered from you. it is breathtaking. thank you for creating this ring."greg s. (october-22-2009)"the solitaire is beautiful."javier c. (october-20-2009)"karen-i just received the ring and it looks fantastic!thanks,"mike t. (october-15-2009)"my fiance'''''''''''''''' and i received our matching tri-color wedding bands today, on time, and we are so happy. there is so much gold in the rings and a very nice weight (very heavy). the design is exquisite and very detailed. we will recommend all of our friends and family to your company. this the most expensive on-line purchase we ever made and are 100 percent satisfied.thank you world jewels."keith d. (october-14-2009)"karen,the ring has been received and she loves it. thanks."bill w. (october-12-2009)"hello world jewels!!i want to express my sincerely gratitude and satisfaction with the purchase i have made with you. this experience has certainly been extremely satisfying. the compliment we have received have been overwhelming and have plugged your site and store every time.kind regards,"saul m. (october-12-2009)"thank you! thank you! our wedding band arrived today. they are beautiful and i look forward to being officially allowed to wear mine day after tomorrow!you service has been wonderful and i''''''''''''''''m more than pleased with both my engagement solitaire and the wedding bands.sincerely,"pat t. (october-8-2009)"karen,thanks for taking the time to work with me and my bank. i would recommend you to anyone.again, thanks..."gust b. (october-7-2009)"hello!we received the ring that was sent by you and we absolutely love it."tony z. (october-5-2009)"thank you world jewels!!! received my ring today, it is just what i was hoping for. it is beautiful!! very pleased. thank you for your great service.sincerely,"sue e. (september-30-2009)"my ring arrived and it is absolutely beautiful!thank you!"kelly t. (september-30-2009)"world jewelsthank you for the top notch service. i received my resized engagement ring sooner than expected. i will defenitely buy my wedding band from world jewels.sincerely,"emilio c. (september-25-2009)"good afternoon,i did get the ring and it looks beautiful."laurent z. (september-23-2009)"hello,i am very happy with the quality of the rings i have receivedthank you,"vincent a. (september-21-2009)"good morning,i received the wedding band yesterday that i ordered for my fiance- the ring is beautiful and must say the picture on your web site dosen''''''''''''''''t do the real thing justice."kathy h. (september-16-2009)"thank you, you guys have been sooo helpful to the max!"joshua h. (september-15-2009)"i received my ring on friday and is is lovely!!! thank you"lori s. (september-14-2009)"the package arrived saturday, september 5. she loves the ring"bill g. (september-7-2009)"thanks for your bussinesi like this ring very much"irina t. (september-1-2009)"thank you so much! we called earlier and found out the information so thank you for following up as well. we talked to a wonderful customer service agent who was very helpful and sweet. we look forward to receiving the engagement ring!sincerely,"john and lily h. (september-1-2009)"want to let you know we received the ring in time for our anniversary... ny wife loves it!sincerely,"geoffrey s. (august-28-2009)"karen, i received the ring today! thank you so much as my flight to key west is at 6:00 am tomorrow. it was a pleasure doing business with you. i really appreciate the hurry up on the ring, you guys are great!thanks very much"matthew d. (august-27-2009)"thank you. her ring looks beautiful!!! she is going to love it!!!!!"jesse m. (august-27-2009)"the ring arrived today and my wife loves it."tom r. (august-26-2009)"got it in the nick of time. ring looks gorgeous. thank you! i really appreciate the super-fast turn around time. looking forward doing business with you again soon!"anthony a. (august-20-2009"hi, regina & karen m. we received our wedding rings today. thank you so much. we love our selection, at we made a good choice and got a great price as well. the service that was extended us was excellent from start to finish, we wish your company continued sucess, and our best wishes to all."t. reyes (august-18-2009)"there may be lots of options, but you guys no doubt hands down have the best prices, quality guaranteed and 30 day return. i tell everyone about you and my co worker already bought her husband''''''''''''''''s wedding band from you.thank you!!"dianna g. (august-18-2009)"just got the ring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it''''''''''''''''s freaking beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love it, and i love you for getting it for me :)what i really want to say is thank you for everything you guys have done for me and it is perfect so from the bottom our hearts, thanks."anthony c. (august-14-2009)"hello world jewels,the ring my fiance purchased from you guys is perfect! i absoloutely love it! the engagement ring and the wedding band are both very beautiful and exactly what i was hoping he would get me ;) i would like to thank you guys for everything.. i couldn''''''''''''''''t ask for anything more! my fiance was really nervous about ordering jewelry on the internet, but everything went very well, and we are very very happy with your service. i will be glad to recommend you guys to all my friends and family in the future.thank you so much,"corinna r. (august-13-2009)"hello,i just wanted to take this opportunity to tell you that the diamond ring i purchased for my wife on our 20th anniversary is absolutely fantastic!!! i will definitely recommend world jewels to everyone i meet seeking to purchase jewelry.best regards,"levi c. (august-13-2009)"absolutely stunning! i am the envy of all my girlfriends!!! thank you so much!!!"carrie t. (august-3-2009)"just wanted to say thanks for the beautiful ring, great price, and exceptional customer service. i will definitely reccommend wj to anyone who is shopping.thanks again,"adam r. (july-28-2009)"hi,i received the ring in fine time. the ring was very nice in the photo and i would have been very happy with it. when i received the ring, my wife was thrilled and i just ecstatic, the photo in no way did the finshed product justice, wow ! just gorgeous.thank you"john h. (july-27-2009)"received the engagement ring yesterday. very nice and the litlle women just loves it (thank god). she won''''''''''''''''t stop looking at it. it is everything we had hoped for. world jewels has been a pleasure to work with and i would recommend them to anyone. thanks guys and gals."joel a. (july-24-2009)"we were so pleased with the ring. have a good one--------"joretta j. (july-22-2009)"we''''''''''''''''re very pleased. now if we could just hurry up and get married so i can wear it! thanks for the wonderful customer service.best,"ashley o. (july-20-2009)"hi regina:i just wanted to let you know i got the ring this morning. thanks for your help while this order was being filled. the ring is beautiful, and i anticipate it will be enjoyed for years to come.thanks,"scott o. (july-16-2009)"thank you for getting back to me and i received my order today. i also have to say that the quality is excellent. thank you so much for your products and customer service. i tell everybody i know about your company and to shop with you guys instead of all these other low class high priced places. soon my fiance will be shopping for an engagement solitaire ring through your company so i''''''''''''''''m pretty excited.thank you again.sincerely,"monique c. (july-9-2009)"thank you regina,the ring is absolutely gorgeous and it has made my new fiance very happy. she was so in awe when i gave it to her saturday, that the words for it were just not there. it left her completely speechless. she loves the ring very much. i was completely pleased witht the ring. i thank you so much for taking care of me and i would and will highly recommend world jewels to anyone.have a wonderful day."mr. robert c. (july-6-2009)"i received my ring yesterday. it is beautiful and danty. very pleased with purchase. thank you so much."alicia w. (july-1-2009)"dear world jewels,i have to admit i was a bit skeptical when i first placed my order for my anniversary gift from my husband. i received my ring today and i have to say that i''''''''''''''''m now a believer. my ring is absolutely gorgeous and exactly what i wanted. it fits perfectly and the stones look so nice together. i will definitely be ordering from you again for everyone, including my one year old daughter. i''''''''''''''''ll teach her at a young age what quality looks like.thanks again,"nicole c. (june-30-2009)"i recieved the ring and its beautiful, my fiance and i love it. thank you for a very beautiful and elegant ring for my fiancee.sincerely,"damone j. (june-24-2009)"wanted to let you know we received the ring and it''''''''''''''''s perfect. it looks just like the it does online and the price is great. thankyou for sending in time for the wedding."linda r. (june-19-2009)"helloi just received my earrings... it''''''''''''''''s absolutely beautiful. i love them!!!! i will be sure to purchase from you again, the style of your work leaves me amazed.thank you so much!"radmila c. (june-11-2009)"you are amazing, i had an engagement ring picked out, ordered it, forgot you had to custom make and was scaried that it would not have made the time frame before we went out of town to meet the parents. nothing could have been easier to have dealt with you guys. the ring came on time, she loved it they all loved it. thanks for saving me. i wish your business well"c. shipindc (june-8-2009)"my order was recived today. i am very please with the quality, and the time it took to receive this order.i expect to be ordering again in the future.thank you"david m. (june-3-2009)"regina,i''''''''''''''''ve received the diamond ring i purchased, it is absolutely amazing, it shines and sparkles! i love it very much! thank you for the incredible service you offer to your clients it is professional, fast and efficiant! this ring is my second purchase and it won''''''''''''''''t be the last!"marinella p. (may-29-2009)"thank you- i received my ring today. i really appreciate your quick response to getting them to me by today."shelly c. (may-27-2009)"dear regina,regarding the order herein referenced, i wish to express my profound thanks and satisfaction with worldjewels for taking care of my order in such timely manner. you have no idea how much i appreciate it, and even i cannot fully express what it meant to receive my order in super good time. but, i am extremely thankful and wish to communicate my appreciation to you and the entier team at worldjewels that made it possible for me to receive my friends ring set in time for the wedding.thank you very much!i will be sure to recommend you to other of my friends who get engaged.sincerely,"will e. (may-25-2009)"just to let you know, the ring arrived on time. it is beautiful! thank you for being a reputable company. we will have you in our list of favorites!"patricia f. (may-16-2009)"we opened the box nervous, like school kids, and when we opened our ring purchase, we were so delighted. they were better then the picture!! thank you so much for helping to make our special day, a very special one, we will definitely recommend your company to others and we will use your company in the future."deborah m. (may-13-2009)"thank you so much for getting onto this so quickly. got the package saturday morning and the ring is absolutely beautiful!! again, thank you!"joy e. (may-8-2009)"thank you so much for this. the ring looks absolutely amazing set horizontally. extremely happy with the quality and customer service.thank you."nick p. (may-6-2009)"hello,i received the heart-shaped .40 diamond ring yesterday and i love itthank you.have a blessed and productive day."antoinette f. (may-4-2009)"we picked up our rings today......everything is wonderful!!!!! thanks world jewels!!!!!!!!!!!aaaaaaaa++++++++++++++"scott & faith w. (april-28-2009)"hii just recently made an order for a wedding band for my fiancei just wanted to write and let you know that you guys did an amazing job on his wedding bandit is soooooooo beautifuli would like to say thank you for the work you put into his ringhe loves it and i can''''''''''''''''t wait to put it on his fingerthanx again"angela s. (april-24-2009)"i received my engagement ring the other day and i love it!! its so gorgeous and i get tons of compliments on it!! your company has great service and quality workmanship. thank you so much!!!sincerely,"jill k. (april-17-2009)"i just received this ring today and it is absolutely gorgeous- very beautiful workmanship!thank you,"holly c. (april-15-2009)"i really want to thank you all for your help with this special order. i''''''''''''''''ll have it with me when i go to england and on my birthday will give it to her in amsterdam.... you all are so wonderful with helping me. i have told all my friends about you all and what great service"richard u. (april-14-2009)"thank you so much!! and by the way, i love your jewelery and i am going to upgrade my engagement ring soon so i will be ordering from you again! thank!"leah l. (april-14-2009)"hello,we just received the ring in the mail & we love it, it is exactly the style that we wanted."amanda d. (april-7-2009)"thank you soo much for the ring!! its beautiful."g. perez (april-7-2009)"just wanted to thank you for the beautiful diamond band i received today! it''''''''''''''''s awesome i love it!thank you!!"bobbi m. (april-6-2009)"just wanted to write a quick note to say how pleased i am with the quality of the ring i purchased. i received it yesterday and the pictures do it no justice. i only hope the intended recipient is as happy as i am with it.thank you,"frank o. (april-2-2009)"to all that it may concern,regarding the order recently made by my fiance. i wish to thank you all for the wonderful and detailed service that you have given in the making of my engagement, and now my wedding ring. the beauty and quality of your work is fantastic.thankfully yours"margaret l. (march-31-2009)"world jewels,i just got proposed to this last friday with a ring that my fiance bought from world jewels and its beautiful!!! the picture on the website does not do it justice! i am telling everybody about your website and just wanted to let you know what wonderful jewelry you offer! thanks, again!"lindsey y. (march-28-2009)"i receive the ring today. thank you! i am very happy with it. nice work."wendy z. (march-18-2009)"to whom it may concernjust wanted to say thanks for getting my ring out (and shipping it overnight) so i would have it for my proposal. the ring was awe sum, and went over well. and she said yes."pat h. (march-10-2009)"my ring came today and i can''''''''''''''''t tell you how beautiful it is. i will be looking on your site more often. thanks so much for the beautiful ring and didn''''''''''''''''t have to wait long for it at all."phyllis h. (march-4-2009)"hello world jewels,i have not had a chance to thank everyone for the beautiful ring. thanks for making her happy. and thanks for the courteous and prompt help.sincerely,"dan f. (march-2-2009)"the ring arrive fast and i was very impressed with the quality, it match my 3 stone perfect. i will be ordering another 1/2 ct 5 stone ring in the future to make my wedding set complete. the ring is beautiful."benita c. (february-27-2009)"just wanted to say thank you world jewels for everything. the shipping was fast and the the ring is absolutly beautiful we both loved it. i so look foward to do business again. thank you, thank you, and thank you again!!!!!!"lashonda c. (february-25-2009)"regina,i just received the ring. the picture on the website does not do it justice. it looks amazing! thank you so much. god bless!"chris a. (february-20-2009)"item recieved perfect. i was thinking i was going to get this monday. got it real quick. thanks."john b. (february-20-2009)"hi, i recieved my engagement ring today. i was really surprised at the fast service. my fiance and i were stunned at the beauty of this ring and the quality is breathe taken. i am sooo glad, we ordered from world jewels and i will never buy jewelry anywhere else again. i will recommend world jewels to everyone. thanks sooo much, i guess i don''''''''''''''''t have to say, i love it !!!"kathy g. (february-19-2009)"just received the ring at noon today. it is beautiful and she will love it. thanks again !!!"randy c. (february-18-2009)"to everyone at world jewels,i wanted to thank you for such an enjoyable shopping experience. i have been looking for engagement rings off and on for the past year and did extensive research on your company. ordering a $6,000 plus item over the internet can be a daunting experience, but your company and wonderful sales and service staff made the experience painless. i was amazed at the quick response, when the ring arrived it was better than the many extra picture you had sent. i cant say enough about the quality of your craftsmanship. i will be returning to woj for my wedding band purchase as well as all my jewelry gifts in the future. a great job well done!!! you have my permission to put my comments on your site.thanks again,"rob taggart (february-12-2009)"your ring is awesome it is on par with all the local jewlers in my area and has a more reasonable price. thanks alot and i will shop here again!"stephen t. (february-12-2009)"i have received the above referenced order and am thrilled with my ring. thank you."debra k. (february-4-2009)"just got the ring today and it is every bit of beautiful as i wished for!!! thank you, thank you, thank you..."pasley y. (january-30-2009)"i''''''''''''''''m writing to let you know how satisfy my husband and i are on the wonderful service, and quality of our wedding bands! thank you so much! sincerely,"alicia h. (january-24-2009)"you rock!!!! thank you so much!!!! we''''''''''''''''re getting down to the panic portion of getting married. you''''''''''''''''ve crossed one thing off my panic list. again thank you so much!!!!!"jay w. (january-23-2009)"thank you for your quick response.....i really appreciate your customer service...very impressive.its nice to feel for once like more then just a number..."ross j. (january-20-2009)"regina on behalf of brandon and i we want to thank you, your boss and the staff at world jewels for your kindness in helping me with my ring. i receives the ring on the 16 of january. when i open the box and see the ring inside i didn''''''''''''''''t know what to do with myself, tears came to my eyes because my original ring was beautiful but this ring is a master peace i love it. i wish i was there to tel you all a big thank you. i appreciate the hard work you all put in to making sure i have a beautiful ring to cherish for the rest of my life, thank you. "dellory h. (january-19-2009)"received and very satisfied."aleda k. (january-10-2009)"timely delivery, quality merchandise. overall, a pleasant experience. i do not usually buy jewelry sight unseen but their merchandise was everything they advertised it to be."margot u. (january-7-2009)"i received my new solitaire ring so quickly, it was amazing. the quality of the ring is even better. the pictures don''''''''''''''''t do it justice for sure! i would definitely buy from world of jewels again. they have beautiful jewelry and the service is so fast and friendly, it''''''''''''''''s nice to know there''''''''''''''''s someone out there who still does that. thanks again world of jewels!"jen d. (january-6-2009)"we got the ring already and this is a confirmation from us. thank you for making this beautiful ring and make this happened."amir g. (january-2-2009)"hi karen,much to my delight my new ring arrived yesterday and it is exactly what i wanted. it''''''''''''''''s perfect for my needs, and i am very satisfied with the quality and the price! i am so happy i selected your website when i went online several weeks ago to find some wedding bands; your company has been very diligent in satisfying the customer and i am extremely satisfied. thank you for your prompt, courteous service. what a pleasure to do business with people who have the customer''''''''''''''''s interests at heart! too often these days, it''''''''''''''''s impossible to communicate with online businesses; yours is one of the best i''''''''''''''''ve dealt with. i''''''''''''''''ll surely use you again if i have any jewelry needs. my own father was a jeweler working for a company in newark, nj and he always did his best to make his customers happy.have a great new year!! sincerely,"maryann g. (december-30-2008)"thanks for the fast delivery and the ring looks great!!!"benjamin s. (december-24-2008)"dear world jewels:thank you for the beautiful rings, i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!"milagros f. (december-19-2008)"i couldn''''''''''''''''t be happier, and i will be back!thank you!"bill s. (december-18-2008)"i received and love my ring.merry christmas.thanks"sissy p. (december-16-2008)"received the ring via fedex this morning. thank you all the for the great service. you guys are number in my book. have merry christmas"stan & anne m. (december-15-2008)"hi karen,the earrings arrived today.i just want to say thank you for all your help. i am sure my girlfriend will be happy with them!thank you again,"ritchie t. (december-13-2008"the ring arrived on thrusday. i was very pleased. it is beautiful. this was the best match we could find and he was very happy. i would highly recommend you."mary l. (december-12-2008)"dear all,it looked great and was perfectly sized. thank you very much for your service and promptitude to address my concern, i really appreciate it.best regards,"lidwine o. (december-9-2008)"dear world jewels,just received your pendant- just in time for my upcoming travel- thank you!"dr. bradley o. (december-5-2008)"i really enjoyed my on-line shopping experience and believe that you have great valuesthank you,"eric s. (november-22-2008)"hi, i just want to say thanks, i just got the ring and i really like it"tiago m. (november-20-2008)"they arrived! thanks for exediting them so promptly. they look lovely."mrs. shirley n. (november-20-2008)"karen,thanks for your reply. i got the ring already and i''''''''''''''''m thankful it looks really nice"maria c. (november-15-2008)"dear worldjewels, i had been to all the jewelry stores looking for rings.....until i came upon website and fell in love with my set ac-2 it is absolutely beautiful and delivery was on time i thank you for a wonderful diamond!!!!!"zelda t. (november-14-2008)"i do love world of jewels...very classy company."debra c. (november-14-2008)"thank you world of jewels for your excellent customer support! my wedding ring is now correct, and perfecti''''''''''''''''m off to show everyone at work, because platinum is absolutely the most amazing setting for diamonds, and with your prices, every girl should have the best!sincerely,"billie z. (novemeber-8-2008)"i just got my pendant and you have gone over the moon with this; i just think it''''''''''''''''s beautiful"carol d. (november-7-2008)"thank you so much for the quick response...i feel relieved just knowing when it will arrive. thank you for beign such an important part of this special moment in my life and my partners life."brittany b. (november-7-2008)"i just receive my earrings and they are gorgeous. absolutely gorgeous."kathy g. (november-5-2008)"i ordered a wedding set from your company that i received on 11/3/08. i am very happy with it.thank you,"elise c. (november-5-2008)"thank you for your consideration i greatly appreciate it. and again i want to say i was very pleased with the product."sammy s. (october-31-2008)"i just wanted to email and thank you for getting our wedding rings to us in time for us to fly to las vegas to get married. thank you so much for helping us and the rings are beautiful! i''''''''''''''''ll always buy my jewelry from world jewels from now on. great customer service and products!"christina b. (october-29-2008)"order received. i''''''''''''''''m so pleased."gayle m. (october-23-2008)"wow! i must say, i was very apprehensive ordering a $1000 ring over the internet. especially site unseen. i could not be happier though. the ring is beautiful. and the best part, is i saved at least 50% over what i would have paid in a local store. thanks and you can expect more of my business in the future. i will definetly be recommending your company to friends and family."paul w. (october-20-2008)"worldjewels!!i received the ring i ordered and its the most beautiful thing i''''''''''''''''ve ever set my two eyes on! far more stunning than i could have ever imagined! thank you very much for making beautiful diamonds available at reasonable prices!take care and thank you again!"jane w. (october-16-2008)"i rcvd it. its beautiful and i love it. thank you so much!!!"jenny w. (october-15-2008)"thank you,we received the order and are very pleased with it. again, thanks."frank d. (october-11-2008)"i just purchased a ring from your many selections #e-301, and want to tell you how truly beautiful it is. thank you for the wonderful service you gave, an you can be sure i will again order from your company."dolores g. (october-8-2008)"you guys are great for what you have done for me. the ring is beautiful and spectacular. i received it on time and it made my day. i can not thank you enough. i will be back to get my wedding band for my big day. thank you."lee m. (october-4-2008)"thank you it was gorgeous!"camille h. (ocober-3-2008)"received my order today. thank you, it''''''''''''''''s is even more than i expected appreciate the fast service and beautiful ring."richard h. (october-3-2008)"just a note to say thank you for an excellent product at an excellent price. my wife and i ordered diamond stud earrings for her mother''''''''''''''''s 60th birthday. shipping was faster than expected, and the earrings are absolutely gorgeous. we will definitely recommend world jewels to friends, and plan to purchase from your site again."bob l. (october-2-2008)"to whom it may concern,i received my ring set yesterday. it''''''''''''''''s beautiful!!! item as described. thank you. it''''''''''''''''s pleasure doing business with you."kate z. (september-25-2008)"i just received it, thank you! :)"lisa a. (september-25-2008)"good morning!the ring has arrived! it is awesome, so well made and the diamonds are perfect!!! i''''''''''''''''m sure she will love it when the question gets popped in nov. will be back for the bands later! thank you!allan j. (september-25-2008)"thank you so much!! i will be sure to recommend you to everyone, and you can defenitely expect repeat business from me!with great thanks,"mark s. (september-24-2008)"just wanted to let you know the ring came today. 9-24 (k-101) it''''''''''''''''s stunning! i hope to shop with you again in the future.thank you,"helena s. (september-24-2008)"i just wanted to thank you for getting my order to me before the time i needed it. it looks very nice and it was within the price range i was looking for. i will shop with you again as her birthstone is diamonds."tim o. (september-16-2008)"i have to definitely admit i''''''''''''''''m truly impressed with your service not to mention your customer service, you''''''''''''''''ve truly proved that your are the ideal jewelers, and i will continue to make my purchase with world jewels from here on out!!"phalon n. (september-10-2008)"i would just like to say that i just received a wedding band i ordered from world jewels and it is beautiful!!!!!! world jewels you did an excellent job and i will definitely be a customer of yours from now on.thank you."jennifer r. (september-5-2008)"received ring yesterday, proposed and fiance loved the ring. thanks so much,"jim b. (september-2-2008)"hello:just wanted to let you know that my wedding band (ww-305) arrived yesterday and i was completely satisfied with the ring. after looking everywhere for the right one i finally found it on-line at world jewels. as soon as i saw it i knew my search had ended. it really is a beautiful and different wedding band, and the price can''''''''''''''''t be beat. i won''''''''''''''''t hesitate a moment in recommending world jewels to anyone who asks where i purchased the ring from.you service and prompness in delivery was also excellent.thanks,"joel t. (august-28-2008)"i just wanted to write to express my joy in the ring i recently purchased from world jewels. it is perfect in every way! it fits perfect, it looks amazing and the price was unbelievable! if anyone is shopping from jewelry, i will definitely recommend world jewels. you have made my upcoming wedding even more amazing. thank you"jeri a. (august-27-2008)"i would like to thank you for your very prompt and efficient service. i most definetly will be purchasing from world jewels for this reason. thank you,"veronica m. (august-22-2008)"hello we just wanted to say thank you so much for everything! thank you for getting the ring here by fridaythe ring is stunning!! oh my god i swear i have never seen a princess cut diamond have as much fire as this diamond does!! i didn''''''''''''''''t think they could even compare to a round brilliant, but this one is amazing!! the ring is so beautiful it really is better than i ever could dream of or want!!!!thank you for being so patient with all of my calls and thank you for accommodating the change in stone. we will be buyhing the wedding bands very soon since our wedding is in june and we definitely will be buying them from you.thank you again i can''''''''''''''''t say enough how much i love the ring!!!"dianna b. (august-16-2008)"hi karen,just to let you know, we have received the ring and it is beautiful. thanks for your time in getting it to us. next time i am shopping for jewelry i will check your website again. most people say to not order jewelry off the internet, but i love these rings and it was the only place i could fine it.thanks"daniel b. (august-15-2008)"hello.i received my item i ordered from you. liked it very much. thank you very much for the wedding band, and for your great service!!!sincerely,"victor d. (august-15-2008)"i would just like to say thanks for all your help. im proposing tomorrow and i dont know what i would have done without your help. the ring looks perfect. thank you for everything!airman michael h. (august-14-2008)"hi,i got my ring last friday, august 8th. i would like to thank you very much. wow...it made my day! it is absolutly beautiful and perfect! fits perfect! i love it! to be honest i was nervous to order something of this value on line, but everything went well, no problems at all! i will probably order again and most definitely recommend your company to my friends and family!"marinella pires (august-11-2008)"we got it and it is beautiful!! thank you!"penny and david t. (august-5-2008)"my fiance and i picked out a wedding set together from your site, and he just proposed this week. both the engagement ring and the wedding band were absolutely stunning and we could not be more pleased with the quality and workmanship of the rings. your jewelry is above and beyond anything we saw in jewelry stores, for about half the price. we would highly recommend your website to our friends and family. thank for such a positive experience!"jennifer s. (july-26-2008)"we already got our ring, and we like it very much.thank you and more power..."philip & anne b. (july-17-2008)"got it this morning...it''''''''''''''''s perfect!!!!!thanks,"sondra l. (july-16-2008)"i received the ring....thank you. it is beautiful"ron p. (july-15-2008)"it is a beautiful and well detailed ring. i absolutely love it. i just got it today and wanted to let you know how excellent it looks. thank you very much. i am already telling all my friends about your good work. thanks."luz m. (july-11-2008)"wow, i am impressed! that was fast, must admit i was a little nervous at first, but you all have been very helpful, and once i recieve the ring, and it is all that i expect, i will recomend you to every person i know, thank you kindly!"michael l. (july-11-2008)"dear world jewels,i received the 1st order i made and i''''''''''''''''m very satisfied with the diamonds."patrick m. (july-11-2008)"hello,i recently purchased my wedding band from your site and i am extremely satisfied with my ring. thank you very much and you have made a happy customer and i will buy all my jewelry from world jewels from now on!"joe s. (july-3-2008)"hi regina,i wanted to let you know that my son received the ring today and he said it is beautiful. thank you for your assistance on this."toni f. (june-24-2008)"i just recieved my wedding rings, and they are beautiful. i could not be more happy with this purchase. i bought e-107 and will probably purchase from you again in the future. thank you,"rhonda c. (june-20-2008)"thank you...thank you...thank you...i received the rings yesterday and all i can say is wow!!!!all of them are just beautiful. i was showing them to some of my coworkers and friends and they were all amazed andsuprised by the quality & workmanship.i would recommend your site to anyone looking for quality jewelry at a very reasonable price.again...thank you...thank you...thank you...richard s. (june-19-2008)"thank you for our order. the ring is beautiful and very sturdy." tracy p. (june-19-2008)"i must say the ring was gorgeous and everything i was looking for."todd h. (june-18-2008)"you''''''''''''''''re the best. wife loved her gift. i''''''''''''''''ll be back come christmas. thanks,"bob m. (june-6-2008)"reginahi! thank you so much for follwing through, you guys are great. the ring looks beautiful. i appreciate everything.thanks again."ron j. (june-6-2008)"regina,thank you so much. i really do appreciate it more than you can know. we will be ordering our bands from you guys as well as you have earned our business in being patient we me during this exciting time for me.have a great weekend and i look forward to working with you guys in the future."ryan c. (may-28-2008)"good morning! i recently order item # ad-70 and i must say that it is a very beautiful rin. my wife wasnted a new ring for our 15th anniversary and she was very, very pleased.thank you!"dell j. (may-28-2008)"thank you for your responses. i actually placed a phone call to your company last week and ordered item a-10. maricel was able to answer my questions over te phone and also took my information for me.the earrings arrived today, and i think they are absolutely spectacular. i expect my husband and i will definitely do business with you again in the future.best regards,"linden w. (may-27-2008)"thank you very, very, much! it arrived right on time! you''''''''''''''''re awesome!thanks!"robert b. (may-23-2008)"i just received the ring yesterday for my fiance & i was impressed with the quality. most important is, he''''''''''''''''s really happy with it. if i have anymore jewelry needs i''''''''''''''''ll definately purchase from you again. great price & great quality. thanks again......"sandy n. (may-21-2008)"i would like to say thank you to your customer service team, and getting the rings to me today. they did a great job, and took a lot of the stress from me, esecially as the rings were needed for tomorrow.thank you"sandra a. (may-20-2008)"dear you,i get the ring and is fantastic. thanks a lot.thanks!!!"camilo p. (may-20-2008)"the ring you send me was beautiful.""eric a. (may-19-2008)"hello world jewels,thank you so much for the wonderful ring! it''''''''''''''''s even better than expected. the width, the look of the gold, and the size are all perfect! i''''''''''''''''m thrilled with the order and will be asking you about another jewelry order.many thanks again,"sarah s. (may-16-2008)"it arrived yesterday. thank you very much. god bless you."jerry d. (may-9-2008)"thank you for all of your help. my husband loves the ring. we will be shopping with you again.have a nice weekend!"jessica h. (may-9-2008)"hi regina-i got my (below matching) ring in last week and i love it - i have called to reorder another one exactly like this one (to make it look like a wrap around the large ring).thank you"laurie a. (may-6-2008)"hello world jewels, received my order today & i''''''''''''''''m extremely satisfied with the earrings. keep up the good work. thanks."charles d. (may-6-2008)"i would like to thank you for my order. it was received and is very lovely."james n. (may-6-2008)"i have ordered an engagement ring and i have received today morning in my mail box. i love it so much. thanks for your service and effeciency. i will recommend to my friend if they want to buy any jewelry."eddie k. (may-3-2008)"just wanted to say i received my ring yesterday and i absolutely love it!i had bought 3 before and different outlets but the moment i saw this one- i know it was perfect.thank you so much!:-)regards,"dinah b. (may-2-2008)"arrived 1:00 pm excellent condition and beautiful!"lynda b. (may-2-2008)"i received my ring yesterday and it is perfect!"tony b. (may-1-2008)"dear world jewelsi received my ring and i love the way it looks. the diamonds are beautiful"chris c. (april-26-2008)"i would like to leave a review for your company..my fiancee bought 2 rings from you and i am writing you to let you know that your company is great and i love your products...thank you for making the process of buying diamond jewelry easy and affordable"laura g. (april-25-2008)"i would just like to tell you that i received my order today and the earrings are magnificent. these sparkle and they are just so pretty! they are for my niece for her first holy communion and will make a very pecial gift. thanks again-we''''''''''''''''ll be back to do more business in the future!"ashley g. (april-25-2008)"just so you guys know... my wife loved the ring... and while i have always been opposed to making purchases online, you guys have won my trust and my return business in the future... i was surprised when she said she got the ring already...... that was really fast....thanks...."fred r. (april-24-2008)"hi, i have received my order and it is just beautiful." diana g. (april-21-2008)"hey guys, we received the rings yesterday, as was promised by fedex. we were able to track the shipment on the fedex website. how cool! the rings are beautiful- you did an awesome job !!thanks for the great service and great prices !!"jim h. (april-17-2008)"hey regina, just wanted to let you know that the ring surpassed our expectations. all my fine jewelry will be purchased at your company. you were such a great help to us, you are a great asset to your company. thank you very much."gregory p. (april-16-2008)"dear regina, thank you! thank you! thank you!! we got them and they both fit perfectly. and thank you for using fedex." patricia t. (april-15-2008)"thank you for the expidite on my ring, i love it."geoffrey d. (april-15-2008)"received the ring yesterday and we are very happy about the quality and in the timely manner in which this transaction was handled. will certainly recomment you!"hickson (april-11-2008)"hi!i have my ring today. thank you. thanks,"gi n. (april-10-2008)"hi i bought an engagement ring last week which was extremely well received thanks. i also appreciated the swift delivery. that was great.regards"norm b. (april-8-2008)"hi received order and is beautiful!thanks"jenny j. (april-4-2008)"the fedex driver just dropped off the ring. it looks magnificent. i hope my wife likes it. thanks,"bob k. (april-3-2008)"regina,i received the band today and just wanted to say thank you so much for all your help. my husband absolutely loved it!thanks again,"marcy p. (april-2-2008)"i normally don''''''''''''''''t take the time to write a thank you note but, the customer service i received from your company was exceptional.i wanted to thank world jewels for giving me a great buying experience.sincerely,"rober s. (march-27-2008)"regina,thank you for every thing. you have made this so much easier for me! i have referred worldjewels to a few of my friends. once again thanks for all the help.sincerely"jacob r. (march-26-2008)"to whom it may concern:i just wanted to say thank you for the beautiful ring! i know i would like it, but it was far more beautiful than i expected. i will be sharing your name with anyone i know and forwarding your business as much as i can. you should be proud to have such fine jewelry.thanks again!!!"patty h. (march-25-2008)"hey there,i want to thank you for helping my fiance pick out the perfect ring it is absolutely beautiful in every way. i get compliments about how unique and different it is everyday. thank you very much."rikki l. (march-24-2008)"i would have to say that regina did a great job working with me after we had a bump in the road on shipping address with my bank and she helped me through it and got the ring to me on time i will let every one know about world jewels and will be a customer for life!thank you very much"john l. (march-19-2008)"thank you for the understanding and great customer service. i would highly recommmend you to anyone who is in the market for a jewelry purchase.thanks again for all your help!jason k. (march-17-2008)"regina,thanks again for your prompt reply. i must say that your company has great customer service.regards,"lillian c. (march-13-2008)"i ordered a ring for my boyfriend so i could return the pleasure of proposing to him so he would feel special and he sure did with this ring from you! :) i did a lot of research to find what style rings i liked and found nothing better than what you offer. i loved it when i saw it on the website and loved it even more in preson. {i know everyone say''''''''''''''''s it and it''''''''''''''''s so true!} it''''''''''''''''s so shiny and beautiful. i couldn''''''''''''''''t stop smiling and laughing when i opened it! i was in shock! he said i did a great job and that he''''''''''''''''s glad i picked it out for him. thankyou so much for a beautiful ring! :) :) :) p.s. who can''''''''''''''''t beat free shipping & no sales tax!!? thanks!!"amber b. (march-9-2008)"dear world jewels,today i received the diamond stud earrings. they are a gift for my boyfriends'''''''''''''''' little girl. i am still in shock on how beautiful they are! i started crying because i wanted them to be mine. but, i think he might be planning on making a purchase for me from your website. after he see''''''''''''''''s these earrings when he comes home from work, i hope he will definitely make a purchase for me as well! i want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for the nice quality of your products. i browse your website everyday, in hopes of a diamond ring....hmmmm......thanks again!"kathleen r. (march-5-2008)"we received the rings and they''''''''''''''''re beautiful, thank you!sincerely,"amarili g. (march-5-2008)"thank you for the beautiful ring. we are very pleased! a young lady is going to be very happy."faye d. (march-3-2008)"dear w of j,the rings that you made for me are stunning. the diamond''''''''''''''''s sparkle is amazing and size is wonderful. i couldn''''''''''''''''t ask for better craftmanship. the rings are heavy and very substantial. they are the best i have ever seen. your company had the very style i was looking for. i loved the experience of shopping for rings on the net (i hate malls and pushy salespeople). you have the best prices hands-down. all of my friends and family will be referred to you. thanks so much and may god bless your business for helping people obtaining something beautiful that means so much to them for a great price. i couldn''''''''''''''''t have such a nice set if it wasn''''''''''''''''t for you. thanks again,"jane e. (february-27-2008)"i was looking for a place on your site for feedback but was not readily able to find one. i received the ring i ordered for my fiance (wd-70)...it is really beautiful. i am very impressed by the craftsman ship, the style and especially all of this for the price. thank you very much. i will definitely shop with your company again."kristie u. (february-21-2008)"i received my ring this morning, it''''''''''''''''s beautiful."cyndi h. (february-18-2008)"i bought the 1.60 carat, white gold ring and it is a beautiful ring. took it to a jeweler, and he agreed. thanks for a pretty ring at a great price."kathi (february-12-2008)"hi,i received my order....very happy with the work and quality...my fiance loves her ring set and i will order from you again.thanks"gray c. (february-5-2008)"world jewels,i received the diamond stud earrings via fedex at the day and time range you had indicated. the stones are beautiful! my wife is thrilled wih her birthday gift. the diamonds sparkle with every light shone upon them. i am completely happy with the diamonds, service, price, and your website information which educated me on how to understand and judge the quality of diamonds.thank you,"david c. (february-2-2008)"thank you soooooooo much for all your help. thanks to you i will have the ring to give my husband tomorrow on our special day.thanks again,"catherine h. (january-31-2008)"dera world jewels, thanks for your great customer service! i ordered a ring for my husband online because it was exactly like we found in the store for hundreds of dollars less. we are very happy with it, but i made a mistake and ordered the wrong size. i was amazed when i called your customer service number and talked to a real person within a couple minutes, then when she told me they would exchange the ring for a small fee i was very happy. the ring is back already and is perfect. in fact it took longer for me to get to the post office to have it shipped than to get the new, correct ring back. thanks for your attention to your customers. it is unusual these days!"j o''''''''''''''''dell (january-27-2008)"greetings, my earrings were recived today. thank you for the excellent customer service you provided the past week. i would definitely return to your company again in the future. being a first-time customer, i was a little hesitant at first, especially when my alternate shipping address could not be verified, but now am very happy. i will definitely recommend your company.thank you,sincerely,"lisa n. (january-24-2008)"hello againi received my ring today wed jan 23rd i''''''''''''''''m very pleased to tell you that i''''''''''''''''m very happy with it it is beautiful and it will look great on my finger thank youonce again"dorthy b. (january-23-2008)"thank so very much. btw, i love the ring!!!!!"nancy s (january-21-2008)"my wedding band came today and as expected it was dazzling. the comments i receive on my engagement ring from you are awesome. i can''''''''''''''''t wait to get to wear the whole set together. you have a very satisfied customer. thanks."darlene d. (january-17-2008)"i recently purchased diamond stud earrings from you and i was very satisfied with the service, time and quality of your product. i am wondering where i should write to give you guys a wonderful review! i just received the appraisal today from a local jeweler, and it was even more than the appraisal that you sent with the product. i must say i was a little leery because i live in ohio, but i have already recommended you to my mother-in-law for a similar purchase!thanks!"kit r. (january-17-2008)"just wanted to let you know that the wedding ring i purchased for my future wife arrived today (within the specified time of arrival). we wanted to thank you for your prompt service and quality jewelry. she was very excited with the beautiful setting and the amazing diamond! thank you very much. now we know where we''''''''''''''''ll be orderding her 1 or 2 ct. tw. princess cut earrings and any other piece of diamond jewelry she''''''''''''''''ll be wanting!"jared c. (january-16-2008)"we received our wedding rings today and they are beautiful and are beautiful and are prettier than the picture..we orderd the matching bands with diamonds hh-20 which are .60 each...this is the first time i have bought anything from you but it will not be the last..we are getting married on valentines day and so we went ahead and ordered our rings early just in case we didn''''''''''''''''t like the rings or they didn''''''''''''''''t fit..but everything came in just great and they are so nice..i will tell everyone i know to order from you and we will be back...thank you"lesia w. (january-16-2008)"i have received my daughter''''''''''''''''s .50 total carat weight diamond stud earrings. a present for her 21''''''''''''''''st birthday. they are not huge-- but that is the size i ordered. i first saw them with the dome light in my car. sparkling, almost electric, and beautiful. amazing, really. i am confident in saying, that your prices, and your quality, surpass anyone. nice job!"martin m. (january-14-2008)"thank you for the ring. my wife-to-be loves it! i was very skeptical about ordering a ring online. i received my ring withing 7 days of ordering it. thank you for the quick shipment. i look forward to do business with you in the future."patrick g. (january-14-2008)"dear world jewels,today i received my order containing the ring that i ordered last saturday. i want to thank you very much for the prompt service. i am very impressed with my new ring, it fits just right, and the quality is excellent! i will definitely keep you in mind for future jewelry orders.thank you again,"peter p. (january-9-2008)"i just received the ring and wow! is all i have to say. the pictures on the internet don''''''''''''''''t serve justice to the type of quality i received. i am so happy with my purchase and look forward to ordering a lot more jewelry very soon! thank you again so much."lyn m. (january-8-2008)"just had to let you know that i bought a ring for my mother for christmas. it had a pink topaz and diamonds on it (it was beautiful) it arrived on time. we had a pretty rought year so it was so much more that i expected since i only saw its picture online,her expression was timeless thank you so much. i will definitely be using your site again and referring you to others."antonio h. (january-3-2008)"ring arrived on 12/24. i really appreciate you getting it here in time for christmas. i am very pleased with the ring. it has great sparkle. i will be a return customer in the future and will recommend your company to my friends. thank you very much."arlon k. (december-26-2007)"i didn''''''''''''''''t check my e-mails again until this morning. fedex delivered them on monday so i had them to wear for christmas (my present to myself) they''''''''''''''''re gorgeous. thanks again.happy new year."sandra w. (december-26-2007)"dear world jewels:thank you for the overnighting my ring. i did get the ring on monday december 24th from fedex. i appreciate the extra effort on your part in getting my ring to me before christmas. my wife loves the ring. thanks again.regards,"jack g. (december-25-2007)"regina,five minutes ago, i received my ring. it''''''''''''''''s beautiful and the fit is perfect. how amazing. thanks you so much."valinda b. (december-21-2007)"i just wanted to let you know that on 11/17/07 i purchased a wedding band item #ww-18 from you. when it arrived my fiance'''''''''''''''' fell in love with it and insisted on wearing it before the wedding calling it his engagement ring. unfortunately, i ordered an 11.5 thinking an 11 fit to snug when we had his finger sized. one evening at work he noticed the ring was no longer on his finger, it had slipped off sometime during the evening without him noticing. he is devastated about this loss as am i.somehow a replacement ring just doesn''''''''''''''''t seem to have the same appeal, feeling as though nothing could possibly have that same sentimental value as the initial ring purchased. we searched long and hard for a wedding band for him, from high end jewelry shops to wholesalers and there was very little out there that he liked. when i came across your web site and found that ring i knew he would love it.i was a little concerned about ordering an item of this nature on-line, and had actually read good and bad reviews about your company. i''''''''''''''''m glad i took the gamble and want to thank you for offering such a high quality product at such a reasonable price. we are in the midst of trying to figure out if we want the same ring or something different and trying to figure out finances as well, being the wedding is now only a little more than two months away and we still have thousands of dollars to spend on all the other essentials. it is all very nerve racking!i''''''''''''''''m sure when we figure this all out, we will be ordering from your company again. i just wanted to thank you again for having such a high quality product that fit our budget and had appeal where others did not.sincerely,"cathy t. (december-19-2007)"to whom it may concern,i had ordered your 3/4 g-h color, si1 clarity diamond stud earrings. i was told they would be shipped to me on the 21 of december (i paid for overnight to make sure i had them before christmas). i received them today they 19th they are very nice and i am sure my fiance is going to enjoy them as much as i will seeing them on her. just wanted to say thank you very much for the quick turn around and the very nice earrings... i am going to have to get a journey necklace from you before our wedding. i have to admit i was a little skeptical ordering on line (sight unseen) but they are exactly as you said on your website.. thanks again and happy holidays to all."dave b. (december-19-2007)"hello, thanks got the ring yesterday..thank you for responding...thanks"thomas v. (december-18-2007)"ring just arrived- thank you it''''''''''''''''s nice!!"jonathan b. (december-18-2007)"i ordered a very nice 1.25 carat heart shaped diamond ring for my wife for the christmas, which was delivered today while i was at work. the phone rang and all i heard was a scream from my wife, who was excited beyond belief. she absolutely loves it!!i don''''''''''''''''t know much about jewelry but she does-and she told me the quality was excellent excellent excellent...and she told me the setting was very high quality- so her diamond will not come loose. your customer service was excellent, the ring was as as advertised, and it was shipped when you said it would be. the appraisal that came with the ring assures me i got a great deal, too.i''''''''''''''''ll order from you again, and i will definitely tell my friends about world jewels.mike s. (december-17-2007)"just wanted to thank you. i placed my order on december 11th and fedex delivered my very well packaged purchase on the 17th. the earrings are beautiful and i know my gift will be appreciated."patti m. (december-17-2007)"thank you so much.i appreciate the concern your company takes against fraud. thank you so much for your time."paul d. (december-14-2007)"reginai got the ring i am very satisfied the way you handle me as a customer i am very tough i have never dealt with you or your companyi will be writing a letter on your abilty to make things happen for your company wonderful job. very satisfied"brandon d. (december-14-2007)"i got the ring yesterday and love it. i won''''''''''''''''t know if it fits or not until the 20th, as it is a surprise.thank you for speeding things up for me. having it here gives me great peace of mind."gerolyn f. (december-8-2007)"i recently purchased diamond earrings for my wife through your company. i was somewhat skeptical due to the low price but figured with a 30 day return policy i didn''''''''''''''''t have much to lose. i received the diamond earrings today and i must say that they are much higher quality for the price than i ever seen at any jewelry store! i will refer you to all my friends.thank you so much.sincerely,"james h. (november-19-2007)"hello just received my purchase today and love it. the fire and brilliance of the diamond is exquisite!! i will definitely recommend your place of business to my friends. thanks to every one in customer service also for helping me with my address problems.happy holidays"janet j. (november-16-2007)"dear regina:the ring arrived as requested and i am very pleased. thank you so much for taking the time to make sure i had the ring as needed. a++++ customer service!sincerely,"suzanne s. (november-16-2007)"just thought i would let you know my pendant just arrived and i love it. the diamonds are awesome! i''''''''''''''''m very picky about the color and clarity of the diamonds i buy. you will never find this color and clarity in the retail world for this price. you will be my only source for my diamond needs!!thanks,"sherry p. (november-16-2007)"just to let you know the ring we picked out came today. totally happy. you helped make my day. thanks again." darlene j. (november-14-2007)"received the package yesterday and i am please with the product. thanks again for the quality and efficiency."joan p. (november-13-2007)"dear regina, thank-you for the message the ring arrived today. i will recommend you to anyone who is looking for jewelry especially wedding rings."michael m. (november-13-2007)"thank you! the ring is beautiful-thanks for the quick shipping."jen d. (november-9-2007)"regina, received order, thank you for all of your help.lisa was impressed with the ring.have a grand day."shon d. (november-9-2007)"good afternoon,i received the ring and it is fantastic, i thank you for the service, thanks"daniel c. (november-3-2007)"hello, i just to say that i just recived your message yesterday, date sent, and also the ring was delivered yesterday. i am very pleased with the workmanship, quality and overall beauty. the fit was perfect. thank you and enjoyed doing business with you. will keep the info handy if i have any future jewelry needs."ruben s. (november-2-2007)"i would like to say the ring i purchased is beautiful. the price was excellent and it is much prettier in person. i was a little afraid to order on-line but, i was truly amazed. i will definitely order from you from now on. thank you for making my day!"laurie t. (november-1-2007)"oh wow, oh wow! thank you! thank you! my ring arrived yesterday. my fiancee and i are very, very pleased. it is beautiful - better than i thought it would be from your picture on-line. this is both of our second marriages and we didn''''''''''''''''t think we could afford an engagement ring for me until we did some research and found world jewels. you have helped make a dream come true for me. i will treasure this ring and the true love and bright future it stands for forever!thank you so much,"kaylynn r. (october-30-2007)"i want to thank you for the prompt service, the ring is beautiful, and i appreciate the quality and value you provide. also a thanks to sherill for her excellent service. my wife is very pleased with her gift, and i will recommend your firm to all my friends.sincerely,"dave (october-27-2007)"the ring is beautiful and we will definitely be return customers, thank you for all world jewels help."stuart w. (october-26-2007)"i just recieved my order and am very pleased with my experience with your business. everything from placing the order to the finished product has been wonderful. your customer service reps that answer the phone are very nice and return phone calls very well. thanks for the wonderful experience. i will shop worldjewels.com again."eric s. (october-18-2007)"i ordered a platinum diamond band pt-5. it looks great and the price was right. a special thanks to sherille for all her help she was great ..thanks."newt d. (october-18-2007)"to whom it may concern:i just wanted you to know what a pleasure it was to get prompt and helpful responses from your customer service, in particular regina (regina@worldjewels.com). she was outstanding at emphasizing the threat of identity fraud and made me feel more confident in purchasing with your company. she also helped to ensure that my order was rushed due to a slight delay trying to decide whether or not to maintain my billing address and shipping address to be the same, or to add the alternate address. thank you very much- my girlfriend was more than thrilled and it was a wonderful surprise for her. we would surely purchase from you again."m.w. (october-18-2007)"hi regina, my girlfriend absolutely loved the ring. thank you very much for the great customer service and the rush on the order. the ring came perfectly on time. i''''''''''''''''d like to send positive feedback about your customer service as well as the happiness that the ring brought. please let me know where i can do so. tghank you again. sincerely,"stephen c. (october-18-2007)"regina, i received the ring this a.m. via fedex. it''''''''''''''''s beautiful. thanks for your help in getting it to me."dave l. (october-8-2007)"i received the beautiful ring, thank you."betty b. (october-6-2007)"hello, i just wanted to tell you that the ring i just purchased from you is absolitely beautiful. i am extremely pleased and amazed that it is so breath taking. my husband love''''''''''''''''s it. i have no doubt we will continue to do business with you. thank-you so much,"sherry s. (october-4-2007)"the rings arrived yesterday in good condition. they both are a perfect fit. thank you!"andrea t. (october-3-2007)"dear world jewelsi would like to thank you for the ring you recently made for me. it looks incredible and i am sure my future fiancee will be happy."lawrence r. (october-3-2007)"i just received it thank you. i hope my wife like''''''''''''''''s it. i am very impressed with the product and your service thus far.!!!"vic w. (october-3-2007)"i want to send this email to your company because i am so pleased with the ring that my husband bought for me. first of all i have to say a big thank you to your customer service agent cheryl (and i hope i spelled her name correctly). cheryl worked with my husband so patiently and her professionalism was above and beyond what was expected. she talked with him each and every time he called and as he made changes to the original ring that he started out with, she always accommodated him. we were celebrating my birthday on the 29th of september and also 14 years of marriage. cheryl made sure that the ring arrived in time for that. when the package was delivered and my husband gave the ring to me, wow, it was big, bright clear, beautiful and wonderfully done. the case that world jewels provided with it was marvelous as well. i can''''''''''''''''t stop talking about world jewels. we have told people and will continue to tell people about world jewels and the great customer service and craftsmanship that you provide when making your jewelry. thank you again, i have a big smile on my face because of you."tamara c. (october-3-2007)"i did receive it late this morning and i thank you, i was just getting worried because i was under the assumption that a tracking would be sent and when it wasn''''''''''''''''t i got nervous, i love the product, and am very pleased, thank you again for all of your assistance."kim b. (september-29-2007)"thank you. received the earrings and was very pleased. very prompt, thanks again."brian h. (september-26-2007)"love it, love it, love it, love it..........................beautiful ring at a good price!thanks,"ms. c. kidd (september-25-2007)"thank you, i received it on time, and it looks great."scott e. (september-20-2007)"i just wanted to say that i have received the men''''''''''''''''s wedding band that i had ordered. it is so much more than what i expected. i have showed my finance the ring and he loved it. thank you all ever so much for making our ring shopping so much easier and so much better then what we were looking at. we are both thrilled with our purchaseagain, thank you so muchregards,"theresa t. (september-10-2007)"i received the ring today and it is gorgeous! thank you very much for the quick service and unbelievable low price!!have a good day!"patty d. (september-10-2007)"not only did my ring arrive as hoped on saturday, thanks to regin''''''''''''''''s help, but it is more than i could have dreamed of. it catches and reflects light like no other ring- and we searched far and wide in jewelry stores across north carolina. we were nervous about online jewelery-but we''''''''''''''''ll be ordering from world jewels again.thank you for a superior product, and wonderful customer service."ann r. (september-9-2007)"thanks you,i have received the wedding band k-4 i purchased and it is beautiful. i have now had several friends and family purchase jewelry from you guys and everyone has been satisfied.all total i have purchased. k-79 and k-4. thank you for allowing me to make my soon to be wife really happy."naseer m. (september-8-2007)"brian and i received our ring today from fedex. it is beautiful and exactly what we wanted. thank you for getting it to us so quickly.sincerely,"terrie & brian l. (september-8-2007)"i have already received it and it is absolutely gorgeous! thank you."priscilla m. (september-5-2007)"i appreciate you rushing this order to me in time for my wifes birthday. the diamond ring was much more then i expected. i want to thank cheryl for her help in me receiving this diamond in time.thank you"daniel t. (august-30-2007)"good morning,i just received the ring i ordered for my finace for his wedding ring and i have to tell you- it is absolutely gorgeous- it is stunning! i wanted to cry-it is such a beautiful ring (now hopefully it fits).thank you so much for all your help, quick responses, and wonderful customer service!"gina l. (august-30-2007)"dear woj,i received the merchandise, and indeed it is to my satisfaction. i will make orders from your site in the future.thanks,"abe m. (august-29-2007)"we received the rings today, 8/28/07 fed. ex. they are very beautiful and we are very pleased. our thanks, especially to the jeweler, and to regina for staying on top of the order and getting it to us in good timing. thank you!!"terry w. & lynn (august-28-2007)"thank you for your efficiency in getting our gorgeous wedding bands to us. we do love them."lucy s, (august-25-2007)"i want to thank you for your superb service and quality on my recent purchase! my diamond ring is absolutely gorgeous. i have two sons of marrying age and will not hesitate to encourage them to buy their engagement rings from you. the selection and quality are fantastic!thanks,"karen d. (august-23-2007)"good day,i am writing to tell you i received my ring yesterday and am so impressed by the quality, size, and delivery. i was a little hesitant to buy a ring from a company i did not know about however i am so glad i did. the ring is beautiful ! delivery was fast. everyone i have showed the ring to are so impressed at what i paid and the quality i received.i would highly recommend your jewelry to anyone and i will be buying from you again!!!thank you very much,"mable h. (august-22-2007)"dear cheryl, thank you so much for all your attention to mu order. all went well and the rings made it to new jersey on fri. i just love them. thanks again."susan a. (august-21-2007)"thank you very much for sending us the ring, my fiancee loves it and cannot stop showing it to everyone! you guys did am amazing job and really made it perfect for two poor kids straight out of college.i will reccomend you to all my other firends who are planning engagements.best regards,"carlos m. (august-18-2007)"dear world jewels:my name is virginia & i ordered a set of wedding bands i''''''''''''''''m giving as a wedding gift for a very special family friend of mine & her husband to be in the philippines in oct. where i''''''''''''''''ll be one of the major sponsors. i want you to know that i received the package 2 days ago via fedex. the rings are so beautiful & heavy, very good quality! appreciate it so much! thanks!!!!"virginia p. (august-17-2007)"items arrived today. thank you so much."nate c. (august-16-2007)"thank you very much, earrings received earlier today."karen w. (august-16-2007)"i received the ring last night, and wanted to tell you thank you for all that you did to get me that ring. you went out of your way to see that i got it in time. not very many companies would do that for a customer. the ring is beautiful, i am very pleased. i am going to recommend your wonderful company to all my family and friends.thank you again for the great service.sincerely"george s. (august-14-2007)"i received this ring yesterday as promised, and it''''''''''''''''s gorgeous!!i will certainly use your company again when searching for something special in the way of jewelry...and will definitely recommend you to friends!thank you!!!"marie b. (august-14-2007)"received my ring on the 10th (5 days after ordering). the service was great and the product as nice as anything i saw in local retailers at double the price. definitely a pleasant experience."gregory v. (august-11-2007)"wow! that was quick. i just got my package about 1/2 an hour ago. thank you so much for the speedy service & my ring looks loverly. thank you again for getting my wedding ring back to me so fast!"barara and kerry v. (august-2-2007)"to whom it may concern, i received my fedex shipment of my husband''''''''''''''''s ring today, just as i had hoped for! i have opened the ring and am very pleased. i hope my husband will be, too, when he sees it this weekend, in new york, for our anniversary.thank you so much for working and delivering in the limited time frame. that is awesomwe. i really think he will be especially surprised with the ring. he has nothing like it!"page l. (august-2-2007)"thank you i received them and love them!!!"christine g. (august-10-2007)"thank you so much, she loves the ring."loretta m. (august-2-2007)"thanks for the wonderful service. i received the ring on friday, july 13th. my now-fiancee thinks it''''''''''''''''s wonderful."chris k. (july-30-2007)"i just received them 1/2 hour ago. i love you guys!!! i am absolutely thrilled by your product and customer service. i will definitely be purchasing from you in the future!again, you guys are the absolute best! i am so happy with your service and product!thank you, thank you, thank you!!!amy f. (july-27-2007)"thank you so much. i received the rings today and i am absolutely happy with it. it is much better then before. a special thanks for kathy for your patience."dian d. (july-26-2007)"thank you all so much. the ring is beautiful."matthew r. (july-25-2007)"thank you. i have received the rings and they are beautiful."tira j. (july-16-2007)"i received the wring and i want personally thank you for all your help expediting the order for me.i will definitely order from you again and will let others know about the superior customer service you provided."jonpaul b. (july-14-2007)"dear whoever it may concern,thank you so much! i recieved the ring today and i am very pleased with the quality! it is a birthday oresent for my husband since his other wedding ring had broken. i want to thank you for the fast shipping and it was a pleasure doing business with your company. i will definately reccomend your company to all of my friends and family. the prices are very reasonable and the free shiping....who could resist? once again it was a pleasure!! i hope to order in the future!!respectfully,"jennifer m. (july-14-2007)"dear world jewels,much to my delight, the bracelet has arrived. it is absolutely stunning! it is my 20th wedding anniversary present that took me about 3 months to find. i had it appraised and the jeweler thought it was a fabulous piece and i paid such a terrific price. many thanks to you and your company for accomadating people like me with such quality jewelry at an affordable price. i will definitely purchase from you again and tell all my family and friends about you.warmest regards,"debbie r. (july-14-2007)"regina! thank you very much! i appreciate your help with this matter. this is the first time i have ordered from world jewels and i''''''''''''''''m very impressed with your customer service. i plan on ordering from you in the future."tom z. (july-13-2007)"thank you so much. i was thrilled when the engagement ring arrived yesterday, one day ahead of schedule. the ring is fantastic and just as advertised. my fiance loves it. we couldn''''''''''''''''t be more happy. thanks for your fabulous service."ron m. (july-12-2007)"thanks for the email. we received the ring shortly after i emailed you. my wife loves the ring. it didn’t show up in time for mother’s day, but it arrived for our anniversary. thanks for the nice ring. it was worth the wait."justin c. (june-12-2007)"will do-thanks! the ring is very handsome. we love it."kate p. (june-9-2007)"hello, i have to start out by saying i was very nervous about ordering diamonds over the internet. your prices seemed almost too good to be true. after receiving the ring that we ordered, i was so glad we took the chance. the ring is absolutely beautiful! not only did it meet, but it exceeded our expectations (which is not easy because i am very picky when it comes to my jewelry).i will definitely be purchasing more jewelry from you!thank you,"sarah j. (june-8-2007)"i purchased this item from you, invoice # 1179xxxxxx. i am so very pleased with this item, it is much prettier in person than on your website. the workmanship and the quality of the sapphire and the diamond baguetts is exceptional! i had contacted a local jeweler to get a price on a one (1) carat periwinkle or cornflower blue around or pear sapphire in a 14kt white gold "tiffany" mounting with no other stones and was quoted $1,000-$1,500 for just the sapphire stone and the mounting was an additional $163.needless to say, i will shop with you in the future. there are other jewelers out there in your area who do not provide this type of quality, service or warranty and are by keeping an outrageous restock fee. the items on their website are also not what you get when you order.keep up the good work! i would definitely recommend world jewels to other customers and friends.kindest regards,"ingrid r. (june-4-2007) "got it yesterday.looks great! good job, again!thank you."bernard h. (june-1-2007)"regina,thank you so very much for all of your help!!!!!! please show this email to your noss! they have a wonderful employee and should be happy to hear that the customer think so!many regards,"brett c. (june-1-2007)"i got these rings this morning and they are amazing! i love them and i will be a returning customer!"doraine m. (may-31-2007)"i would just like to let you know we received the ring and it is just perfect!!!! i will tell everyone i know to shop at world jewels…thank you again,"melissa a. (may-30-2007)"hello,i recently purchased a solitaire ring from you (reference # 1178xxxxxx), and i am very happy with it and it looks just great. i was just wondering if a diamond certificate (diamond grading report was supposed to have accompanied it?thank you."robert l. (may-29-2007)"regina, thank you for taking care of my issues with my purchase. i received my new ring last week and i was very pleased with the new stone. the ring is beautiful. thanks again for your help, i will most definately be purchasing from world of jewels again in the future."troy h. (may-29-2007)"thank you for your prompt response! we are satisfied with the ring even with the minor design changes. thank you for the things you have done during this long process, things could have been much more difficult and we are glad that was not the case. i will certainly recommend your company to others and will be placing a link on our website recommending your company.thanks, and the best of business…"dave m. (may-28-2007)"item received and it looks nice. thanks"tyr c. (may-26-2007)"hello worldjewels. finally i have gotten the ring. i was surprised, thank you."vladimir g. (may-26-2007)"world jewels,yesterday, i received the ring i ordered on may 12, 2007.i had to write to tell you the ring is beautiful and sized just right. i was impressed with your good service and updates to let me know the status of my account. i can recommend world jewels without any hesitation and i’m sure i will return as a satisfied customer in the future."diana s. (may-25-2007)"good morning regina:i again want to thank-you for your assistance and communication. the ring is very beautiful, i''''m sure i will be doing business with world jewels in the future."eddie p. (may-18-2007)"hello reginai just wanted to let you know i recieved the ring, and am very happy with it. thank you. i will order from you guys again."caleb d. (may-10-2007)"hi,my rings arrived today. thank you, they are beautiful!regards,"rayne s. (may-10-2007)"thank you! i received the order yesterday. the ring is lovely!!"cherie d. (may-10-2007)"i just wanted to let you know how pleasantly surprised i was to see my fedex pkg arrive today as i wasn’t expecting it until tomorrow. i was very nervous about ordering jewelry over the internet from a company that i knew nothing about. it represented a lot of money to me and i was so grateful to receive my beautiful rings as promised. i will definitely order from you again in the future.sincerely"dawn l. (may-9-2007)"dear world jewels,i just received the wedding band that i ordered from you. the ring is beautiful! it matches her engagement ring like they were purchased together. we found your site by accident, just to look at styles of rings. i normally wouldn''''t order jewelry on line, but found this ring that matched her engagement ring. i figured that i would give you a try, especially with the your thirty day guarantee. she loves the ring and is very happy. i would also like to thank your customer service department. it seems there was a problem when the ring was made in 14 k instead of 18 k. they were very kind and helpful when i called. thank you again."kenneth l. (may-4-2007)"i received the ring today.....it is beautiful!! thank you for all your work to ensure that i received it on time for the wedding!"amy m. (april-25-2007)"the rings are beautiful. thank you so much for resizing and getting my husband’s ring back in time for the wedding. i know we cut it really close with the last minute resizing, but world jewels, you really came through. thanks to you there was a happy bride and groom on 4/22/07!!!"jonita g. (april-25-2007)"hello, i wanted to let you know the rings arrived on friday…they are just wonderful!thanks,"debbie b. (april-23-2007)"dear regina,i received the anniversary band today. thank you for your updates and keeping me informed as to the delays. also this is the first time i bought jewelry over the internet. it is beautiful and i thank you and those who made it.sincerely,"mary g. (april-18-2007)"hi maricel,i got my order today. thank you very much for getting it here so quickly. it is very nice!"paula t. (april-16-2007)"dear maricel,thank you so much for your impeccable customer service, it’s nice to see a company so concerned with internet fraud and the protection of their customers. i would recommend world of jewels to anyone! thanks again!"jennifer s. (april 06, 2007) "i received the order. thank you- the rings are beautiful!!!"jonita g. (march 31, 2007) "thank you very much. i will forward to your message, and i am very happy with the ring." tom s. (march 31, 2007) "dear customer service: this is a reply confirming that i have received my order on thursday march 29, 2007 at approx. 11:25am. est. its beautiful! sincerely," n. green (march 30, 2007) "thank you so much for your expedient service. we received our rings on tuesday, march 27. they are very beautiful. we are very pleased with them. thank you again for handling our order so quickly." karen f. (march 27, 2007)"dear worldjewelsi have received my order. the ring is beautiful and thank you for a job well done. i will buy from your store again. thank youalen (march 21, 2007)"i received the semi-mount and i am impressed. thanks." irving c. (march 13, 2007)"hi. i’m not sure if i can let you know or not however, we rec’d the earrings for my daughter just a little while ago and we are absolutely thrilled with their appearance. we love them. thank you so much and we’ll certainly be back. kind regards," ray r. (march 10, 2007)"just wanted to let you know we received my fiancé’s wedding ring and it is unbelievably beautiful. much better than we’d even hoped for. thank you, fantastic merchandise!" ryan k. (march 01, 2007) "thank you for all your help and fast assistance and shipping."joe c. (february 21, 2007) "hi,i wanted to let you know that my wife and i are very happy with our diamond ring purchase! we had the diamond appraised locally and it appraised for twice what we paid for it.i will recommend you to my friends!sincerely,"bob and vicki t. (february-21-2007)"just wanted to say thanks soooo much for the quick shipping and sorry to be a pain, also oh my god this ring is beautiful ive never seen a mans wedding band soooo eye catching im just not sure its an everyday ring im completly satisfied and then some im sure i can send u a few customers when showing off this beauty.thanks again"john schoenick (february-15-2007)"thank you; i received the ring today and i''''m very please."samuel g. (february-12-2007)"just received my order. thank you, they are spectacular. everything i had hoped for and more."jean h. (february-7-2007)"world of jewels,thank you!! my ring arrived a few days ago, and it is quite nice. i am very happy and satisfied with the job!! it is the ideal width for me. i will definatley use you again, and will reccommend you to my friends!!!thank you,"judie r. (february-5-2007)"i would just like to say that i recived my ring today and am very, very pleased. at first i was leery about ordering because i da seen similar wedding bands on a few other sites with prices varying widely. i decided to give world jewels a shot because you had the best price abd i really liked the ring from the picture. i was not at al disappointed, it seems i made a fine choice, and actually the ring looks much nicer than the photo. i would definitely recommend you.also the shipping was very quick. i ordered the ring sunday mid afternoon and got it in 3 days.thank you,"cheryl s. (january-31-2007)"to whom it may concern, i would like to give my sincere thanks to your organization for upholding your promise. i would definitely do business with you again. thank you."hannifa r. (january-30-2007)"the 3/4 solitaire oval ring was received and is absolutely beautiful. i''''m very happy we decided to order online from your site. nothing compares to the price or the quality of this ring. thank you."sarah s. (january-27-2007)"hi. just wanted to let you know i received my item back and i am satisfied with the purchase.thanks,"kathy y. (january-24-2007)"if i had designed it myself, nothing could be more beautiful, i choose this ring from your website, and when it arrived less then 1 week later, for the first time i was speech less. my husband to be (feb. 14,07) was floored. we especally me thank you for the special touch in which you can see that was put into my ring."m stokes. (january-22-2007)"i''''ve received the order and i''''m pretty happy about the ring."jungyun k. (january-19-2007)" regina : i got the ring i ordered on saturday and i wanted to thank you and cheryl for expediting this order. i know it took longer than usual but i really appreciate the fact that you and your team put in the extra effort to have the ring ready and shipped to me on time. great work!you have gained my confidence and i will return to your site for my future purchases.thanks again for all your efforts."kamran g. (january-15-2007) "great! thank you. just let me say again, that the ring is absolutely beautiful! much better than i expected. i just can’t stop admiring it. jmy husband to be got me this one to replace the one he got to surprise me for christmas because he wanted the proposal to be a surprise, but wanted us to pick out a ring together. we saw you site and decided to take the chance. i’m very glad we did! thanks for everything!"robin (january-11-2007) "hello, i just wanted to thank you for upgrading the shipping on the rings i ordered. they arrived today, 3 days before the wedding, which we are thrilled about. we appreciate all the help! thanks again,"larry (january-11-2007) "got the rings they look great. thanks a lot. i will be ordering again i’m sure." randy (january-8-2007) "got it-love it- thanks"renee m. (january-8-2007) "hello,thank you for taking care of this exchange for me. i am really grateful. my ring arrived today.happy new year"sharon g. (january-2-2007) "dear world of jewels,i just wanted to say thank you for the great customer service. i have admit i was very nervous purchasing a diamond ring online. i was very happy when i received my order. i think my ring is beautiful.thanks for the great customer service. i will let my friends know.sincerely," joann c. (december-28-2006) "hi..i jsrt received my purchase of a ring on invoice#116708#### and i must say..it is so beautiful!!! i am so impressed that i will certainly tell all my friends..i can’t wait to slip it on my wifes’ finger..i’m so excited….thank you for wonderful, gratifying service…"ronald h. (december-28-2006) "just wanted to thank you guys for your great customer service. this was the first time i bought diamonds online. my girlfriend loves them! your service was wonderful, the fact you guys red marked the shipping address was awesome. next time i buy gold or diamonds, you will be the people i see!"bill s. (december-27-2006) "thank you i received my order as promise on saturday. my husband love his christmas present. thanks look forwarded in doing business with you in the future." cheryl r. (december-26-2006) " regina ,thank you so much. the ring is beautiful and the person who received the ring loves it.thank you so much and happy holidays."jason c. (december-25-2006) "thank you so much for shipping my ring on time. i received it today and my girlfriend is very happy and pleased with the quality of the diamond. i will recommend world of jewels to everyone i know that is looking for jewelry.merry christmas "keeth w. (december-23-2006) "hi regina ,got the ring and they look beautiful!!! i am happy with the work. tks"jennifer v. (december-23-2006) "dear mariceli have picked up the ring. very very nice. i may have overestimated her ring size buy that okay. thank you for your help in getting it out so quickly.happy holidays"carl s. (december-21-2006) "hello sherille,how are you? my son purposed..it went very well, and she loved the ring! again many thanks to you!!thanks so much!"jeri (december-14-2006) "thank you the ring turned up already and looks great. my wife will be very happy.many thanks "dan t (december-13-2006) "hi, i absolutely love the ring!thank you "irina b. (december-12-2006) "you guys are great ! and the ring (now on my wife''''s finger) looks great toothanks so muchand happy holidays to you too."matt h. (december-8-2006)"you guys are great ! and the ring (now on my wife''''s finger) looks great toothanks so muchand happy holidays to you too."matt h. (december-8-2006)"i received my merchandise today. thank you for your prompt service"stephen (december-1-2006)"world of jewelsdear sirs,i wanted to let you know how delighted i am with the ring you sent. it arrived yesterday in its many layers of protective packaging which made opening it a bit more exciting. i love the ring and i am very appreciative of being able to purchase it at such a good value.thank you."lee s. (november-30-2006) "received, it is a beautiful!!! thank you. we will recommend you to anyone looking for jewels. thanks"belkys c. (november-27-2006) "i received the ring and its beautiful! thank you"susan o. (november-26-2006) "thank you i received it and you guys did a wonderful job."mark c. (november-26-2006) "i have received the ring i am very impressed with the work. before ordering i was hesitating because i did not see any reviews on the web. let me know if you want me to write any reviews.thanks."shishu b. (november-25-2006) "then item you sent just as you advertised in less that 8 days is faba u lious. also impeccable quality at a knock your sockets off price. that highly finished wooden presentation box makes it realy look expensive.many thanks, she’ll be tickled."patrick c. (november-21-2006) "dear maricel:since i’ve been dealing with you, i thought i’d send my comments to you regarding the ring i received.i am so thankful that i found and used your site to order my husband’s ring. i cannot tell you how impressed i am. the ring is absolutely beautiful and way beyond my expectations. i would definitely recommend your site to anyone. i know my husband will be as thrilled as i was when he receives it for christmas. thank you so much.sincerely,"carole w. (november-21-2006) "i ordered a ring about 2 week ago and received it on tuesday november 7th. i just wanted to let you know that i am very pleased with this piece of jewelry and would not hesitate to order from you again. i am sure i will enjoy my ring for years to come.thank you"gina o. (november-8-2006)"dear world of jewels,i just received the rings and i must first apologize for my doubt in you. i am sorry. the rings are perfect. they look even better in person and they fir perfectly. just in time and i thank you for your hustle at the end.completely satisfied,"randall and jessica g. (november-3-2006) "we can’t believe how beautiful our rings are!!!!!! i work with 300 people and when everyone sees how wonderful our rings are i bet you’ll have more business coming your way!!!!! i will be buying a few more items and i’ll now only buy from you!!!thank you,"jan s. (october-31-2006)"thank you!!we are sooooo…happy with the ring!you did such a wonderful job & thank you for accommodating our special occasion by sending us a replacement! that saved us on our big dayi will definitely recommend your company to anyone who is looking for rings. you did an over the top job for us and we are extremely grateful for that! i also respect your safety procedures for credit card process. this world needs more of that!thank you again!!"pierre d. (october-31-2006) "the ring came today, and looks great…thank you so much!"kaaren (october-27-2006)"i just love the ring. and i know my wife will. the ring is for her birthday. thank u all."andrew g. (october-27-2006)"thanks for the exchange. the rings more then meet our expectations; they are beautiful. the exchanged ring is perfect. thanks,"shirley a. (october-26-2006) "hello. i just received my order and am very happy. we had been looking for some time for our wedding bands and felt that your firm offered the best price, for the best quality and design.we ordered the 8mm 14k- tri-color gold bands and just noew received them. (i was a little worried about ordering them on-line, sight un-seen)-however, it was well worth it!we just wanted to say thanks for providing us with excellent products and excellent service.you have made two people very, very happy…thank you!sincerely,"bonita k. (october-16-2006) "gentleman,received order 10/12/06 . the ring is beautiful, i’m sure my wife will like it.thank you,"mike b. (october-12-2006) "i would like to thank you guys for the ring. it is so much more beautiful then i imagined!! for $550 i never would have expected what i received. i purchased it to go with my engagement band and now my wedding band is ½ the size of my engagement band! the quality of the diamonds are superb and the thickness of the gold is amazing. it is esquisitely and elegantly done and i can’t thank you guys enough!! i’m going to recommend you to all my friends.sincerely,"tonie a. (october-11-2006) "i received the ring and just love it, and it looks great with my engagement ring."taasha t. (october-7-2006) "we just received earrings that we ordered from you and are very pleased. thank you!"kay n. (october-6-2006) "thank you…received today…great ring, timely delivery!!!!god bless,"jay l. (october-4-2006) "good evening, i just wanted to let you know that i received my new ring today…it is just beautiful and looks so wonderful. it’s nice to have my wedding ring back as i did miss it, thank you so much for your patience in this matter. sincerely,"melanie s. (october-3-2006) "just wanted to let you know that the ring that i ordered was delievered in recordtime!! :-) i was very impressed with the quality and the price of the ring. i will be ordering from world jewels again.sincerely,"susan s. (september-18-2006) "thank you for the information. you’ve been really helpful and great customer service."cecilia v. (september-13-2006) "hello, i received the rings this morning. thank you so much for being able to meet my changing needs. i appreciate your excellent customer service. the rings are awsome. thanks again"riite c. (september-8-2006) "oh my gooodness!!! i received my ring today as promised by you & i couldn’t be happier with my purchase! the ring is even nicer in person. i really love it. i am actually going to purchase another one next month as a gift to my partner. i just wanted to make sure i liked it first.i thank you so much and look forward to doing business with you in the very near future. i will definitely recommend you to all my friends.sincerely,"sharon s. (september-7-2006) "i got my wedding band it is a piece of art, absolutely beautiful work thank youthanks gain."christian c. (september-3-2006) "i received my ring today. it is excellent. prompt service and now my fiancé wants to get my ring will be shopping with you more.thanks so much."theresa t. (august-31-2006) "just want to let you know that i got the ring 5 minutes ago and can’t wait to open it. it’s so lovely and fit on my finger too. ring is beautiful and good quality. and i can’t wait to order the second ring in the next month.the shipping should come tomorrow at 4:00 pm . but it come early, that is great.thank you again for your service"namphueng m. (august-30-2006) "i received the ring just as promised. you made the all the necessary efforts to get the ring to me in the time needed even arranging special shipping at no additional charge to me.the ring looks great and i can’t wait to give it to my fiancé. i have 2 more rings to purchase and will do so when i return from vacation. your follow up and service to date have been without question some of the best i have ever encountered.thank you again for your service and the quality of the product."steven p. (august-26-2006) "i have received my orderit is a beautiful man diamond ring.see you next time.thanks."victor l. (august-26-2006) "i received the rings and they are beautiful, thank you so much. they arrived just in time. thank you,"diana veretto (august-24-2006) "i will be using you again and again. i understand how mis-haps occur, the ring is amazing, appraised for much more than i bought it at my local jewelermuch thanks"damian a (august-21-2006) "i want to write and tell you how pleasantly shocked i was at my purchase from you all. first you have to understand i was very worried about ordering an engagement rings off the internet but i wanted to give her a ring and on a budget the net was the most attractive option. so when i ordered the ring i was scared. then i called to check on the order and was told that it would take 5-7 days and i explained i did not know that i wanted it to propose on saturday, this was thursday. the customer service rep told me to hold she would contact the factory and then she came back and made my day saying it would ship that night for the net day as i had paid for the next day. then on friday i did finally get the ring and i was like nice very good. i proposed on saturday and she keeps telling me how much she loves the ring and how happy she is with the ring. i wanted to write and let you know i was scared at first and now i would buy what ever i can from you all and this was an excellent experiencethank you all very much"robert s. (august-11-2006) "dear world jewels; regarding my recent order-just a note of thanks. the telephone rep that took the order was professional, courteous and made me feel comfortable about the order. it arrived on time as promised. my wife loves the piece."steven l. (august-2-2006) "thank you for exchanging my diamond ring. i have received the replacement and am very pleased. thank you again for being patient with me. i will definitely recommend your company to friends."patricia h. (august-1-2006) "dear worldjewelsthis is the first ring that i have got from you guys and it looks amazing. i really like it i hope my girlfriend says yes. i will recommend you to everyone that i know. your customer service was great i called to get my ring next day and it was no problem.thank you worldjewels.net"charles e. (july-31-2006) "i spoke with maricel. very nice and friendly and answered all my questions and is getting the order processed. hats off to maricel!"lezlie r. (july-26-2006) "thank you!, i received my order. you all are great. my special thanks to sherille and maricel; fine young ladies were most helpful and patient with me. have a great day. i will be doing business again with your outstanding company."charles h. (july-21-2006) "thank you so much for the prompt reply. i have always had the bes customer service from you guys.sincerely," sahibzada (july-20-2006) "maricel, thank you so much for wonderful customer service. paul’s wedding band was delivered yesterday and today at lunch fed ex delivered my rings. the ring is everything i pictured, it is beautiful. again thank you for your kindness and keeping an eye on the orders."frances s. (july-20-2006) "i just received my order on tuesday july 18th. i just wanted to thank everyone who participated in getting my order to me as quickly as it did. again thank you for the quick turn around and my future wife and i are very grateful and pleased.thank you,"christopher m. (july-18-2006) "my fiance & i would like to thank you over& over again for our order that we received very promptly. we absolutely love the rings. i think you take a chance when ordering anything online, but this was a chance well worth it. the rings are splendid. more than we expected. thank you again."larry p. (july-15-2006) "we received our ring today. just wanted to let you know that we are very pleased with them. they are as good or better than what we looked for at the jewelery stores. be assured that we will let others know about you.thank you,"linda w. (july-6-2006) "hi,i received the earrings today. they look good.thanks"henry c. (july-5-2006) "received the rings today—they look great!"kellaney g. (july-5-2006) "dear sir/madamthe ring in the above referenced order arrived safely on june29 and my wife is well pleased with it. it is a lovely ring, and i appreciate your special efforts to get it to me in time for the special occasion which it commemorates.thank you very much."john s. (june-30-2006) "hi,thank you for the prompt delivery of the ring and my sister was thrilled with the beautiful ring. she was so excited to have gotten the ring as a surprise for her 25th anniversary."wendy d. (june-27-2006) "world of jewels, thank you so much, it has been a pleasure doing business with your company, and your web service was even more enjoyable.again thank you"uriah w. (june-26-2006) "thank you so much for assisting me with the delivery of the wedding band. i received it yesterday. o f course, it was essential and very important that i had this ring in time for the most important day of my life! thank you so much.your assistance in this is greatly appreciated!"felicia p. (june-24-2006) "to whom it may concern:the ring arrived today they are absolutely beautiful and perfect. thank you for your wonderful service and prompt shipping!sincerely,"maribel & robert (june-20-2006) "it arrived this morning. nice job people!!!!!!!!!i will be back for more items as the need arises!!!!!!!!"bernard h. (june-18-2006) "folks,very nice jewelry. many thanks."rb (june-13-2006) "thanks for your reply. it’s a beautiful ring. thank you."doug h. (june-13-2006) "to all that helped to make the shipping of the engagement ring invoice xxxxx216, maraming salamat po!"stan l. (june-9-2006) "hello, thanks for the beautiful ring. thanks for your help."larry (june-6-2006) "i received the earrings on saturday, june 3 (picked them up from fedex facility). they are absolutely beautiful!thank you"julie (june-3-2006) "we received the ring and it is beautiful…thank you so much for creating such a beautiful ring…"lisa k. (may-26-2006) "i received my ring today, it looks great.thanks"david n. (may-26-2006)"thank you for you fast shipping. the ring is beautiful and think she will be very happy.sincerely,"russell r. (may-24-2006) "dear world of jewelsi have received my ring and they are gorgeous, thank you very much!sincerely,"bryan k. (may-24-2006) "k-152 & v-29 are beautiful.thank you,"tristan b. (may-23-2006) "thank you world jewels! you are the best! i received my order just in time. thank you again,sincerely,"sergey f. (may-22-2006) "let me just say deeply appreciate all your assistance in this matter. my mother has received my order.sincerely,joseph h. (may-16-2006) "hi there,i received the earrings today, just in time for mother’s day. i love them and will wear them a lot.thanks,"elizabeth c. (may-9-2006) "just wanted to let you know that i got my ring yesterday and it’s just perfect!! it looks wonderful and fits to boot! thank you for all your trouble and i would definitely recommend your site to my family and friends…and in fact, already have! thanks again…"melanie b. (may-4-2006) "the order has arrived this evening. we love the rings. thank you.sincerely, "bobby p. (april-27-2006) "thank you very much i love the ring"stella b. (april-24-2006) "thank you, i have received my order today at 6:30pm in good condition and it is very beautiful. my girl friend will be so happy on her birthday. thank you again for you business."joseph f. (april-24-2006) "i received it today and it is absolutely beautiful! worth the wait.thanks, "beth r. (april-13-2006) "first of all i would like to say the ring k-79 is a very beautiful ring, the craftsmanship and quality is fabulous. the diamonds and center stone shine brilliantly. my fiancé is very happy with her engagement ring. i would also like to say thank you to your customer service representatives. my experience with your organization has been a pleasant one.thanks world of jewels, "naseer m. (april-10-2006) "thank youi thought this ring was beautiful when i viewed it online but in person it was awesome! thank you very much it was worth the wait. "loverso w. (april-7-2006) "i love it! it looks even better than the photo and matches my engagement ring perfectly.thank you, "darcie c. (april-4-2006) "i received the ring i ordered today and it is what i expected, very nice!thank you again!will do all my ordering from your company now on! "wayne m. (april-4-2006) "i would like to say thank you i open the package as i was driving and when i opened the box i kid you not the words that came out of my mouth was holy f$%^ing s#$% i was so happy and pleased with the order and the quality of service you have lived up to your name of world jewelers thank youp.s. i will be ordering from you again!sincerely, "chiffon g. (april-3-2006) "thank you so much for the fast service! take care!"janice s. (march-27-2006) "i am writing in response to two(2)rings that i received from you. they were ww-16. i want to let you know how truly happy my husband and i are with the quality and value of the rings. we have been looking for some time now, and nothing has even compared to what we received from you. the quality is much better than we even expected. thank you so much. we are very pleased. please pass this on to whoever would benefit from hearing this, and again thank you very much!"diane h. (march-26-2006)"the earrings arrived and are absolutely beautiful and perfect for my two daughters. thank you for your wonderful service and prompt shipping!sincerely, "roberta (march-24-2006) "just wanted to let you know our rings arrived and we are very pleased with them. these rings are exactly like intrigue by artcarved, which were what we wanted. thank you for your promptness in taking care of our order.thank you, "beverly c. (february 28-2006) "the ring is beautiful! it was given to my daughter 12-22-05 and she loves it. they would like for you to make a wedding band to go with the engagement ring. as the mother of the bride i thank you for your beautiful work and trust you will be able to create a beautiful band to go with the engagement ring.again thank you, "ann c. (february-24-2006) "thank you so much! i must say your company works in a timely manner! that was great turn around! excellent!"tonya g. (february-13-2006) "just want to thank you very much for taking care of me with such excellence. from now on you are my favorite jeweler.thank you again, "tom k. (february-9-2006) "dear world jewels,thank you for the speedy delivery and fantastic ring that i received. the excellent service and prices are hard to believe and i will recommend you to everyone i know! my wife will be thrilled with her ring and i know i will be the envy of her office!"mark g. (february-9-2006) "i received my order and would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart and my wife’s also. it was very nice doing business with you, i surely will come back and refer all my friends to your company.best regards, "e. momar d. (january-29-2006) "hi. my dad just presented the beautiful diamond solitaire ring we bought from you and she was brought to tears. it is their 63rd anniversary and she had lost her original engagement ring years ago. i must thank you for such a wonderful product at such an affordable price. i will most certainly purchase from you again. i am spreading the word of how great your products are. you made our day!!!!!!thanks,"val m. (september-10-2005) "i received my fiancee’s wedding band today and wanted to let you know how pleased i am with it. not only is it exactly what you promised, you got it here so fast that i was surprised when it arrived today. thanks you again for your wonderful service and the rest assured that i will be singing your praises to all who will listen!sincerely, "lynn s. ( july-5-2005) "dear worldjewels,i truly would like to thank you for all you have done. when i saw the diamond i was blown away!! thank you so much. char was extremely kind and helpful.thanks "collin (july-3-2005) "geetings-i just wanted to drop you a note to say "thank you"!!! we received the ring yesterday and it is absolutely beautiful. it’s been a pleasure working with you and we look forward to buying with you again in the future.regards, "catherine c. (july-2-2005) "dear world jewels-i wanted to take a moment and thank you for such fantastic work. my ring is gorgeous!! i received it today and immediately went to a jeweler to get my stone set. it ’s breath taking… i will highly recommend your company to my peers and friends.thank you! "josie b. (june-30-2005) "hello!i am writing in regards to a ring i ordered on 6/27. i ordered this ring on behalf of my 20 year old son who is proposing to his girlfriend tomorrow evening. he had picked out a ring @ wal mart which was $300.00+. i began looking on line to see what i could find. (he is a college student and is working full time $ is an issue) i found this ring on your website, he loved it! he was little nervous about what it would like in person and very nervous about receiving it today ( i requested nda delivery) i just received the ring and i wanted kiss the fedex guy when he arrived @ my door! (my son has called me from school 1,0000!!! times to see if it had gotten here!) i am writing to thank you for the beautiful ring! it is perfect for what he wanted and great for $199.00! you have made a poor college boy very happy!! i am a business person myself and just wanted you to know i (we) greatly appreciate your services! i will be recommending you to my friends. he will be back when he can afford something a little "bigger"! have a good 4th of july holiday!!sincerely, "shelley w. (june-29-2005) "received in the mail yesterday, thank you for your prompt service."asm ( june-24-2005) "received the ring yesterday and just wanted to tell you how absolutely beautiful it is. i was blown away!thank you from a happy customer "beth s. (june-24-2005) "thank you for the beautiful ring. it arrived yesterday. i appreciate your prompt responses to my e-mails and questions. i am awaiting the shipping refund of $20 and then we will be done. i am so pleased with this ring that i will recommend you to my friends and family.thanks "laurel m. (june-22-2005) "thank you so much i received the ring and my fiance and i was very pleased, could you please send us the free certificate of appraisal."d.winston and v. byfield (june-15-2005) "i want to thank you very much for your work. i received the ring friday and am pleased with it. i will have it appraised by my jeweler here next week and as long as the ring is what it was represented to be i will keep it and be satisfied.sincerely, "michael a sena. (june-12-2005) "greetings world jewels,i thank you once again for your business.best regards, "racquel estreller (june-12-2005) "i received the ring on friday and it looks wonderful. thank you very much. i look forward to doing more business with you in the near future."brent s. (may-31-2005) "to whom it may concern:i would just like to thank you for getting my order to me on a timely basis and at a different shipping address than the original. the ring is beautiful and was a "hit" when given as a gift."bob f. (may-21-2005) about us who is worldjewels? contact us join our newsletter help track your order faq order history shop silver tunsten titanium learn color, cut, clarity how to choose diamond faq toll free: 1-888-967-5353 customerservice@worldjewels.com copyright © 1998-2015 world jewels • all rights reserved legal | disclaimer | terms and conditions