来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171214065915/https://www.worldjewels.com/terms-conditions/
================================================================================

terms and conditions - worldjewels order now: 888.967.5353 free shipping on all orders free gift box with every order shopping bag (0) sign in my account engagement rings engagement rings solitaire rings side-stone halo design three stone rings wedding sets top 10 engagement rings testimonials wedding diamond bands gold bands eternity bands anniversary bands gemstone bands his & hers semi mounts earrings stud earrings diamond earrings for men men's diamond rings wedding bands diamond wedding bands pendants bracelets gemstones help testimonials faq customer service contact us about us call us toll-free: 888.967.5353 welcome to world of jewels  website (the "site") worldjewels.com or worldjewels.net. the terms "you", "your", and "yours" refer to the customer/purchaser utilizing our site(s). the terms "world of jewels" "worldjewels.com/net", "we", "us", and "our" refer to world of jewels,we reserve the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time and to revise these terms and conditions from time to time as we see fit. if you violate the terms of this agreement you will have your access canceled and you may be permanently banned from using the site and any interactive services. you should check these terms and conditions periodically. by using the site after we post changes to these terms and conditions, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them. entering the site will constitute your acceptance of these terms and conditions. if you do not agree to abide by these terms, please do not enter the site. at this time worldjewels.com/net does not permit comparison purchasing. we do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or religion. we have the right to cancel your order without any reason and refund your money.privacy please review our privacy and security statement, which also governs your visit to the site, to understand our practices. copyright you may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part.  you may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute in any way content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other propriety right. site access you may not download (other than page caching) or modify the site or any portion of it, without our express, written consent. this includes: a prohibition on any resale or commercial use of the site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, pictures, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of the site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; and any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. the site or any portion of the site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express, written consent. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of worldjewels.com/net  without our express, written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express, written consent. your account if you use the site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of my account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under my account or password. we and our affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion. risk of loss all items purchased from us are shipped with fedex. all items are insured with fedex while their delivering. we are not reponsible for any loss after the customer receives the merchandise. after the customer receives the merchandise they are responsible to insure their diamond through their own insurance company. links we are not responsible for the content of any sites that may be linked to or from worldjewels.net/com. these links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. any other website accessed from the site are independent from worldjewels.com/net, and world of jewels. has no control over the content of that other website. in addition, a link to any other web site does not imply that world of jewels. or worldjewels.com/net endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such other website. disclaimers and limitations of liability the site is provided on an "as is," "as available" basis. neither world of jewels, worldjewels.net/com, nor each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors or the like (collectively, "associates") warrant that use of the site will be uninterrupted or error-free. neither world of jewels inc., worldjewels.net/com, nor its associates warrant the accuracy, integrity, or completeness of the content provided on the site or the products or services offered for sale on the site. further, we make no representation that content provided on the site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the united states. world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net specifically disclaims warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability. no oral advice or written information given by world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net or its associates shall create a warranty. you expressly agree that the use of the site is at your sole risk. under no circumstances shall world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net or its associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained at the site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net records, programs or services. the foregoing limitation of liability shall apply whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, even if an authorized representative of world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. you hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through the site. because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law. prices and availability of products on the site are subject to change without notice. all of our merchandise, the diamond weight could be less or more then what is stated on our site. errors will be corrected when discovered, and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has been submitted and shipped). although we take steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of products that are posted on the site. online conduct you agree to use world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net only for lawful purposes. you are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through  world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law. if we are notified of allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive content provided by you (e.g., through an author chat or online review),  world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net may investigate the allegation and determine in its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such content from the site. we may disclose any content or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate  world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of  world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net, its associates, and you. we reserve the right to prohibit conduct, communication, or content that it deems in its sole discretion to be unlawful or harmful to you,  world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net, or any rights of  world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net  or any third party. not withstanding the foregoing, neither world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net nor its associates can ensure prompt removal of questionable content after online posting. accordingly, neither world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net, nor any of their officers, directors, employees, or agents, nor associates assumes any liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication, or content on worldjewels.com/net.termination of usage we may terminate your access or suspend your right to access to all or part of the site, without notice, for any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or is harmful to the interests of another user, associates, or world of jewels, worldjewels.net/com. in addition, we reserve the right to refuse an order from any customer at our sole discretion. usage by children under 18 we cannot prohibit minors from visiting the site. we must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising children under 18 to decide which materials are appropriate for such children to view and/or purchase. we require that all purchases be made either (i) by individuals 18 years of age or older, or (ii) by minors with the permission of their parent or guardian for such minors to purchase items on the site and for the collection by us of certain information in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy. each time you purchase a product at  world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net, you are representing to world of jewels, worldjewels.net/com. that you are either an individual 18 years of age or older, or that you have the express permission of a parent or guardian for you to make purchases and for us to collect certain information about you in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy. applicable law by visiting the site, you agree that the laws of the state of california, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and  world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net.disputes user agrees to pay all charges to credit card from world of jewels. this is what the charge to your credit card will read not worldjewels.com/net.any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the site or to products you purchase through the site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in los angeles, ca., except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate world of jewels, worldjewels.net/com intellectual property rights, world of jewels, worldjewels.com/net may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of california, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the american arbitration association. the arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. site policies, modification and severability please review our other policies, such as our privacy policy, posted on the site. these policies also govern your visit to  worldjewels.net/com. we reserve the right to make changes to the site, policies, and these terms and conditions at any time. if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. worldjewels.com/net550 south hill st suite 850los angeles, ca 90013 about us who is worldjewels? contact us join our newsletter help track your order faq order history shop gold silver tungsten titanium learn color, cut, clarity how to choose diamond faq toll free: 1-888-967-5353 customerservice@worldjewels.com copyright © 1998-2016 world jewels • all rights reserved legal | disclaimer | terms and conditions