来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229033109/http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/dtc-shared/customer-service/frequently-asked-questions/frequently-asked-questions.aspx
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - duluth trading company get email offers my account shopping cart (0) no bull guarantee800.505.8888customer service men'swomen'sshirts shirts » t-shirts polos turtlenecks henleys sweaters button up shirts sweatshirts new arrivals shop shirts pants pants » work pants jeans casual pants lined pants overalls shorts sweat pants shop pants outerwear outerwear » jackets vests fleece pants & overalls sport coats hats & gloves shop outerwear underwear underwear » boxers & briefs undershirts long underwear loungewear socks shop underwear accessories accessories » boots & shoes work boots shoes casual boots & shoes accessories socks work gloves hats & caps belts suspenders bags & briefcases wallets & money clips more accessories watches glasses pocket knives handkerchiefs mobile device storage shop accessories workshop workshop » tools cutting & finishing tools measuring & marking tools drivers & drill accessories hammers & prying tools multi-tools & tool kits flashlights gadgets knives quick fix tool bags & belts tool bags tool belts aprons & shop coats truck & car organization seat protection safety & accessories shop supplies work clothes work vests work pants shop coats shop aprons safety first aid eye safety knee, joint & back new arrivals shop workshop gifts & gear gifts & gear » gifts for him gifts for her gift cards & bags stocking stuffers truck & car organization seat protection safety & accessories outdoor gear garden gear skin care shaving body & skin care books dog stuff toys & games new arrivals shop gifts & gear sale sale » catalog specials just reduced shirts pants outerwear underwear accessories workshop gifts & gear clearance countdown all clearance shop sale men's home » customer service » faqs customer service email offers signup contact us free catalogs signup shipping information check/track orders easy returns no bull guarantee privacy & security faqs frequently asked questions ordering 1. how can i place my order? 2. what payment methods can i use? 3. your shipping costs seem high. why? 4. when will my package arrive? 5. what shipping methods can i choose from? 6. what is expedited shipping and how does it work? 7. how do i ship to different addresses on the same order? 8. can you ship to an international address? 9. will i always receive an email confirmation of my order?10. is there a way i can track my order online?11. can part or all of my order be gift wrapped? returns1. what is your no bull guarantee? 2. how do i return something to duluth trading? 3. can i exchange the products i ordered for different ones? 4. how long will it take my return to be processed so i can receive my credit? 5. can i track the progress of my return? 6. how do i contact customer service? products1. i have a suggestion for a new product. who should i contact? 2. why aren’t more of your products “made in usa”? 3. can you send me a sample fabric swatch so i can see the color and feel the material? 4. how can i determine the right size to order in your apparel? 5.	what do the fit icons in your catalog and on your website mean? 6. what is duluth ingenuity? promotions1.	can i use more than one promotion on the same order? 2. how do i get the special offers shown in my catalog? 3. how do i use the offers that i receive in duluth trading emails? 4. how do i receive that special offer found on the card in my last duluth order? web 1.	how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? 2. how do i change the personal information in my online account? 3. i forgot my online account password! what should i do? 4.	can i make updates to size, color or quantity of items once they are in my cart? 5. where do i enter the promotional code i have when ordering online? 6. if i leave items in my cart and don’t purchase them, will they remain there until i return to the website? 7. how do i write a product review on your website? 8. can i view the items i have ordered in the past and what i paid for them? 9. how can i access my address book to change my shipping or billing address? 10. how do i add/remove/change things in my wish list? 11.	how can i subscribe to your email list to get exclusive offers? 12.	will any of my information ever be shared with anyone? other1. is there a duluth trading co. retail store that i can visit? 2. what if there is an error in the listed price online or in the catalog? 3. are all of your products included in every catalog? ordering 1. how can i place my order? you can place an order online through www.duluthtrading.com, order by telephone at 1-800-505-8888, by fax at 1-888-950-3199 or by mail to duluth trading company. top 2. what payment methods can i use? if you’re placing your order over the phone, on our website, or via fax, we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express credit cards. if you’re sending in a mail order, we accept the credit cards listed above or personal checks for the amount of your purchase. sorry, we are not able to accept cash payment for your order. top 3. your shipping costs seem high. why? our shipping costs include shipping, packaging materials, and processing your order –plus extra care and eagle-eyed attention to make sure we get your order just right. while our costs tend to be on par with most of our competitors, we can’t always compete in price with the biggest companies because we don’t ship in the same huge volumes they do. to see detailed information on our standard shipping rates, please click here. top 4. when will my package arrive? if you choose standard shipping your package should arrive between 7 – 10 business days. choosing expedited shipping will get your order delivered more quickly depending on which option you choose. please refer to question 6 for more information. top 5. what shipping methods can i choose from? here at duluth we offer standard shipping and expedited shipping. with standard shipping your order will arrive between 7 – 10 business days. with expedited shipping we offer 3rd day air, 2nd day air and overnight delivery methods for an extra cost. deliveries will occur monday – friday only. please call 1-800-505-8888 to request saturday delivery. for more detailed information on shipping methods please click here. top 6. what is expedited shipping and how does it work? we offer expedited shipping in three forms: 3rd day air, 2nd day air and overnight. in each case the order must be placed before 3:00 pm cst for the package to go out the same day it was ordered. for example, if you place an order on monday after 3:00 pm cst and choose 3rd day air, the package will ship on tuesday and arrive on friday. click here for cost information. expedited shipping refers to business day delivery only.  for example, if an order is placed on a thursday before 3:00 pm cst for 3rd day air, the package will arrive on tuesday. if it is placed after 3:00 pm cst on thursday, the package will not arrive until wednesday. saturday delivery is available in some areas. please contact a telephone sales agent before 3:00 pm cst to place your order, they can be reached by calling 1-800-505-8888. we are not able to expedite orders shipping to p.o. boxes, apo/fpo or international addresses. orders shipping to alaska and hawaii can be expedited via 2nd day air only. top 7. how do i ship to different addresses on the same order? when you order online, you can choose exactly to whom you would like each product sent. in the “send to” drop down menu on the product page, you can choose “myself” (which is the default option), or anyone else you have previously added. or, you can choose “add new” and enter someone new. after selecting your “send to” choice, just add the product to your cart and continue shopping. when you visit your cart to check out, your items will be neatly grouped by recipient. later on in the ordering process, you will be asked to enter a shipping address for yourself and any other people you have chosen to ship to on your order. simply enter the desired shipping addresses, finish the ordering process, and the items you have chosen to ship to different addresses will be sent there – no extra charge! top 8. can you ship to an international address? yes! the best way to place your international order is through this website. once your order is received, we will calculate the applicable shipping charges for the order. an email will be sent to you outlining the charges including shipping and processing. the email will ask you to verify your billing and shipping address and give us approval to go ahead and ship the order. if you approve, your order will be processed and delivery should occur within 4-6 business days. top 9. will i always receive an email confirmation of my order? if you are ordering from our website, you are required to enter an email address as part of the ordering process. an order confirmation email will be sent to this address once your online order is complete. you will also get an email with shipping information once the order ships from our warehouse. if you are not ordering from our website and would like to receive a confirmation email, please call our sales number at 1-800-505-8888 to set up your account and provide your email address over the phone. top 10. is there a way i can track my order online? yes! just refer to your shipping confirmation email, where you will find a link to ups and the tracking number you can use on their site to track your package. more questions? just call our friendly phone representatives at 1-800-505-8888, or email us at customerservice@duluthtrading.com. top 11. can part or all of my order be gift wrapped? of course! (we know many of our customers are handy with a set of tools but not with ribbons and bows.) just choose the “package in a gift box” or “package in a gift bag” option (depending on the product) and we'll wrap your gift in tissue, put it in a handsome box or bag and finish it off with a striking red ribbon. we will also include a personalized, handwritten gift tag. we can only include one item per gift package, so please select the gift packaging option for each item you want wrapped up! aside from the gift-packaging fee of $6 per item, you will not be charged additional shipping and processing fees for gift-packaged orders, nor does it cost more to send gift-packaged items to more than one address in the same order. just be sure to designate the address to which you want the gift sent, (see #7) and we’ll get your gift off to its lucky recipient as soon as possible. top returns 1. what is your no bull guarantee? it’s just what you’d expect from duluth trading company: simple, unconditional, no nonsense, no bull. if you’re not 100% satisfied with any item you purchase, return it at any time for an exchange or refund of its purchase price. if you have any questions about a return, click here. top 2. how do i return something to duluth trading? it’s easy! just complete the return form on the packing list included in your order.  let us know how you want your return processed – exchange (an item for different size or color), refund (back to your original method of payment), or refund (to your original method of payment) and new order (for different items). if the original packing list isn’t available, don’t worry, you can get a printable version on our returns page. if you choose a refund instead of an exchange, your refund will be issued to your original method of payment (credit will be issued for credit card users and a refund check will be sent to check users). if your package contains an easy-does-it label (located on the bottom right, reverse side of your return form), use that label and you will pay no postage up front. a flat fee of $6.95 will be withheld from your refund once your return is processed. just stick the label onto your package, give the package to your mail carrier or drop it off at any u.s. post office or collection box. if your order was a gift (shipped to an address different from the billing address), if you paid by check, or if your order was delivered outside of the 48 contiguous states, a label is not included. in these cases, address your return to: duluth trading company – returns 170 countryside drive belleville, wi 53508 if you choose not to use the easy-does-it smart label or one was not enclosed, send your package to the above address using the shipper of your choice. you will be required to pay the shipper for postage fees. click here for more information on returns. top 3. can i exchange the products i ordered for different ones? yes! an exchange can be made for any item you are not completely satisfied with. just indicate that you would like to exchange your items on the packing slip/return form that you are sending back to us. your exchange will be processed upon receipt and we will send your new order to you with free shipping. if you are not exchanging your purchase for a new size or color of the same product, you will first be refunded the purchase price to your original payment method (not applicable to checks or money orders). then, you will be charged for your new order upon shipment, plus you will receive free shipping. if your original purchase was paid via check, we will simply use the funds from that original purchase to pay for the exchange. if you use an easy-does-it label to send back your exchange, you will need to include $6.95 to cover the cost of using that label. top 4. how long will it take my return to be processed so i can receive my credit? normally returns are processed within 48 hours of receipt. if you originally paid by credit card, your credit will be issued immediately; however, the amount of time it takes for the credit to appear in your records varies by credit card company. please allow one to two billing cycles for the refund to appear. if you paid by check, a refund should arrive within 7 – 10 business days. top 5. can i track the progress of my return? if your order came with an easy-does-it label and you used that to return your product, click here and enter your 16-digit order number located on the front of your packing slip on the top right corner if you returned your order without using an easy-does-it label, please refer to the tracking procedure of the shipping method you used. top 6.	how do i contact customer service? click here for a full list of duluth trading’s contact info. top products 1. i have a suggestion for a new product. who should i contact? although we are sure your idea is a great one, our legal team has advised us not to discuss product ideas with customers at this time. this is a precaution to avoid any complications should we already be working on a similar concept. top 2. why aren’t more of your products “made in the usa”? the unfortunate fact is that there are very few manufacturers in america that can make most of the products our customers want from us, at the kind of price most people are willing to pay. we’re not throwing in the towel yet though. we’re looking for every opportunity to source our goods here in this country. our main goal is to always give our customers the best products, the best service, and the best value for the money that we can. top 3. can you send me a sample fabric swatch so i can see the color and feel the material? we wish we could comply with your request, but swatching isn’t a service we currently offer. as a small company, we’re out to make our products with as much quality and efficiency as possible, and we just don’t have the fabric “extras” to share. however, if you would like to learn more about our fabrics, please visit our fabric guide. top 4. how can i determine the right size to order in your apparel? our men’s sizing chart and women’s sizing chart can show you how to measure and help you determine the best size to order. our clothes are designed with tradesmen in mind and don’t skimp on fit, so there is no need to size up when ordering. our men’s longtail t® line does include trim fit sizing, which fits 2" trimmer at shoulders and 4" trimmer at the chest and waist. to see how these fit differently, check out this video. top 5. what do all the fit icons in your catalog and on your website mean? click to see explanations of our women’s fit icons and men’s fit icons. top 6. what is duluth ingenuity? at duluth, we build products with unique and ingenious features to help you work harder, smarter and more comfortably. from the longtail t® to ballroom jeans to asset management, our work clothes give you more function for your money. click to learn about our men’s ingenuity and women’s ingenuity features. top promotions 1.	can i use more than one promotion on the same order? no. our goal is to offer strong promotions multiple times a year, often with substantial price breaks, even on our best-selling items. thus, promotional offers are not valid in combination with other offers. promotional offers are also not valid for use on prior purchases, or in the duluth trading store. top 2. how do i get the special offers shown in my catalog? first, simply locate the offer code on the back of your catalog. second, if placing an order online, please enter the code at checkout or at duluthtrading.com/promo. if calling in your order, please tell the telephone sales representative your offer code and the promotion will be applied to your order. if you are faxing or mailing in your order, write your offer code on the special offer code line located on the order form. top 3. how do i use the offers that i receive in duluth trading emails? click through the email and it will take you to our website, where the promotion will automatically be applied. as an alternative, you can search the fine print at the bottom of the email for our offer code. after you have retrieved the code, follow the same instructions as the catalog offer code for online, mail, fax or over-the-phone ordering and your promotion will be applied! top 4. how do i receive that special offer found on the card in my last duluth order? simply locate the offer code on the in-package offer card and follow the same instructions as the catalog offer code for online, mail, fax or over-the-phone ordering and your promotion will be applied. top web 1.	how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? an online account can only be created when you order something through our website. during the ordering process, after you enter in any shipping addresses, you will be asked to enter your email address and there will be an option to “create an online account”. if you create a password and enter it into this section, an account will automatically be created for you. this will be useful later on for tracking order histories, accessing account information, and referencing items for future purchase. in addition, you can manage all emails from duluth trading company to receive special offers and promotions given only to our online purchasers. top 2. how do i change the personal information in my online account? to change any personal information you have entered into your online account, please first log in to my account. within the my account menu, you can access “account address” which allows you to change your primary account and billing address. to change your online account email address or password, access the “account email” and “account password” pages and follow the instructions to change your account email address or password. the “address book” page allows you to edit any shipping addresses and phone numbers you have previously entered for yourself or others. you can also access “email preferences”, where you can change what emails you want to receive or unsubscribe from our email list. top 3. i forgot my online account password! what should i do? never fear, we’ve made it easy to retrieve a forgotten password. just enter your email address in the my account login screen and click on the link under “forgot your password?”. your password will immediately be sent to the email address you have entered so you can breathe easy again. top 4. can i make updates to size, color or quantity of items once they are in my cart? once items are in your cart, the only changes you can make are to remove the item(s), update the quantity you wish to buy or add gift packaging. to remove an item from your cart, just click “delete” under the remove column.  to update the quantity, enter the number you wish to purchase and click “update qty”. to add gift packaging, click the “package this item in a gift box (or bag)” option. to change the color or size of an item you must go back to the product’s page and choose the size or color you desire, add that item to your cart, and then remove the item with the size and color that you wanted to change. top 5. where do i enter the promotional code i have when ordering online? lucky you! if you have a promotional code, there are various places that this can be entered so that the promotion is applied. you can enter your code at www.duluthtrading.com/promo and then begin shopping. your code will be automatically applied to your order. you can enter your code on the cart page in the “catalog/offer code” section and click “apply” to activate your code. if you forgot to enter your promotional code on the promo page or the cart page, you can also enter your code on the last checkout page (review and pay). top 6. if i leave items in my cart and don’t purchase them, will they remain there until i return to the website? if you leave items in your cart and leave the duluth website, the items will remain in your cart for up to 30 days provided you are going back to the website from the same computer and same browser (given you have not cleared the cookies from your computer). leaving items in your cart does not mean that you are “holding” them and it is possible that the items could be sold out when you return to your cart. top 7. how do i write a product review on your website? to enter your review of any of our products, go to the product page and click on “write a review” under the star rating of the product. follow the instructions for entering information into the product review page before submitting. please focus on the performance and quality of the product while writing your review. occasionally, we will send an offer to write a product review in exchange for free shipping on your next purchase. watch your email for these offers and take advantage. it’s a great way to save a few bucks while helping to educate your fellow customer about our products. top 8. can i view the items i have ordered in the past and what i paid for them? yes, there is an easy way to view both of those things! in the my account menu, there is an option for “order history” and “items purchased”. “order history” will show you the details of each order you have submitted on our website including order number, order date, ship date, payment method, order status, which items you purchased, price of each item, any discounts and the total amount paid. “items purchased” will show you a list of the items you have purchased, organized chronologically. it will show you a short description of the item and either allow you to go to that item’s page within our website or let you know that the item is no longer available. top 9. how can i access my address book to change my shipping or billing address? your address book is located in the my account menu. it allows you to create a list of family, friends and other shipping contacts that you can easily attach to future orders during the checkout process. to change or remove any of the addresses you have already entered in your address book, just click the “edit address” button under the address you want to change or remove. to add a new address, just select the button next to “add a new address” and enter the information below. your "account billing address" shown in your address book will be the current primary billing address on your account, and is automatically updated whenever your billing address changes during orders. you may update your billing address in the “account address” section of my account, by placing a new order or contacting customer service. to set up a new default shipping address that is different from your primary account billing address, create a new address and check the "set as my default address" button before saving the new address. top 10.	how do i add/remove/change things in my wish list? as you shop our site, you can save items to your wish list with the "add to wish list" button located on all product pages. wish lists are handy for saving items for later purchase, or sending helpful hints to friends and family. to access your wish list, login to my account and select “wish list” from the menu. ready to purchase? simply choose "add to cart" on your wish list item. want to remove an item? select "remove item" beside your selection. to give family and friends some gift ideas, select “email your wish list” at the bottom of the page. top 11. how can i subscribe to your email list to get exclusive offers? signing up for our emails is a great way to take advantage of special email-only product deals and special offers. you can also win clothes, tools, clever gadgets and gift certificates by playing trivia or sending in your photo to our gotcha feature. to subscribe, simply follow this link to our email offer sign-up page and fill in your information and preferences and hit the "subscribe now" button. please note: your email address is never sold or shared - and we promise you'll find something useful in every edition. if not, you can opt out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email or click here to unsubscribe. to change your information, access “email preferences” in the my account menu, which allows you to change what emails you want to receive or unsubscribe from our email list. top 12.	will any of my information ever be shared with anyone? please refer to our privacy policy for any information you may need. still have questions? call our customer service line at 1-877-382-2345. top other 1. is there a duluth trading co. retail store that i can visit? yes! our first ever retail store is located in downtown mt. horeb, wisconsin at 100 west main street. it features a majority of the products we offer in the catalog and online. it’s a great place to see, feel and try on our one-of-a-kind products for yourself before you purchase. plus, our store features an extra, added attraction: the wally keller tool museum. a collection of farm and industrial tools from the 1860’s to 1960’s that offers a fascinating glimpse into a bygone era of american craftsmanship. top 2. what if there is an error in the listed price online or in the catalog? duluth trading company reserves the right to correct any pricing errors that may occur on our website, through email offers or in our catalog. top 3. are all of your products included in every catalog? not by a long shot! make sure to check out this website often for our full range of products, including new arrivals for men and women every month. top men's home » customer service » faqs customer service contact us no bull guarantee shipping info order status returns & exchanges privacy & security faqs get our free catalogs shopping help sizing charts big & tall sizes fabric info gift cards gift services wish list about our site get our email offers inside duluth duluth lore flagship store our trades panel notes from the field careers duluth in the news duluth trivia duluth ads duluth ingenuity longtail t-shirts fire hose workwear ballroom jeans buck naked underwear f.o.m. shirts no-polo shirts see all ingenuity product videos collections everyday workwear small business casual cast iron twill flannel grab outerwear top picks new arrivals duluth trading company's no bull guarantee if you are not 100% satisfied with any item you purchase from duluth trading, return it to us at any time for an exchange or refund of its purchase price. simple, unconditional, no nonsense, no bull. customer service | contact us | site map | 800-505-8888 © copyright duluth trading company. all rights reserved.