来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161227174500/http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/dtc-shared/customer-service/frequently-asked-questions/frequently-asked-questions.aspx
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - duluth tradingmenwomenno bull guaranteecustomer servicefind a storeopen todayship to store free!store detailssee more storesmy accountmy accountorder historywish listsign out0 itemsbestsellersbuck naked underwearfire hose workwearlongtail t shirtsfree swingin' flannelballroom jeansalaskan hardgearshoreman's fleecesouped-up sweats fire hose dt bagsno b.s. business wearmade in the usabig & tall clothingnew arrivalstop picksshirtst-shirtsbutton-down shirts flannel shirtspolo shirts henleyssweatshirtssweaters & turtlenecksshirt jacsbig & tall shirts trim fit shirtsshop all shirtspantswork pantsjeanscasual pantssweatpantslined pantsoverallsshortsbig & tall pantscrouchstrophobiashop all pantsunderwearboxers & briefsbuck naked nationundershirtssocksbase layersloungewearbig & tall underwear shop all underwearouterwearjackets & coats vestsshirt jacs rainwearpants & overallshats & headwear glovesbase layerssport coatsbig & tall outerwearshop all outerwearfootwearbootsshoessocks accessoriesshop all footwearaccessoriesbeltssuspendersbags & luggagewallets hats & headwear gloveslunch coolerssunglasseswatches shop all accessoriesworkshoptoolstool bags & beltsknivesshop suppliesshop all workshopgifts & gearsanta's picksstocking stufferskids' clothingtoys & booksapothecarytruck & cardog gear outdoor geargift cardsshop all gifts & gearsaleclearanceshop all salemen's home / customer service / faqscustomer servicecontact usemail offers signupfree catalogs signupshipping informationtax disclosurecheck/track orderseasy returnsno bull guaranteeprivacy & securityfaqs filter frequently asked questions ordering & shipping how can i place my order? what payment methods can i use? do you accept paypal? your shipping and processing rates seem high. why? what shipping methods can i choose from? what is expedited shipping and how does it work? when will my package arrive? how do i ship to different addresses on the same order? can you ship to an international address? will i receive an email confirmation when my order ships? how do i track my order online? can part or all of my order be gift wrapped? can i make changes to my order once it has been placed? returns what is your no bull guarantee? how do i return something to duluth trading? what if i'm returning a gift? can i exchange the products i ordered for different ones? how long will it take my return to be processed so i can receive my credit? can i track the progress of my return? how do i contact customer service for return questions? products how do i share product feedback? are any of your products made in the usa? can you send me a sample fabric swatch so i can see the color and feel the material? how can i determine the right size to order? what do all the fit icons in your catalog and on your website mean? do you sell gift cards? promotions can i use more than one promotion on the same order? how do i get the special offers shown in my catalog? how do i use the offers that i receive in duluth trading emails? how do i receive that special offer found on the card in my last duluth order? web how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? how do i change the personal information in my online account? i forgot my online account password! what should i do? can i make updates to size, color or quantity of items once they are in my cart? where do i enter the promotional code i have when ordering online? if i leave items in my cart and don't purchase them, will they remain there until i return to the website? how do i write a product review on your website? can i view the items i have ordered in the past and what i paid for them? how can i access my address book to change my shipping or billing address? what is a wish list and how does it work? how do i add, remove or change items in my wish list? how can i subscribe to your email list to get exclusive offers? will any of my information ever be shared with anyone? how do i store my credit or debit card information? why do i have to input my credit or debit card number in again, even though i chose to save it previously? can i chat online with a customer service representative? other is there a duluth trading co. retail store that i can visit? what if there is an error in the listed price online or in the catalog? are all of your products included in every catalog? do you charge sales tax? do you have an affiliate program? ordering & shipping how can i place my order? you can place an order online through www.duluthtrading.com, by telephone at 1-866-300-9719, by fax at 1-888-950-3199 or by mail to duluth trading company p.o. box 200, belleville, wi 53508-0200. back to top what payment methods can i use? we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express credit cards. if you're placing an order through the catalog, we also accept personal checks, money orders and duluth trading gift cards. back to top do you accept paypal? sorry, we do not offer paypal as a payment option at this time. back to top your shipping and processing rates seem high. why? our shipping and processing charges include the costs for processing your order, handling and packaging for the products you have purchased, and delivering them to your designated recipients. plus extra care and eagle-eyed attention to make sure we complete your order right and on time. occasionally we will spring for free shipping and if you'd like to be notified of these events, you may want to sign up for our email offers. our email offers include information about product promotions, item giveaways and special offers, including free shipping. click here to sign up. back to top what shipping methods can i choose from? we have several shipping methods for you to choose from. see shipping information for options and costs. back to top what is expedited shipping and how does it work? we have two options for expedited shipping; 2nd day delivery and overnight shipping. see shipping information for options and costs. back to top when will my package arrive? this will be determined based on your shipping method. see shipping information for shipping methods and delivery timeframes. back to top how do i ship to different addresses on the same order? in your shopping cart, click the "change recipient" drop down menu to ship to anyone else that you have previously added as a recipient. or, you can select "add new" and create a new recipient. after making your "send to" selection, add the product to your cart and continue shopping. during the checkout process, you will be asked to enter a shipping address for yourself and any other people that you have chosen to ship items to with your order. simply enter the desired shipping addresses, finish the ordering process, and the items you have chosen to ship to different addresses will be sent at no extra charge! you cannot ship to multiple addresses on our mobile site. please call customer service if you need help placing an order delivering to multiple shipping addresses. back to top can you ship to an international address? yes! place your order online as usual and enter the overseas shipping address. once your order is received, we will calculate the applicable shipping charges for the order. an email will be sent to you outlining the charges including shipping and processing. the email will ask you to verify your billing and shipping address and give us approval to ship the order. if you approve, your order will be processed and delivery should occur within approximately 14 days. duties, taxes and brokerage fees are the responsibility of the purchaser and will be collected at time of delivery. if you have any questions, please call customer service at 1-866-300-9719. packages shipping to canada will be shipped via the united states postal service. transit time is approximately 6-10 business days. duties and taxes are the responsibility of the purchaser. back to top will i receive an email confirmation when my order ships? yes, if your email address is on file with us, we will send you a confirmation email with your tracking information once your order has shipped. you will also receive an order confirmation via email when you complete an order online. back to top how do i track my order online? if your order is arriving standard shipping, ups ground or expedited shipping go to www.ups.com. enter the tracking number from the shipping confirmation email you received from duluth trading. you'll see the progress of your order and its estimated arrival date. if your order is arriving usps priority mail go to www.usps.com enter the tracking number from the shipping confirmation email you received from duluth trading. you'll see the progress of your order and its estimated arrival date. if you have any additional questions simply click here to send us an email. back to top can part or all of my order be gift wrapped? of course! (we know many of our customers are handy with a set of tools but not with ribbons and bows.) just choose the "package in a gift box" option in the shopping cart and we'll wrap your gift in tissue, put it in a handsome box or bag with a personalized gift tag. we can only include one item per gift package, so please select the gift packaging option for each item you want wrapped up! note: some products are not eligible for gift packaging so this option may not appear on certain items. aside from the gift-packaging fee of $6 per item, you will not be charged additional shipping and processing fees for gift-packaged orders, nor does it cost more to send gift-packaged items to multiple addresses in the same order. just be sure to designate the address to which you want the gift sent, (see #8) and we'll deliver your gift-wrapped item to its lucky recipient as soon as possible. back to top can i make changes to my order once it has been placed? we process our orders very quickly to get you your product as soon as possible. this means we are unable to change your order once it has been received. if you have questions about your order, please call a customer service representative at 1-866-300-9719. back to top returns what is your no bull guarantee? it's just what you'd expect from duluth trading company. if you're not 100% satisfied with any item you purchase, return it to us at any time for a refund of its purchase price. simple, unconditional, no nonsense, no bull. if you have any questions about a return, click here. back to top how do i return something to duluth trading? it's easy! just complete the return form on the packing list included in your order.  let us know how you want your return processed: exchange (an item for different size or color within one year of purchase), refund (back to your original method of payment), or refund and new order (for different items). if the original packing list isn't available, don't worry, you can get a printable version on our returns page. if you choose a refund instead of an exchange, your refund will be issued to your original method of payment (e.g., credit will be issued for credit card users and a refund check will be sent to check users). qualifying packages will contain an easy-does-it label (located on the bottom right, reverse side of your return form). use that label and you will pay no postage up front. a flat fee of $6.95 will be withheld from your refund once your return is processed. just stick the label onto your package, give the package to your mail carrier or drop it off at any u.s. post office or collection box. if your order was a gift (shipped to an address different from the billing address), if you paid by check, or if your order was delivered outside of the 48 contiguous states, a label is not included. in these cases, address your return to: duluth trading company - returns 515 commerce parkway verona, wi 53593 if you choose not to use the easy-does-it smart label or one was not enclosed, send your package to the above address above using the shipping method of your choice. you will be required to pay the shipper for postage fees. click here for more information on returns. back to top what if i'm returning a gift? if your order was a gift (or shipped to an address different from the billing address), you can return to: duluth trading company - returns 515 commerce parkway verona, wi 53593 refunds will be issued to the original pay method on the order unless you indicate it was a gift, in which case the refund will be issued to the giftee returning the product. back to top can i exchange the products i ordered for different ones? yes! within one year of purchase, an exchange can be made for any item with which you are not completely satisfied. just indicate that you would like to exchange your items on the packing slip/return form that you include in your return. upon receipt, your exchange will be processed and we will send your new order to you with free shipping. if you are exchanging your purchase for a new product (as opposed to the same product in a different size/color), you will first be refunded the purchase price to your original payment method (not applicable to checks, money orders, or replacements on orders more than a year old). you will then be charged for your new order upon shipment. as always free shipping is automatically applied on replacement orders being sent back out to you. if your original purchase was paid via check, we will simply use the funds from that original purchase to pay for the exchange. if you use an easy-does-it label to send back your exchange, you will need to include $7.99 to cover the cost of using that return label. back to top how long will it take my return to be processed so i can receive my credit? normally returns are processed within 48 hours of receipt. if you originally paid by credit card, your credit will be issued immediately; however, the amount of time it takes for the credit to appear in your records varies by credit card company. please allow one to two billing cycles for the refund to appear. if you paid by check, a refund should arrive within 7 - 10 business days. back to top can i track the progress of my return? if you used an easy-does-it label to return your product, click here and enter your 16-digit order number located on the front of your packing slip on the top right corner. if you returned your order without using any other return method, please refer to the tracking procedure of the shipping method you used. back to top how do i contact customer service for returns questions? customer service representatives are available at 1-866-300-9719, via email at returns@duluthtrading.com, or live chat (7 am to 8 pm ct weekdays and 8 am to 5 pm weekends). back to top products how do i share product feedback? good, honest feedback from customers is the number one way we can make duluth trading an even better place for everyone. to let us know what you think about any of our products simply click here to send us an email. back to top are any of your products made in the usa? we're 100% committed to domestically sourcing as many of our products as possible and we do our best to identify imported vs made-in-the usa items in our catalogs and on our website. we're also working toward bringing production of several of our best-selling items back to america. our goal is to bring you high-quality goods that also represent a great value. back to top can you send me a sample fabric swatch so i can see the color and feel the material? we wish we could comply with your request, but we currently do not provide sample fabric swatches. as a small company, we're out to make our products with as much quality and efficiency as possible, and we just don't have the fabric "extras" to share. back to top how can i determine the right size to order? our men's sizing chart and women's sizing chart can show you how to measure and help you determine the best size to order. our clothes are designed with tradesmen in mind and don't skimp on fit, so they don't skimp on fit and there is no need to size up when ordering. our men's longtail t® line does include trim fit sizing, which fits 2" trimmer at shoulders and 4" trimmer at the chest and waist. to see how these fit differently, check out this video. back to top what do all the fit icons in your catalog and on your website mean? click to see explanations of our women's fit icons and men's fit icons. back to top do you sell gift cards? yes! we have several gift card styles for men and women. cards are available in several denominations between $10 and $200. they can be redeemed for orders placed online, over the phone, through the mail or in our  retail locations. we'll even ship a card for free directly to the recipient if you like. you can find them here. back to top promotions can i use more than one promotion on the same order? we are only able to apply one promotion per order. our goal is to offer strong promotions multiple times a year, often with substantial price breaks, even on our best-selling items. as a result, promotional offers are not valid in combination with other offers. promotional offers are also not valid for use on prior purchases, or in the duluth trading store, unless clearly stated. back to top how do i get the special offers shown in my catalog? first, locate the offer code on the back of your catalog. second, if placing an order online, please enter the code at checkout or at www.duluthtrading.com/promo. if calling in your order, please tell the telephone sales representative your offer code and the promotion will be applied to your order. if you are faxing or mailing in your order, write your offer code on the special offer code line located on the order form. back to top how do i use the offers that i receive in duluth trading emails? click through the email and it will take you to our website, where the promotion will automatically be applied. alternatively, you can search the fine print at the bottom of the email for our offer code. after you have retrieved the code, follow the same instructions as the catalog offer code for online, mail, fax or over-the-phone ordering and your promotion will be applied! back to top how do i receive that special offer found on the card in my last duluth order? simply locate the offer code on the in-package offer card and follow the same instructions as the catalog offer code for online, mail, fax or over-the-phone ordering and your promotion will be applied. back to top web how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? an online account can only be created when you place an order through our website. during the ordering process you will be asked to enter your email address and there will be an option to "create an online account". if you enter a password and if the email address is not already associated with another account, an account will automatically be created for you once you place your order. this will be useful later on for tracking order histories, accessing account information, making checkout easier, and referencing items for future purchase. in addition, you can manage all of the emails from duluth trading company to receive special offers and promotions given only to our online purchasers. back to top how do i change the personal information in my online account? you will need to sign into your duluth trading account through the my account page. if you don't have an account yet, please see how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? above. use this list to understand where you can change specific information within the my account section. account address: edit your primary account and billing address account email: edit the email associated with your duluth trading account. account password: edit you account's password email preferences: change the email address where you receive our newsletters, set preferences for which emails you'd like to get, or unsubscribe from emails. address book: edit any shipping address and associated phone number order history: view your previously placed orders items purchased: view individual items you have ordered wish list: view your wish list, edit it, and send it to your friends log out: sign out of your account back to top i forgot my online account password! what should i do? never fear, we've made it easy to retrieve a forgotten password. just click "forgot password" on the my account login screen, enter your email address, and click the "reset password" button. you will immediately receive a single use link to reset your password. this link is only active for 2 hours. if your link expires, you can request a new link by resubmitting the forgot password form. back to top can i make updates to size, color or quantity of items once they are in my cart? once items are in your cart, you can remove item(s), update the quantity that you wish to purchase or add gift packaging. to remove an item from your cart, just click "delete" under the remove column. to update the quantity, enter the number you wish to purchase and click "update". to add gift packaging, click the "package this item in a gift box (or bag)" option. in order to change the color or size of an item, you must go back to the product's page and select the new size or color you desire, add that item to your cart, and then remove the item(s) you no longer wish to purchase. back to top where do i enter the promotional code i have when ordering online? lucky you! if you have a promotional code, there are various places that this can be entered so that the promotion is applied. you can enter your code at www.duluthtrading.com/promo and then begin shopping. your code will be automatically applied to your order, but may not activate until the requirements are met. you can enter your code on the cart page in the "catalog/offer code" section and click "apply" to activate your code. if you forgot to enter your promotional code on the promo page or the cart page, you can also enter your code on the review and pay checkout page. back to top if i leave items in my cart and don't purchase them, will they remain there until i return to the website? if you leave items in your cart and leave the duluth website, the items will remain in your cart for up to 30 days provided that you are going back to the website from the same computer and same browser (given you have not cleared the cookies from your computer). leaving items in your cart does not mean that you are "holding" them and it is possible that the items could be sold out when you return to your cart. back to top how do i write a product review on your website? to enter your review of any of our products, go to the product page and click on "write a review" at the top of the reviews section. follow the instructions for entering information into the product review page before submitting. please focus on the performance and quality of the product while writing your review. occasionally, we will send an offer to write a product review in exchange for free shipping on your next purchase. watch your email for these offers and take advantage. it's a great way to save a few bucks while helping to educate your fellow customer about our products. back to top can i view the items i have ordered in the past and what i paid for them? yes, there is an easy way to view both of those things! in the my account menu, there is an option for "order history" and "items purchased". "order history" will show you the details of each order associated with your email account including order number, order date, ship date, payment method, order status, which items you purchased, price of each item, any discounts and the total amount paid. online purchases made as a "guest" will not be displayed. "items purchased" will show you a list of the items you have purchased, organized chronologically. it will show you a short description of the item and either allow you to go to that item's page within our website or let you know that the item is no longer available. back to top how can i access my address book to change my shipping or billing address? your address book is located in the my account menu. it allows you to create a list of family, friends and other shipping contacts that you can easily attach to future orders during the checkout process. to change or remove any of the addresses that you have already entered in your address book, just click the "edit" button or the "delete" button (respectively) under the address you want to change or remove. to add a new address, just select the button next to "add a new address" and enter the information below. your "account billing address" shown in your address book will be the current primary billing address on your account and is automatically updated whenever your billing address changes during the ordering process. you may update your billing address in the "account address" section of "my account", by placing a new order or contacting customer service. to set up a new default shipping address that is different from your primary account billing address, create a new address and check the "set as my default address" button before saving the new address. back to top what is a wish list and how does it work? our wish list is a nice, easy way to store the items that you'd like for future reference. if an item is left on your wish list, it may not be available for purchase at a later date. when friends or family purchase an item off of your wish list, it does not "remove" the item from the wish list  this can only be done by the customer. our wish list is not the same as a gift registry. back to top how do i add/remove/change items in my wish list? as you shop our site, you can save items to your wish list with the "add to wish list" button located on all of the product pages. the wish list is a handy way to save items for later purchase or for sending helpful hints to friends and family. to access your wish list, login to my account and select "wish list" from the menu. ready to purchase? simply choose "add to cart" on your wish list item. want to remove an item? select "remove item" under "actions" on the item row you want to remove. to give family and friends some gift ideas, select "email your wish list" at the bottom of the page. make sure to set your wish list to public in order to let them see it. to make your wish list public, click the "edit settings" button on the wish list page, check the "allow others to see my wish list" checkbox and then click the "save info button" and you're all set. back to top how can i subscribe to your email list to get exclusive offers? signing up for our emails is a great way to take advantage of special email-only product deals and special offers. you can also win clothes, tools, clever gadgets and gift certificates by playing trivia or by sending in your photo to our gotcha or duluth real women features. to subscribe, simply follow this link to our email offer sign-up page, fill in your information and preferences and hit the "subscribe now" button. please note: your email address is never sold or shared - and we promise you'll find something useful in every edition. if not, you can opt out at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of every email or click here to unsubscribe. to change your information, access "email preferences" in the my account menu, which allows you to change what emails you want to receive or unsubscribe from our email list. back to top will any of my information ever be shared with anyone? please refer to our privacy policy for any information you may need. still have questions? contact customer service byemail or at 1-866-300-9719. back to top how do i store my credit or debit card information? there are two safe and secure ways to store your payment options on our website. the first way is to create a record in "my account" (after logging in) where you can edit all of your personal information. once in "my account", go to "payment options" and you can save and edit your stored payment option records for future use. the second way is to store the card information during the ordering process. if you are logged in or create a new account while ordering, you will see a checkbox labeled "please save my card for future purchases" on the last page in checkout. just check the box and the card information will be saved to your account once your order is successfully placed. back to top why do i have to input my credit or debit card number in again, even though i chose to save it previously? the credit card number has to be re-entered whenever any important information changes in order to make sure this is an authorized use of your account. we take this additional security step when you use this card to ship to an address for the first time or have recently edited your shipping address. back to top can i chat online with a customer service representative? yes! live chat is available online from 7 am to 8 pm ct weekdays and 8 am to 5 pm weekends. a live chat button appears at the bottom of most pages on the site, or at the top of pages while you're placing your order. chat may not be online if no agents are available. back to top other is there a duluth trading co. retail store that i can visit? yes! there are many. several of our retail stores are uniquely themed. read about the duluth trading company retail store locations here. back to top what if there is an error in the listed price online or in the catalog? duluth trading company reserves the right to correct any pricing errors that may occur on our websites, through email offers or in our catalog. back to top are all of your products included in every catalog? not by a long shot! make sure to check out this website often for our full range of products, including new arrivals for men and women every month. back to top do you charge sales tax? we are currently required to collect sales tax on applicable items shipped to wisconsin, minnesota, michigan, kentucky, south dakota, nebraska, iowa, illinois, massachusetts, pennsylvania, virginia, nevada, and missouri. in addition, wisconsin, minnesota, michigan, kentucky, nebraska, south dakota, illinois, massachusetts, pennsylvania, and nevada also require that we collect sales tax on shipping and processing charges on applicable items shipped to these states. click here to see important sales and use tax info regarding tax you may owe directly to kentucky, oklahoma, vermont or south dakota. back to top do you have an affiliate program? yes. we've partnered with avantlink.com sign up here. back to top men's home / customer service / faqs customer service contact usno bull guarantee track ordershipping returnsfaqs shopping help sizing charts & fit guideswish listcatalog requestsgift cards about us duluth loreour storesmeet the trades panelduluth womencareersinvestors keep up with duluth read the whatchamablogwatch our tv ads duluth trading company's no bull guaranteeif you are not 100% satisfied with any item you purchase from duluth trading, return it to us at any time for a refund of its purchase price. simple, unconditional, no nonsense, no bull.we're here to helpcustomer service | contact us | 866-300-9719view mobile site | customer service | contact us | site map© copyright duluth trading company. privacy & security all rights reserved. email addressu.s. zip code (optional)your email address is never shared. view privacy policy.