来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211229102554/https://www.duluthtrading.com/FAQs.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | duluth trading company manassas sign in close sign in sign in *email address *password forgot password? keep me signed in sign in or 0 free shipping on orders $50+ free shipping on orders $50 or more. $50 minimum order requirement applies to the order total before taxes, shipping, gift packaging or gift cards. valid on domestic standard delivery only. not valid in combination with other offers, for use on prior purchases or on purchases of gift cards. birthday deals end soon! days hrs min sec close manassas sign in close sign in sign in *email address *password forgot password? keep me signed in sign in or menu duluth trading co. search catalog search cancel find a store 0 back to menu men close men home men home shirts shirts view all t-shirts button-downs flannels henleys polos shirt jacs sweatshirts & fleece sweaters & turtlenecks big & tall underwear underwear view all boxers & briefs pattern boxers & briefs limited edition undershirts socks base layers loungewear big & tall pants pants view all work pants cargo pants shorts jeans active pants casual pants sweatpants overalls lined pants big & tall outerwear outerwear view all jackets & coats shirt jacs vests base layers rainwear pants & overalls big & tall accessories accessories view all hats & headwear belts wallets bags & luggage gloves suspenders eyewear big & tall footwear footwear view all work boots shoes socks slippers big & tall new arrivals apothecary best sellers gear kids' gear gift cards sale collections buck naked underwear longtail t shirts free swingin' flannels fire hose workwear ballroom jeans back to menu women close women home women home tops tops view all t-shirts tanks tunics button-downs flannels sweaters & turtlenecks sweatshirts & hoodies plus size bottoms bottoms view all work pants active pants casual pants noga pants shorts jeans overalls plus size underwear underwear view all undies pattern undies limited edition bras socks undershirts loungewear plus size outerwear outerwear view all jackets & coats vests rainwear base layers winter hats & scarves winter footwear plus size footwear footwear view all shoes boots slippers socks sandals accessories accessories view all bags & totes wallets belts hats & scarves gloves jewelry eyewear new arrivals plus dresses & skorts apothecary best sellers gear kids' gear gift cards sale collections no-yank collection noga performance workday warrior longtail t shirts lifetime leather bags fire hose workwear back to menu gear close gear home gear home tools & supplies tools & supplies view all gadgets & repair aprons tool bags flashlights & lighting knives knee pads & safety truck & car truck & car view all seat covers organization accessories outdoor & recreation outdoor & recreation view all outdoor gear sunglasses lawn & garden fishing & hunting books & games dog gear dog gear view all beds & crates jackets, leashes & collars toys & treats grooming travel bags & travel gear bags & travel gear view all work bags & backpacks luggage & duffels travel accessories crossbody bags tote bags lunch boxes & drinkware apothecary apothecary view all spit & polish body care beard care accessories new arrivals toys & games seasonal candy masks & gaiters fan gear kids' gear gift cards best sellers sale back to menu sale close shop all sale shop all sale men's sale men's sale view all underwear pants shirts outerwear footwear accessories alaskan hardgear clearance women's sale women's sale view all tops bottoms outerwear underwear footwear accessories plus clearance gear on sale gear on sale view all tools & gadgets dog gear bags & travel gear apothecary toys & books clearance under $20 $20 to $40 back to menu new close shop all new shop all new men's men's view all shirts accessories pants footwear underwear outerwear alaskan hardgear women's women's view all tops bottoms underwear outerwear footwear accessories plus gear gear view all tools & supplies truck & car dog gear outdoor gear food storage apothecary bags & travel gear outdoor & recreation gifts back to menu our story close our story our story lore ingenuity our community a store like no other our story gift card we stand by the craftsmanship and durability of our products. if you are not satisfied with any item you purchase from duluth trading, return it for a refund within one year. after one year, we will also consider returns for items that are defective or donâ€™t perform as designed. no bull means if something goes wrong, we will always treat you right. customer service +1-866- 300-9719 +1-866- 300-9719 search catalog search this site uses cookies. by continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our privacy policy accept & close home faqs your browser's javascript functionality is turned off.please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. frequently asked questions ordering & shipping what payment methods can i use? when will my package arrive? can i make changes to my order once it has been placed? your shipping and processing rates seem high. why? how can i place my order? how do i track my order online? can you ship to an international address? can part or all of my order be gift wrapped? what shipping methods can i choose from? will i receive an email confirmation when my order ships? what is expedited shipping and how does it work? when will my custom-built duluth trading pants arrive? returns what is your no bull guarantee? how do i return something to duluth trading? how long will it take my return to be processed so i can receive my credit? can i exchange the products i ordered? can i track the progress of my return? how do i contact customer service for return questions? what if i'm returning a gift? does duluth trading accept returns from duluth trading third-party dealers? can i return or exchange my custom pants? how do i return or exchange an item purchased using afterpay? products are any of your products made in the usa? can you send me a sample fabric swatch so i can see the color and feel the material? how do i share product feedback? how can i determine the right size to order? what do all the fit icons in your catalog and on your website mean? do you sell gift cards? are there restrictions to purchase a knife? what products are not eligible for purchase using afterpay? promotions can i use more than one promotion on the same order? how do i get the special offers shown in my catalog? how do i use the offers that i receive in duluth trading emails? how do i receive that special offer found on the card in my last duluth order? why are brands like keen®, bronwen®, duke cannon®, buff®, acorn®, kavu®, danner®, and born® excluded from deals and discounts? why is 40 grit excluded from discounts? why is best made company excluded from discounts? can i use a promotion or coupon code on duluth trading custom pants? web can i chat online with a customer service representative? how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? can i view the items i have ordered in the past and what i paid for them? how do i change the personal information in my online account? i forgot my online account password! what should i do? if i leave items in my cart and don't purchase them, will they remain there until i return to the website? how can i subscribe to your email list to get exclusive offers? how do i write a product review on your website? where do i enter the promotional code i have when ordering online? how can i access my address book to change my shipping or billing address? why do i have to input my credit or debit card number in again, even though i chose to save it previously? will any of my information ever be shared with anyone? how do i store my credit or debit card information? can i make updates to size, color or quantity of items once they are in my cart? other is there a duluth trading co. retail store that i can visit? do you have an affiliate program? what precautions is duluth taking to be safe during the covid-19 pandemic? do you charge sales tax? what if there is an error in the listed price online or in the catalog? are all of your products included in every catalog? answers ordering & shipping what payment methods can i use? we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express credit cards. we also accept paypal, afterpay, and duluth trading gift cards. back to top when will my package arrive? this will be determined based on your shipping method. see shipping information for shipping methods and delivery timeframes. if you have already placed an order, click here to see options for tracking your order. back to top can i make changes to my order once it has been placed? we process our orders very quickly to get you your product as soon as possible. this means we are unable to change your order once it has been received. if you have questions about your order, please call a customer service representative at 1-866-300-9719. back to top your shipping and processing rates seem high. why? our shipping and processing charges include the costs for processing your order, handling and packaging for the products you have purchased, and delivering them to your designated recipients. plus extra care and eagle-eyed attention to make sure we complete your order right and on time. occasionally we will spring for free shipping and if you'd like to be notified of these events, you may want to sign up for our email offers. our email offers include information about product promotions, item giveaways and special offers, including free shipping. click here to sign up. back to top how can i place my order? you can place an order online through www.duluthtrading.com or by telephone at 1-866-300-9719. we are no longer accepting mail-in order forms. please order online or call a customer service representative. back to top how do i track my order online? if your order is arriving standard shipping, ups ground or expedited shipping go to www.ups.com. enter the tracking number from the shipping confirmation email you received from duluth trading. you'll see the progress of your order and its estimated arrival date. if your order is arriving usps priority mail go to www.usps.com enter the tracking number from the shipping confirmation email you received from duluth trading. you'll see the progress of your order and its estimated arrival date. if you have any additional questions simply click here to send us an email. back to top can you ship to an international address? yes! place your order online as usual and enter the overseas shipping address. once your order is received, we will calculate the applicable shipping charges for the order. an email will be sent to you outlining the charges including shipping and processing. the email will ask you to verify your billing and shipping address and give us approval to ship the order. if you approve, your order will be processed and delivery should occur within approximately 14 days. duties, taxes and brokerage fees are the responsibility of the purchaser and will be collected at time of delivery. if you have any questions, please call customer service at 1-866-300-9719. packages shipping to canada will be shipped via the united states postal service. transit time is approximately 6-10 business days. duties and taxes are the responsibility of the purchaser. back to top can part or all of my order be gift wrapped? of course! (we know many of our customers are handy with a set of tools but not with ribbons and bows.) just choose the "gift packaging" option in the shopping cart and we'll put your gift in a reusable duluth trading gift bag. we can only include one item per gift package, so please select the gift packaging option for each item you want wrapped up! note: some products are not eligible for gift packaging so this option may not appear on certain items. aside from the gift-packaging fee of $7.50 per item, you will not be charged additional shipping and processing fees for gift-packaged orders. back to top what shipping methods can i choose from? we have several shipping methods for you to choose from. see shipping information for options and costs. back to top will i receive an email confirmation when my order ships? yes, if your email address is on file with us, we will send you a confirmation email with your tracking information once your order has shipped. you will also receive an order confirmation via email when you complete an order online. back to top what is expedited shipping and how does it work? we have two options for expedited shipping; 2nd day delivery and overnight shipping. see shipping information for options and costs. back to top when will my custom-built duluth trading pants arrive? custom fit pants will ship via standard shipping. due to high demand and challenging shipping conditions, delivery will take about 6 weeks. we are working hard to expedite your order and appreciate your patience. if you have already placed an order, click here to see options for tracking your order. the purchase of custom fit pants counts toward free shipping thresholds. if a customer is purchasing additional duluth trading products in the same order as custom fit pants, orders will be shipped separately. for more information on duluth custom built pants click here. back to top returns what is your no bull guarantee? we stand by the craftsmanship and durability of our products. if you are not satisfied with any item you purchase from duluth trading, return it for a refund within one year. after one year, we will also consider returns for items that are defective or don’t perform as designed. no bull means if something goes wrong, we will always treat you right. for guarantee details and special conditions, click here. back to top how do i return something to duluth trading? not satisfied? return any purchase within one year for a refund of the original purchase price. after one year, we will also consider returns for defective items or those that don’t perform as designed. items you bought from us prior to august 7, 2019, are not subject to this time limit. we require proof of purchase to process a return or exchange. you can make a return or exchange through our self-service page or in any of our 60+ duluth trading retail stores. if you need assistance with your return, just give us a call at 1-866-300-9719. visit our returns and exchanges page for complete information. back to top how long will it take my return to be processed so i can receive my credit? please allow 10-15 days for a return to be processed. once it is processed, we will deduct $7.99 for the cost of return shipping and credit your original method of payment. the $7.99 fee will be waived when exchanging an item for a different size or color. back to top can i exchange the products i ordered? yes! within one year of purchase, an exchange can be made, subject to the same conditions that apply to all returns and exchanges. we provide free shipping both ways when exchanging for a different size or color. you can make an exchange online, in any of our 60+ duluth trading retail stores or give us a call at 1-866-300-9719. once you ship the item(s) back, your exchange will be processed and we will send your new order to you with free shipping. back to top can i track the progress of my return? if you used our self-service returns page to process a return, we’ll send you periodic emails with updates on your return. your return confirmation will also include a link to track your return shipment. if you returned your order using any other return method, please refer to the tracking procedure of the shipping method you used. if need help finding the status of your order, please give us a call at 1-866-300-9719. back to top how do i contact customer service for returns questions? if you have any questions, we’d love to help! just give us a call at 1-866-300-9719 or email us at returns@duluthtrading.com. back to top what if i'm returning a gift? please give us a call at 1-866-300-9719. back to top does duluth trading accept returns from duluth trading third-party dealers? unfortunately, we cannot refund or exchange a duluth item purchased through a third-party dealer. if you wish to return an item purchased from a duluth trading dealer, please contact the dealer for their return/exchange policy. back to top can i return or exchange my custom-built pants? yes, custom fit pants will fall under the duluth trading no bull guarantee. for full details on our return policy visit our returns and exchanges page. for more information on duluth custom built pants click here. back to top how do i return or exchange an item purchased using afterpay? you can return your afterpay purchase in-store or by mail for a refund. please check that your return or exchange meets our return policy duluthtrading.com/returns. afterpay will be notified of your return and will process the appropriate refunds. please do not return your purchase to afterpay. for more information on afterpay click here. if you believe there is fault or concern with your afterpay purchase payment, please contact afterpay customer support at info@afterpay.com. back to top products are any of your products made in the usa? we're 100% committed to domestically sourcing as many of our products as possible and we do our best to identify imported vs made-in-the usa items in our catalogs and on our website. we're also working toward bringing production of several of our best-selling items back to america. our goal is to bring you high-quality goods that also represent a great value. back to top can you send me a sample fabric swatch so i can see the color and feel the material? we wish we could comply with your request, but we currently do not provide sample fabric swatches. as a small company, we're out to make our products with as much quality and efficiency as possible, and we just don't have the fabric "extras" to share. back to top how do i share product feedback? good, honest feedback from customers is the number one way we can make duluth trading an even better place for everyone. to let us know what you think about any of our products simply click here to send us an email. back to top how can i determine the right size to order? our men's sizing chart and women's sizing chart can show you how to measure and help you determine the best size to order. our clothes are designed with tradesmen in mind and don't skimp on fit, so they don't skimp on fit and there is no need to size up when ordering. our men's longtail t® line does include trim fit sizing, which fits 2" trimmer at shoulders and 4" trimmer at the chest and waist. back to top what do all the fit icons in your catalog and on your website mean? click to see explanations of our women's fit icons and men's fit icons. back to top do you sell gift cards? yes! we have several gift card styles for men and women. cards are available in several denominations between $10 and $200. they can be redeemed for orders placed online, over the phone, or in our retail locations. we'll even ship a card for free directly to the recipient if you like. you can find them here. back to top are there restrictions to purchase a knife? you must be 18 years of age to buy a knife online or in-store. proof of age is required for in-store purchases. please check your local laws and regulations for any additional restrictions. back to top what products are not eligible for purchase using afterpay? afterpay is not available on purchases of gift cards, backordered items or duluth custom built™ pants. if you are purchasing one of these items along with afterpay-eligible products, you will need to place two separate orders. for more information on afterpay click here. back to top promotions can i use more than one promotion on the same order? we are only able to apply one promotion per order. our goal is to offer strong promotions multiple times a year, often with substantial price breaks, even on our best-selling items. as a result, promotional offers are not valid in combination with other offers. promotional offers are also not valid for use on prior purchases, or in the duluth trading store, unless clearly stated. back to top how do i get the special offers shown in my catalog? first, locate the offer code on the back of your catalog. second, if placing an order online, please enter the code at checkout. if calling in your order, please tell the telephone sales representative your offer code and the promotion will be applied to your order. back to top how do i use the offers that i receive in duluth trading emails? click through the email and it will take you to our website, where the promotion will automatically be applied. alternatively, you can search the fine print at the bottom of the email for our offer code. after you have retrieved the code, follow the same instructions as the catalog offer code for online or over-the-phone ordering and your promotion will be applied! back to top how do i receive that special offer found on the card in my last duluth order? simply locate the offer code on the in-package offer card and follow the same instructions as the catalog offer code for online or over-the-phone ordering and your promotion will be applied. back to top why are brands like keen®, bronwen®, duke cannon®, buff®, acorn®, kavu®, danner®, and born® excluded from deals and discounts? certain brands independent of duluth trading company have respective pricing policies that make them ineligible for our specific promotions and discounts. select items may be included under clearance on our website. check often for availability. back to top why is 40 grit excluded from discounts? duluth trading’s 40 grit brand has been designed to offer customers the best possible value. as a result, we do not offer further price drops for this collection. while discounts are unavailable, the purchase price of 40 grit products still applies to free shipping minimums, when applicable. back to top why is best made company excluded from discounts? best made company seeks to provide customers with the highest quality products made in the usa and from workshops around the world. the premium and handcrafted nature of best made items makes them ineligible for promotions at this time. while discounts are unavailable, the purchase price of best made products still applies to free shipping minimums, when applicable. select best made company items may be included under clearance on our website. check often for availability. back to top can i use a promotion or coupon code on duluth trading custom pants? duluth trading custom fit pants will be excluded from discounts and promotions. however, the purchase of custom fit pants counts toward free shipping thresholds. for more information on duluth custom built pants click here. back to top web can i chat online with a customer service representative? yes! live chat is available online from 7 am to 8 pm ct weekdays and 8 am to 5 pm weekends. a live chat button appears at the bottom of most pages on the site, or at the top of pages while you're placing your order. chat may not be online if no agents are available. back to top how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? an online account can only be created when you place an order through our website. during the ordering process you will be asked to enter your email address and there will be an option to "create an online account". if you enter a password and if the email address is not already associated with another account, an account will automatically be created for you once you place your order. this will be useful later on for tracking order histories, accessing account information, making checkout easier, and referencing items for future purchase. in addition, you can manage all of the emails from duluth trading company to receive special offers and promotions given only to our online purchasers. back to top can i view the items i have ordered in the past and what i paid for them? yes, there is an easy way to view both of those things! in the my account menu, there is an option for "order history" and "items purchased". "order history" will show you the details of each order associated with your email account including order number, order date, ship date, payment method, order status, which items you purchased, price of each item, any discounts and the total amount paid. online purchases made as a "guest" will not be displayed. "items purchased" will show you a list of the items you have purchased, organized chronologically. it will show you a short description of the item and either allow you to go to that item's page within our website or let you know that the item is no longer available. back to top how do i change the personal information in my online account? you will need to sign into your duluth trading account through the my account page. if you don't have an account yet, please see how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? above. use this list to understand where you can change specific information within the my account section. account address: edit your primary account and billing address account email: edit the email associated with your duluth trading account. account password: edit you account's password email preferences: change the email address where you receive our newsletters, set preferences for which emails you'd like to get, or unsubscribe from emails. address book: edit any shipping address and associated phone number order history: view your previously placed orders items purchased: view individual items you have ordered wish list: view your wish list, edit it, and send it to your friends log out: sign out of your account back to top i forgot my online account password! what should i do? never fear, we've made it easy to retrieve a forgotten password. just click "forgot password" on the my account login screen, enter your email address, and click the "reset password" button. you will immediately receive a single use link to reset your password. this link is only active for 2 hours. if your link expires, you can request a new link by resubmitting the forgot password form. back to top if i leave items in my cart and don't purchase them, will they remain there until i return to the website? if you leave items in your cart and leave the duluth website, the items will remain in your cart for up to 30 days provided that you are going back to the website from the same computer and same browser (given you have not cleared the cookies from your computer). leaving items in your cart does not mean that you are "holding" them and it is possible that the items could be sold out when you return to your cart. back to top how can i subscribe to your email list to get exclusive offers? signing up for our emails is a great way to take advantage of special email-only product deals and special offers. you can also win clothes, tools, clever gadgets and gift certificates by playing trivia or by sending in your photo to our gotcha or duluth real women features. to subscribe, simply follow this link to our email offer sign-up page, fill in your information and preferences and hit the "subscribe now" button. please note: your email address is never sold or shared - and we promise you'll find something useful in every edition. if not, you can opt out at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of every email or click here to unsubscribe. to change your information, access "email preferences" in the my account menu, which allows you to change what emails you want to receive or unsubscribe from our email list. back to top how do i write a product review on your website? to enter your review of any of our products, go to the product page and click on "write a review" at the top of the reviews section. follow the instructions for entering information into the product review page before submitting. please focus on the performance and quality of the product while writing your review. occasionally, we will send an offer to write a product review in exchange for free shipping on your next purchase. watch your email for these offers and take advantage. it's a great way to save a few bucks while helping to educate your fellow customer about our products. back to top where do i enter the promotional code i have when ordering online? promo codes can be entered on the shopping cart page or within checkout. look for the “promo code” box, type in your promo code, and click "apply" to activate your code. if you’re using a valid promo code you should see a success message appear above the “promo code” box. if your code is showing as “not found”, check to make sure it was entered correctly. back to top how can i access my address book to change my shipping or billing address? your address book is located in the my account menu. it allows you to create a list of family, friends and other shipping contacts that you can easily attach to future orders during the checkout process. to change or remove any of the addresses that you have already entered in your address book, just click the "account addresses" button or the "delete" button (respectively) under the address you want to change or remove. to add a new address, just select the button next to "add a new address" and enter the information below. your "account billing address" shown in your address book will be the current primary billing address on your account and is automatically updated whenever your billing address changes during the ordering process. you may update your billing address in the "account addresses" section of "my account", by placing a new order or contacting customer service. to set up a new default shipping address that is different from your primary account billing address, create a new address and check the "set as my default address" button before saving the new address. back to top why do i have to input my credit or debit card number in again, even though i chose to save it previously? the credit card number has to be re-entered whenever any important information changes in order to make sure this is an authorized use of your account. we take this additional security step when you use this card to ship to an address for the first time or have recently edited your shipping address. back to top will any of my information ever be shared with anyone? please refer to our privacy policy for any information you may need. still have questions? contact customer service by email or at 1-866-300-9719. back to top how do i store my credit or debit card information? there are two safe and secure ways to store your payment options on our website. the first way is to create a record in "my account" (after logging in) where you can edit all of your personal information. once in "my account", go to "payment options" and you can save and edit your stored payment option records for future use. the second way is to store the card information during the ordering process. if you are logged in or create a new account while ordering, you will see a checkbox labeled "please save my card for future purchases" on the last page in checkout. just check the box and the card information will be saved to your account once your order is successfully placed. back to top can i make updates to size, color or quantity of items once they are in my cart? once items are in your cart, you can remove item(s), update the quantity that you wish to purchase or add gift packaging. to remove an item from your cart, just click "remove." to update the quantity, click the plus or minus button next to the quantity box. to add gift packaging, check the "add gift packaging" option. in order to change the color or size of an item, you must go back to the product's page and select the new size or color you desire, add that item to your cart, and then remove the item(s) you no longer wish to purchase. back to top other is there a duluth trading co. retail store that i can visit? yes! there are many. several of our retail stores are uniquely themed. read about the duluth trading company retail store locations here. back to top do you have an affiliate program? yes. we've partnered with avantlink.com sign up here. back to top what precautions is duluth taking to be safe during the covid-19 pandemic? we’re constantly monitoring the covid-19 situation around each of our stores and business locations and are committed to helping protect the health and safety of our hardworking employees and loyal customers. find out more here. back to top do you charge sales tax? yes, we collect sales tax for online orders shipped to states that require us to charge tax. back to top what if there is an error in the listed price online or in the catalog? duluth trading company reserves the right to correct any pricing errors that may occur on our websites, through email offers or in our catalog. back to top are all of your products included in every catalog? not by a long shot! make sure to check out this website often for our full range of products, including new arrivals for men, women and gear every month. back to top order & shopping help customer service track order shipping email signup free catalog online pickup faqs gift cards tax disclosure wish list no bull guarantee faqs privacy & security privacy request text messaging policy sizing & fit guides men's sizing guide women's sizing guide best made sizing guide home faqs we stand by the craftsmanship and durability of our products. if you are not satisfied with any item you purchase from duluth trading, return it for a refund within one year. after one year, we will also consider returns for items that are defective or don't perform as designed. no bull means if something goes wrong, we will always treat you right. sign up for our emails join our email list and get an exclusive discount on your first order! sign me up new subscribers only. privacy policy get 10% off your next order! join the duluth text crew to be the first to hear of new arrivals, early access deals, and exclusive offers! text 'duluth' to 385884. u.s. customers only. no purchase necessary. message and data rates may apply. periodic messages. messaging terms and conditions and privacy policy apply. order & shopping help contact us track order shipping faqs online pickup our guarantee sms terms returns/exchanges size guides catalog signup online catalogs gift cards afterpay accessibility about us duluth lore duluth women our stores 40 grit best made akhg our tv ads trades panel careers investors covid-19 follow duluth trading company on facebook follow duluth trading company on twitter follow duluth trading company on youtube follow duluth trading company on pinterest duluth instagram opens in a new tab get duluth's email offers duluth facebook opens in a new tab duluth twitter opens in a new tab duluth youtube opens in a new tab duluth pinterest opens in a new tab duluth instagram opens in a new tab +1-866- 300-9719 +1-866- 300-9719 © copyright 2021 duluth trading company. all rights reserved. privacy & security | ca - do not sell my info | site map we are sorry, chat is not available at this time