来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231233436/https://www.duluthtrading.com/content/privacy-security-policy
================================================================================

privacy request form | duluth trading company image/svg+xml store-hardest-working-coast-to-coast free shipping on orders $99+grow wild with women's garden gear#1 in garden apparelbuy 3, get 1 freemix & match underwear, tees & moresave 20% on e-gift cards of $100+click to shop now or buy in-storegrow wild with women's garden gear#1 in garden apparelbuy 3, get 1 freemix & match underwear, tees & moresave 20% on e-gift cards of $100+click to shop now or buy in-storebest sellerswomen's garden shopnewmenwomengearsale & clearanceakhg®home/privacy policyduluth trading company privacy policyintroduction at duluth holdings inc. d/b/a duluth trading company (“dtc,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) we take a “no bull” approach to your privacy. we believe that managing your privacy is important, and we want you to be informed. please take a few minutes to review this privacy policy (this “policy”) to understand how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise interact with your personal information. we respect your privacy and are committed to managing it through our compliance with this policy. this policy applies to your interactions and transactions with dtc, including when you visit our website (www.duluthtrading.com) (and any other website, platform, or mobile application operated by or on behalf of dtc that links to this policy) (the “site”), when you visit our retail locations, when you purchase our products, and when you otherwise communicate or connect with us (online, by phone, in-person, or otherwise) (collectively, the “services”). when you use the services, you consent to our use of your personal information as described in this policy. we may periodically revise this policy, including when there are changes to the law, technology, or our business. your continued use of the services after any revisions means you consent to and accept the revised policy. because we want you to be informed and privacy aware, we encourage you to review this policy periodically to ensure you keep up to date with and understand our privacy practices. more information specific to residents of states that have consumer privacy regulations data collection types of information we collectdtc collects the following categories and types of information, which may constitute personal information: identifying information (or “identifiers”) – your name, postal address, billing or shipping address, driver’s license number (if payment by personal check), email address, telephone or mobile number, age, account username and password, job title, and any unique, online, or similar identifiers. payment and credit information – your credit or debit card information, banking information, information about your payment transaction, or other financial information you provide us. demographic information – your age, date of birth, gender, and zip code. device information – the operating system of your device, device identifier, the type of device you are using, ip address, and other mobile identifiers. commercial information – information about your orders, shipping details, returns, product complaints, product reviews, and warranties. internet and network activity – information on your interactions with the services, our advertisements, navigation, and activity in the services, and how you use your account. geolocation information – information about your physical location, ip address, and movements. audio/video/sensory information – cctv video, audio and images captured in and around our stores, audio recordings of customer calls, and images you share with dtc online. biometric information - information collected through employee use of biometric technologies to log in to computers or time clocks. employment information - information such as work experience, education, skills, behaviors, motivations, licenses and certifications, and any other information you provide to us through our employment application or as part of your employment with us. inferences – information derived from your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior, as well as other information that helps us identify or predict which products you may be interested in. sensitive personal information - information defined by law as “sensitive.” in dtc’s case, sensitive information may include, but not be limited to, employment related information (e.g., social security number, passport number, race, etc.) and driver’s license number if paying by check. how we collect information from and about you information you voluntarily provide to us. you may provide us information, when you: create an account with us purchase a product or a gift card, including when you submit your payment and credit information to dtc or its payment processors sign up for emails, news updates, promotions, or our text messaging program participate in surveys, sweepstakes, focus groups, marketing initiatives, contests, events, or promotions make a return or exchange participate in a buyback program join a loyalty or customer appreciation program contact customer service, or request information about us or our services – please note that we may record calls or chat history through our chat function with you for training, customer service, fraud prevention, or quality purposes submit product reviews, including photos of products track an online order communicate with us through the chat function in the services interact with us on our social media pages apply for a job (online or in-person) through the employment process create a wish list or request a catalog information we collect through other means. we like to know who our customers are and how they are using our products, so we can market the right products to the right people. as a result, we may also collect, obtain, or supplement information about you (including personal information) from sources other than you, including publicly available sources and records, social media platforms, forums, blogs, other users of our products and services, our affiliates, our service providers, and third-party marketing partners. information when you shop at our stores. we may also collect information from you when you shop at our stores, including much of the same information we would collect if you shopped online (i.e., order information, payment information, etc.). if you pay by personal check, we may also collect your driver’s license number for verification and fraud prevention purposes. in addition, to keep our employees and our customers safe, we use cctv cameras in our retail stores and other company locations. these cameras collect and store audio, video, images, and other associated information to help us with fraud prevention, security, investigations, and risk management. our cctv cameras and software are provided by trusted third-party vendors, so audio, video, and images, as well as other associated information, are shared with both dtc and those trusted vendors. in addition, the audio, video, and images are also used by our fraud prevention and detection tools that are run and hosted by third-party providers, so that information is shared with those vendors. information from emails. we collect information about your interactions with emails sent by us or on our behalf, including whether you opened the email or clicked on any links. we may use this information to improve our marketing, to understand our audience, and to improve the services. if you wish to opt out of receiving emails from us, please see the “opt-out” section, below. information when you sign up for our text messaging program. we collect your phone number, originator opt-in data, and consent through our text messaging service providers. your originator opt-in data and consent are not shared with other third parties unless it is to comply with any court order or legal obligation, including responding to any lawful government or regulatory request. for additional information about our texting program, please visit messaging terms and conditions. information we collect automatically when you use the services. when you use or interact with the services, we may use a variety of technologies that collect information automatically, including cookies, web beacons, flash cookies, and logging. those technologies may collect, among other things, your ip address, location, device type, date and time of visit, operating system, and browser type, as well as what webpage you visit immediately prior to or after visiting the site and your activities on the site. we also use these technologies to monitor the performance of the site, troubleshoot the site, and optimize your experience. if you are interacting with the services on a mobile device, additional information may be collected, including your mobile device’s unique device id, its gps signal, and information about how you use the services. the information may also be collected by, received by, or shared with our service providers or third parties who assist us with these activities. we use this information to, for example, help make the site more useful and appealing to you and to better understand our users. cookies. we think it is important that you understand cookies. a cookie is a small text file that is sent to your browser when you access the services. we, our service providers, and the third parties described below may use session cookies. a session cookie is available only during the course of the browser session; the information is not sent to or stored on a computer’s hard drive. closing the browser or logging off will invalidate the session cookie. we and our service providers and other third parties described below may also use machine cookies, which do remain on a computer hard drive and gather information, sometimes over time and across sites. this enables us to personalize your experience, for instance, by sending shopping cart reminders via sms/text message if you have opted into our sms/text service. you can find more information about your choices regarding cookies under the heading “your choices about our collection, use, and disclosure.” web beacons. “web beacons” or “tracking pixels” are electronic images, tags, or scripts that allow access to cookies, and, among other things, help track general usage patterns of visitors to online services. web beacons can recognize certain types of information, such as cookies, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. they may also be used to track interactions with emails. we, our service providers, and the third parties described below may use web beacons to compile information regarding your use of the services. location information. we may collect information about your location (via gps or other technologies), including when you enable location-based features in the services, such as allowing us to show you the nearest dtc store. third-party data collection and advertisinglike the internet itself, online marketing is a networked enterprise. thus, we want to make it clear that we do use third parties, including google®, facebook®, adobe®, and salesforce®, to assist us, including with marketing, analytics, social media, and data analysis. these third parties may use cookies, or other methods or technologies like scripts, pixels, or action tags, to collect information about you when you interact with the services. we may also provide these third parties with information about you to assist us in our marketing efforts. we use the information we collect and receive for a variety of purposes, including to learn which online advertisements attracted you; to improve our content, products, and services; to inform groups of users about relevant products and services; to identify new customers; and to help us analyze and improve the services and the effectiveness of our marketing. the use of your information may be governed by privacy policies maintained by those third parties. there is additional information about third-party data collection and targeted advertising in the section titled “online behavioral (targeted) advertising,” below. third-party analytics. we also use third-party analytics in the services, such as those provided by salesforce®, adobe®, and quantum metric®, to, for example, enable us to continually improve upon the content we offer to you and our marketing efforts, for systems administration purposes, to evaluate your use of the services, to compile reports on activity, to analyze performance metrics, and to collect and evaluate other information related to the services. some of our analytics can be used to track users over time, for geo-location purposes, and across third-party websites. social media platforms. we use third parties to gather and analyze data from social media platforms, including, for example, facebook®, instagram®, pinterest®, youtube®, and x®. we use these third parties to help us understand your interaction between social media and our services, and to advertise to current and future customers based on interests and demographics.online behavioral (targeted) advertising. online behavioral advertising is used to deliver advertisements that are catered to your interests (or “targeted” to you) based on your browsing history. we may engage third parties to display ads on our behalf on the internet, including, for example, google, and those third parties may use information about you to provide you with our ads. they may also track and report on the performance of our advertising and marketing campaigns and provide that information to us. online behavioral advertising can use a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, pixels, and scripts, and track you across websites.data integration some of the information we collect or that we receive from our service providers and third parties may be maintained or associated with other personal information we have or collect about you. this helps us to, among other things: (a) estimate our audience size and usage patterns; (b) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our services according to your individual interests; (c) speed up your searches; (d) recognize you when you return to the services; (e) improve the services and any products and services we offer; and (f) improve our marketing efforts. how we use information the information we gather works every bit as hard as a pair of fire hose® work pants. it allows us to serve you better, in ways such as those described above and below. uses of personal information. we may use your personal information: to respond to any request you have made, including for information, for products, or about the services for our marketing efforts, including to keep you informed about existing and new products to determine how best to market to you, and to provide you with surveys, questionnaires, and other promotional or marketing inquiries to process, confirm, complete, and support any transactions requested by you, including any payments to provide you with customer support to communicate with you, including through email and sms/text messages to resolve issues or concerns, including any returns and exchanges to improve the services and our products, including your user experience to protect the safety, security, availability, and integrity of the services, including to prevent fraud, theft, or other illegal activity to monitor compliance with and enforce this policy and our terms of use and any other applicable agreements and policies to comply with or enforce our legal obligations or rights assist law enforcement to investigate criminal activity if necessary, to notify you about changes to the services and any products we offer or provide in any other way we may describe when you provide the information and to fulfill any other purposes for which you provide it or offer your consent aggregated, anonymized, and de-identified information. we may use or share information we collect automatically from your use of the services that is not personal information and any other information that is otherwise de-identified or anonymized for any purpose, including with third parties to improve the content and functionality of the services, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services. disclosure of your information we may share your information, including your personal information: with our subsidiaries and affiliates with service providers we use to provide or support our business and the services, including payment processors, data analytics providers, technology providers (for example, providers that send emails on our behalf, host or monitor the services, operate our call center, and provide the chat functionality), maintenance providers, fraud prevention providers, shipping providers, and marketing providers with third parties for marketing purposes as described in the “third-party data collection and advertising” section, above. we also share your personal information with carefully screened companies and organizations (third parties) whose products and activities might be of interest to you, including by submitting your information to marketing partners and cooperatives that provide us information about customers like you or provide your information to companies like us with a buyer, successor, or any other party involved in a merger, acquisition, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, equity, or business or any similar transaction, or as part of bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation, or similar proceeding, as well as advisors, lawyers, accountants, and parties that may assist in the negotiation, review, and consummation of any such transaction or proceeding, either of which may involve personal information held by dtc as an asset for any other purposes disclosed by us when you provide the information or with your consent we may also share your personal information to comply with any court order or legal obligation, including responding to any lawful government or regulatory request, or if we believe disclosure is necessary to enforce or protect our rights, property, or safety, or that of our users or third parties. where we provide personal information to our service providers, we strive to ensure that our service providers handle such personal information solely in the manner described in our agreement with them and in accordance with applicable laws. your choices about our collection, use, and disclosurethere are steps you can take to manage your privacy, which we outline below. keep in mind that an opt-out is typically valid only for the device that you use to opt-out; so, if you use multiple devices, you may need to opt-out on each device. also, some opt-outs require that you accept a cookie or install a plug-in to record and honor your request; if you delete the cookie, you may need to opt-out again. in addition to the methods below, you may be able to use the incognito or private function in your browser or other software and plug-ins to help manage your privacy preferences; make sure to review the privacy policy of any provider of such software or plug-in before installing it. cookies. if you wish to disable or opt-out of some or all cookies, you may set your browser to refuse some cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. your browser may also allow you to remove or delete cookies on your device. you may also use our preference center link below to opt-out of certain categories of cookies. please note that opting out of cookies through our preference center does not fully satisfy certain state requirements for full opt-out of sales or sharing of personal information because we do not collect information about who has opted out of cookies; thus we are unable to link it to any offline data that we may have. for residents in states with legal requirements to opt-out of sales and sharing of data, please use this form so that we can fully process your request. using our preference center, you have the following opt-out options: opt-out of performance cookies - these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. opt-out of functional cookies - these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. they may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. opt-out of targeting cookies - these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. they do not directly store personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. opt-out of social media cookies - these cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. they are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. this may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. if you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. strictly necessary cookies - these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually set only in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work. these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. preference center please note that opting out of cookies could impact the services, some of which may then be inaccessible or not function properly. information on deleting or controlling cookies can be found at https://www.aboutcookies.org/. analytics. some of the analytics providers we use allow you to opt-out of data collection, as described below. opt-out of adobe analytics data collection location information. if you do not wish to share gps location information with dtc, you may be able to turn off location sharing in your mobile device settings, or otherwise decline the option to allow your web browser to use your location for certain functionality such as finding the nearest dtc store. e-mail opt-out. you may opt-out of receiving future communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email from us (or sent on our behalf). sms/text messaging opt-out. you may opt-out of receiving future marketing text messages by replying “stop” to one of our sms/text messages. more information can be found in our messaging terms and conditions. google® ads. we use a number of google services to assist us with advertising. learn more about google's practices with regard to data collection and to manage google ads. online behavioral advertising. you can opt-out of online behavioral advertising from members of the digital advertising alliance and the national advertising initiative using the links below. for more information visit: https://youradchoices.com/ and https://thenai.org/about-online-advertising/faq/?tab=3. our ads on third-party websites may also display an advertising options icon that you can click to learn about your privacy choices. this icon will appear only on certain platforms. opt-out via the nai - network advertising initiative or opt-out via the daa - digital advertising alliance opt-out tool social media and other opt-outs. you can also opt-out of some of our advertising and social media partners by visiting their opt-out pages: facebook® opt-out page x® opt-out page pinterest® opt-out page einstein® (api shopper opt-out) mobile device options:  in some instances, mobile devices have settings that allow you to control or limit your cookies and similar technologies. for example, if you are an ios user, you can enable “limit ad tracking,” and for android users, the “opt-out of ads personalization” and “opt out of interest-based ads” settings are used for this purpose. personal information opt-out. if you prefer not to have your personal information shared with carefully screened companies or organizations (third parties) whose products might be of interest to you, just let us know by sending us an email at customerservice@duluthtrading.com, contacting us by mail at 201 east front street, mount horeb, wi 53572, or calling us at 1-866-300-9719. please note that we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of your request, including where permitted or required by law. external websites third-party links. our services may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties. we have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy policies or content on those websites, and any links to third-party websites do not imply an affiliation between dtc and the website owner, or any endorsement, approval, or verification of any content contained on those websites. privacy policies on third-party websites and mobile applications may be different from our policy. you access such links at your own risk. you should always read the privacy policy of a website or mobile application before disclosing any of your information. social media. if you use any functionality in the services that allows you to interact with social media platforms (e.g., facebook®, instagram®, x®, pinterest®, and youtube®) or otherwise interact with us on social media, generally, then please be aware that: (a) we may display your email address and/or social media handle (e.g., username) to other users; (b) we may use information you provide about yourself or other users to facilitate communications; and (c) we may collect information about interactions with us, including personal information and audio, video, and photos, and receive information from social media platforms about you, including as described in the section titled “third-party data collection and advertising.” please note that any content you post to social media platforms is subject to the data-handling practices of each social media platform, as described in their respective terms of use and privacy policy, which we encourage you to read before posting content. do not track the services respond to “do not track” requests, where legally required. all traffic is treated equally and processed the same. if you desire to have your browsing be private, we suggest that you use your web browser’s private, incognito, or similar function, or utilize third-party software or plug-ins that have such functionality. retention we retain personal information only as long as we reasonably need it to fulfill the purposes for which we collected or obtained it. we use reasonable business criteria to establish retention periods for personal information. children under the age of 13 although we appreciate the duluth trading customers of the future, these services are not intended for anyone under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. in the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information and otherwise comply with the requirements of any applicable law including the children’s online privacy protection act. if you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at customerservice@duluthtrading.com. security we strive to use reasonable means to secure your personal information while you are using the services. however, please keep in mind that the transmission of information over the internet and on mobile platforms is not always secure, which means we cannot and do not guarantee the security or confidentiality of any personal information you provide to us. given this reality, your use of the services, and your decision to provide personal information to us, is at your own risk. changes to this policy innovation is part of our mission. as we constantly evolve and improve how we do business online, from time to time this policy may change. the effective date of this policy is the date next to the words “last modified” at the top of this policy. we may update this policy at any time, at our sole discretion, if we make material changes to the way we handle your personal information, or if material changes are necessary due to law. our most current policy will always be posted at www.duluthtrading.com, and at any other link you clicked on to reach this policy. any changes we make to this policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the updated policy. as such, we encourage you to review this policy regularly. your continued use of the services after we make changes will constitute your acceptance of any such changes. contact ushave questions or comments? we want to hear from you. if you have feedback about this policy or our terms of use, wish to remove or change your contact information in our database, or do not want to receive future mailings or other communications, or if you have other inquiries, just contact us at any time using one of the options below: send us an email at customerservice@duluthtrading.com via telephone: 1-866-300-9719 via mail: duluth trading co., 201 east front street, mount horeb, wi 53572 supplemental privacy information and choices for residents in regulated states (california, connecticut, colorado, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, utah, virginia)this section supplements the information contained in the dtc privacy policy and applies to residents of the states where legally required (“consumers” or “you”). when you use the services, we may collect personal information. personal information is defined under the applicable state privacy laws as information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked to, directly or indirectly, a particular consumer or device. personal information does not include publicly available information from government records, de-identified or aggregated consumer information, or information excluded from state privacy laws’ scope, such as health or medical information subject to hipaa, and financial information subject to glba or fcra. disclosures in the past twelve (12) months, we have collected the categories of personal information described in the privacy policy section titled “types of information we collect.” in the past twelve (12) months, we have used and shared personal information of consumers in those categories as follows: identifiers (e.g., name, address, email) how we use identifiers (business purposes) to provide you with information, products, or services; to advertise or market to you; to secure the services from malicious traffic; for anti-fraud measures; to evaluate store locations; and for our own legal obligations and business needs. categories of service providers and third parties with whom identifiers are shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; service providers (e.g., shipping partners, fraud analytics partners); ad networks; data analytics providers; prospective purchasers of our business; marketing partners and cooperatives; outside auditors and lawyers; and social networks. internet and network information (e.g., ip address, browsing history) how we use internet and network information (business purposes) to provide you with information, products, or services; to advertise or market to you; to improve our services and products; and to secure the services and prevent fraud. categories of service providers and third parties with whom personal internet and network information is shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; service providers (e.g., fraud analytics partners); marketing partners and cooperatives; ad networks; data analytics providers; and social networks. payment, financial and credit information how we use payment, financial, and credit information (business purposes) to provide you with information, products, or services; to secure the services from malicious traffic; for anti-fraud measures; and for our own legal obligations and business needs. categories of service providers and third parties with whom payment, financial and credit information is shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; service providers (e.g., payment processors and fraud analytics partners; and outside auditors and lawyers.) device information how we use device information (business purposes) to provide you with information, products, or services; to advertise or market to you; to improve our services and products; to show you our store locations; and to secure the services. categories of service providers and third parties with whom device information is shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; service providers; marketing partners and cooperatives; ad networks; data analytics providers; and social networks. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law how we use protected classification characteristics (business purposes) to provide you with information, products, or services; to advertise or market to you; and to improve our services or products. categories of service providers and third parties with whom protected classification characteristics are shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; and service providers. commercial information how we use commercial information (business purposes) to provide you with information, products, or services; to advertise or market to you; for our own legal obligations and business needs; and to improve our services and products. categories of service providers and third parties with whom commercial information is shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; service providers (e.g., shipping partners); marketing partners and cooperatives; ad networks; data analytics providers; prospective purchasers of our business; outside auditors, insurers, and lawyers; and social networks. geolocation data how we use geolocation data (business purposes) to provide you with information, products, or services; show you our store locations; and advertise or market to you. categories of service providers and third parties with whom geolocation data is shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; marketing partners; ad networks; data analytics providers; and service providers. audio, electronic, or visual information how we use audio, electronic, or visual information (business purposes) to improve our services and products; for fraud prevention, security, and risk management. categories of service providers and third parties with whom audio, electronic or visual information is shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; service providers; and outside auditors and lawyers. inferences how we use inferences (business purposes) to provide you with information, products, or services; to advertise or market to you; to improve our services and products and their availability; and for our own business needs. categories of service providers and third parties with whom inferences are shared entities that we are legally required to share with pursuant to law; service providers; marketing partners and cooperatives; ad networks; data analytics providers; and social networks. sensitive personal information – driver’s license number if paying by check, employment related information how we use sensitive information (business purposes) for fraud prevention and investigation in accordance with cpra section 7027; for applicant and employment tracking and reporting, payroll and benefits administration categories of service providers and third parties with whom sensitive information is shared banking, pos system support partner, security partners and law enforcement; government agencies, payroll processors, benefits administrators sales and sharing of personal information dtc does not sell your personal information for monetary payment. however, to ensure we can share our products with you and tailor our advertisements, we do allow some of our advertising partners to use cookies, pixels, and other technologies to collect personal information when you use the services, and we also share personal information with them directly, both of which practices may constitute a “sale” of personal information under certain state’s privacy laws. we also utilize marketing partners and cooperatives, which allow us to send and receive personal information to enhance our marketing efforts and permit you to receive ads for products and services that might be of interest to you from carefully screened companies, and this too may constitute a “sale” of personal information under the law. we share your information with certain service providers and third parties in order for us to fulfill our obligations with you as our customer. for example, we share your information with our payment processors and shipping partners as well as our order tracking partner in order to provide you with visibility on the status of your order. in addition, we share your information with our cctv provider and fraud prevention and detection partners in order to protect you and our employees. given the foregoing, we have disclosed the following information in situations that might constitute a “sale” during the past twelve (12) months: identifiers, internet and network information, device information, commercial information, and inferences. dtc does not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under sixteen (16) years of age. personal information sales and sharing opt-out if you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). we do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. consumers who opt-out of personal information sales may opt-in to future sales at any time. to exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request via our webform. as part of the opt-out process, we have upgraded our privacy control options that allow you to control non-strictly necessary cookies. please reference the “your choices about our collection, use, and disclosure” section above for additional information.once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. however, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by contacting us at customerservice@duluthtrading.com. you do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. we will use the personal information provided in an opt-out request only to review and comply with the request. additional privacy rights for residents in certain states depending on where you reside or as defined in state privacy laws, you may have the right to (1) request to know more about and access the personal information we collect, use, and disclose about you, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information, (4) opt-out of processing sensitive information, and (5) appeal a request that was denied. these rights may vary between states and will be honored as set forth below, where legally required. if you have an account with us and wish to review and/or update your personal information, please log into the services and visit your account profile page to make any desired changes. 1. access to specific information and data portability rights you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information for the time period required by law. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. 2. deletion request rights you have the right to request that we delete some or all of the personal information that we have collected from you and retained, subject to a number of exceptions. we (and our service providers) are not required to delete personal information where it is, for example: (a) necessary to complete a transaction with you or for warranty or product recalls; (b) used for security purposes, to prevent fraud, to fix errors, or to comply with law; (c) reasonable for us to use for internal purposes given our relationship with you; or (d) compatible with the context in which you provided the information. the list of exceptions above is not exhaustive, and we may also deny a deletion request as otherwise permitted by law. 3. correction request rights you have the right to request us to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. please note that we do not have the ability to make changes to your duluthtrading.com online account, so we cannot change that information. in order to make changes to your online account, please log in and change the data that is inaccurate. if you are having difficulty with making these changes, please contact our customer service team at 1-866-300-9719 and they can talk you through it. 4. sensitive personal information as noted in section 7027, subsection(m) under the ccpa (california), our collection and use of sensitive personal information for fraud prevention qualifies as an exempt use and thus does not require us to provide an opt-out process for consumers.  for job applicants and employees, please use the california employees, applicants, and b2b webform to exercise your rights under the ccpa.   currently, we do not process “sensitive information” as defined by other states’ privacy laws. 5. right to appeal under certain state privacy laws, you have the right to appeal a refusal to take action on your request. to lodge an appeal, please use the webform to complete your request. within 45 days of the filing of your appeal, we will provide you any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. if we reject your appeal, you may contact the attorney general using the below methods to file a complaint. california attorney general - https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company colorado attorney general - https://coag.gov/file-complaint/ connecticut attorney general - https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint delaware department of justice - https://attorneygeneral.delaware.gov/fraud/cmu/complaint/ iowa department of justice - https://www.iowaattorneygeneral.gov/for-consumers/file-a-consumer-complaint/complaint-form montana consumer protection - https://app.doj.mt.gov/ocpportal/?q=node/395/ nebraska attorney general - https://www.nebraska.gov/apps-ago-complaints/ new hampshire department of justice - https://www.doj.nh.gov/citizens/consumer-protection-antitrust-bureau/consumer-complaints new jersey attorney general - https://www.njconsumeraffairs.gov/pages/consumer-complaints.aspx oregon attorney general - https://justice.oregon.gov/consumercomplaints/ texas attorney general - https://www.texasattorneygeneral.gov/consumer-protection/file-consumer-complaint utah division of consumer protection - https://db.dcp.utah.gov/complaints.html virginia attorney general - https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint exercising your rights to exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by: calling us at 1-866-401-9314, or filling out our webform for access, deletion, and appeal requests, or submitting correction requests through our correction webform only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. if you are making a request on behalf of another person, we may require that you prove you are authorized to act on behalf of that individual. you may make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability only twice within a 12-month period. the verifiable consumer request must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we may not be able to fulfill your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. to verify your identity, we may request certain pieces of personal information about you, and we reserve the right to take additional steps as necessary to verify your identity if we have reason to believe a request is fraudulent. we will use the personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request only to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. response timing and format we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. if we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. if you appeal a rejected request, we will provide you with a written response within 60 days of your filing of the appeal. any disclosures we provide will cover only the legally mandated period preceding the date we receive your verifiable consumer request. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. for data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. non-discrimination you have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of your privacy rights. unless permitted by state privacy laws, we will not: deny you goods or services; charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. other california privacy rights california's “shine the light” law (civil code section § 1798.83) permits users of the services who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please contact us through the information provided in the contact us section of our privacy policy. notice to residents of nevada residents of the state of nevada have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain pieces of information for monetary consideration, where the buyer of such information will sell and license it to others. dtc does not sell any personal information for monetary consideration, but dtc may share your information with third parties that want to market products or services to you. to opt-out of such activity, please follow the instructions in the section above titled “personal information opt-out.” last modified: january 1, 2025sign up for email and save!join our email list and get an exclusive discount on your first order! | new subscribers only.sign upby signing up, you agree to our privacy policyget 20% off your next order! text 'duluth' to 863377.offer valid for new subscribers only. by texting the keyword, you agree to receive recurring marketing text messages (e.g., cart reminders), which may be automated, to the mobile number used at opt-in from duluth. only u.s. mobile numbers are eligible to participate. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg frequency may vary. msg & data rates may apply. reply help for help and stop to cancel. see messaging terms and conditions & privacy policy.we stand by the craftsmanship of our functional, durable gear. learn more about our commitment-to-quality no bull guarantee and superior standard.contact ustrack ordercustomer supportcontact ustrack ordershippingfaqsonline pickupaccessibilitysms termsreturns/exchangessize guidesgift cardsour guaranteesuperior standardcounterfeit websitesproduct recallsabout usour storyour storesakhg®careersduluth loreduluth heroesinvestors© copyright 2025 duluth trading company. all rights reserved.privacy & security|terms & conditions|ca - transparency act|do not sell or share my info|site map