来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231233436/https://www.duluthtrading.com/content/faqs?feature=ftfq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | duluth trading company image/svg+xml store-hardest-working-coast-to-coast important shipping updatesave 25% on e-gift cards of $100+shop now50% off duluth favesouterwear, flannels, loungewear & moreunderwear from $9.75reg. from $18.50save 25% on e-gift cards of $100+shop now50% off duluth favesouterwear, flannels, loungewear & moreunderwear from $9.75reg. from $18.50best sellersgiftse-gift cardsmenwomengearnewakhg®salehome/faqsfrequently asked questionsordering & shippingreturnsproductspromotionswebotherordering & shippingwhat payment methods can i use?we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express credit cards. we also accept paypal and duluth trading gift cards.when will my package arrive?this will be determined based on your shipping method. see shipping information for shipping methods and delivery timeframes. if you have already placed an order, click here to see options for tracking your order.can i make changes to my order once it has been placed?we process our orders very quickly to get you your product as soon as possible. this means we are unable to change your order once it has been received. if you have questions about your order, please call a customer service representative at 1-866-300-9719.your shipping and processing rates seem high. why?our shipping and processing charges include the costs for processing your order, handling and packaging for the products you have purchased, and delivering them to your designated recipients. plus extra care and eagle-eyed attention to make sure we complete your order right and on time. occasionally we will offer free shipping and if you'd like to be notified of these events, you may want to sign up for our email offers. our email offers include information about product promotions, item giveaways and special offers, including free shipping. click here to sign up.how can i place my order?you can place an order online through www.duluthtrading.com or by telephone at 1-866-300-9719. we are no longer accepting mail-in order forms. please order online or call a customer service representative.how do i track my order online?you can check the status of your order, even if you’re not a registered user. please have your order number, email address and billing zip code associated with the order ready. you can also see your tracking information in your order history. after a shipping label is created, we’ll send a shipping notification email containing your tracking number with a link to live tracking status. as your items ship, the tracking link will automatically update to reflect the progress of your full order. please allow 1 business day after receiving your shipping notification for tracking to activate. if you have questions or trouble finding your order, please email customerservice@duluthtrading.com or call us at 1-866-300-9719.can you ship to an international address?yes! place your order online as usual; we will calculate the applicable shipping charges for the order based on the overseas shipping address. you may receive an email asking you to verify your billing and shipping information. your order will be processed and delivery should occur within approximately 14 days. duties, taxes and brokerage fees are the responsibility of the purchaser. they will be collected at time of delivery. if you have any questions, please call customer service at 1-866-300-9719. please note that select items may be unavailable to be shipped internationally. packages shipping to canada will be shipped via the united states postal service. transit time is approximately 6-10 business days. duties and taxes are the responsibility of the purchaser.will i receive an email confirmation when my order ships?yes, if your email address is on file with us, we will send you a confirmation email with your tracking information once your order has shipped. you will also receive an order confirmation via email when you complete an order online.what is expedited shipping and how does it work?we have three options for expedited shipping; ground, express and priority. see shipping information for options and costs.back to topreturnswhat is your no bull guarantee?we stand by the craftsmanship and durability of our products. if you are not satisfied with any item you purchase from duluth trading, return it for a refund within one year. after one year, we will also consider returns for items that are defective or don’t perform as designed. no bull means if something goes wrong, we will always treat you right. for guarantee details and special conditions, click here.how do i return something to duluth trading?not satisfied? return any purchase within one year for a refund of the original purchase price. after one year, we will also consider returns for defective items or those that don’t perform as designed. items you bought from us prior to august 7, 2019, are not subject to this time limit. we require proof of purchase to process a return or exchange. for purchases made online or by phone, you can find your order number on the shipping or order confirmation emails, or if you have an account, sign in, select order history, then locate the order you wish to return. you can make a return or exchange through our self-service page or in any of our 60+ duluth trading retail stores. if you need assistance with your return, just give us a call at 1-866-300-9719. visit our returns and exchanges page for complete information.how long will it take my return to be processed so i can receive my credit?please allow 10-15 days for a return to be processed. once it is processed, we will deduct $7.99 for the cost of return shipping and credit your original method of payment. the $7.99 fee will be waived when exchanging an item for a different size or color.can i exchange the products i ordered?yes! within one year of purchase, an exchange can be made, subject to the same conditions that apply to all returns and exchanges. we provide free shipping both ways when exchanging for a different size or color. you can make an exchange online, in any of our 60+ duluth trading retail stores or give us a call at 1-866-300-9719. for returns under $99, once you ship the item(s) back your exchange will be processed and we will send your new order to you with free shipping. for returns over $99, your exchange will be processed once the item(s) are received.can i track the progress of my return?if you used our self-service returns page to process a return, we’ll send you periodic emails with updates on your return. your return confirmation will also include a link to track your return shipment. if you returned your order using any other return method, please refer to the tracking procedure of the shipping method you used. if need help finding the status of your order, please give us a call at 1-866-300-9719.how do i contact customer service for return questions?if you have any questions, we’d love to help! just give us a call at 1-866-300-9719 or email us at returns@duluthtrading.com.what if i'm returning a gift?please give us a call at 1-866-300-9719.does duluth trading accept returns from duluth trading third-party dealers?unfortunately, we cannot refund or exchange a duluth item purchased through a third-party dealer. if you wish to return an item purchased from a duluth trading dealer, please contact the dealer for their return/exchange policy.where’s my packing slip?we’re no longer including packing slips with online and phone orders. if you’re looking for a receipt, please visit your order history on duluthtrading.com, then locate and select the correct order. you can also reference your shipping or order confirmation emails.back to topproductsare any of your products made in the usa?we're 100% committed to domestically sourcing as many of our products as possible and we do our best to identify imported vs. made-in-the usa items in our catalogs and on our website. we're also working toward bringing production of several of our best-selling items back to america. our goal is to bring you high-quality goods that also represent a great value. you can see all of our made-in-the-usa items here.can you send me a sample fabric swatch so i can see the color and feel the material?we wish we could comply with your request, but we currently do not provide sample fabric swatches. as a small company, we're out to make our products with as much quality and efficiency as possible, and we just don't have the fabric "extras" to share.how do i share product feedback?good, honest feedback from customers is the number one way we can make duluth trading an even better place for everyone. to let us know what you think about any of our products simply click here to send us an email.how can i determine the right size to order?our sizing chart can show you how to measure and help you determine the best size to order.do you sell gift cards?yes! we have several gift card styles for men and women. physical cards and e-gift cards are available in several denominations between $10 and $500. they can be redeemed for orders placed online, over the phone or in our retail locations. we'll even ship a card for free directly to the recipient if you like. you can find them here.are there restrictions to purchase a knife?you must be 18 years of age to buy a knife online or in-store. proof of age is required for in-store purchases. please check your local laws and regulations for any additional restrictions.back to toppromotionscan i use more than one promotion on the same order?we are only able to apply one promotion per order. our goal is to offer strong promotions multiple times a year, often with substantial price breaks, even on our best-selling items. as a result, promotional offers are not valid in combination with other offers. promotional offers are also not valid for use on prior purchases, or in the duluth trading store, unless clearly stated.how do i get the special offers shown in my catalog?first, locate the offer code on the back of your catalog. second, if placing an order online, please enter the code at checkout. if calling in your order, please tell the telephone sales representative your offer code and the promotion will be applied to your order.how do i use the offers that i receive in duluth trading emails?click through the email and it will take you to our website, where the promotion will automatically be applied. alternatively, you can search the fine print at the bottom of the email for our offer code. after you have retrieved the code, enter the code at checkout and your promotion will be applied!how do i receive that special offer found on the card in my last duluth order?first, locate the offer code on the the in-package offer card. second, if placing an order online, please enter the code at checkout. if calling in your order, please tell the telephone sales representative your offer code and the promotion will be applied to your order.why are brands like keen®, bronwen®, duke cannon®, buff®, acorn®, kavu®, danner® and born® excluded from deals and discounts?certain brands independent of duluth trading company have respective pricing policies that make them ineligible for our specific promotions and discounts. select items may be included under clearance on our website. check often for availability.do you offer a military or first responder discount?as a special thank-you to our veterans, active-duty military and first responders, we invite you to take an additional discount on duluth gear through our partners at id.me. visit duluthtrading.com/duluthheroes to learn more.do you offer a senior discount?at this time we do not offer a senior discount. the best way to save is to sign up for our email promotions. our email subscribers receive our very best deals, promotions and special offers. click here to sign up to receive emails.can i receive a refund if a product price drops after purchase?as that can depend on various factors, please give us a call at 866-300-9719 to see how we can create the right resolution for your specific purchase.why is a product’s price different online than in the catalog?created in advance to allow for printing and shipping, duluth trading catalogs list an item’s full price instead of reflecting promotions and deals that can change weekly or even daily. we invite you to see what’s in-store as well as our entire product selection online for the best pricing available.back to topwebcan i chat online with a customer service representative?yes! live chat is available online from 7 am to 8 pm ct weekdays and 8 am to 5 pm weekends. a live chat button appears at the bottom of most pages on the site, or at the top of pages while you're placing your order. chat may not be online if no agents are available.how do i create an online account with duluth trading company?an online account can be created when you place an order through our website. during the ordering process you will be asked to enter your email address and there will be an option to "create an online account". if you enter a password and if the email address is not already associated with another account, an account will automatically be created for you once you place your order. this will be useful later on for tracking order histories, accessing account information, making checkout easier and referencing items for future purchase. in addition, you can manage all of the emails from duluth trading company to receive special offers and promotions given only to our online purchasers. you can also create an account outside of the ordering process here.can i view the items i have ordered in the past and what i paid for them?yes, there is an easy way to view both of those things! in the my account menu, there is an option for "order history". "order history" will show you the details of each order associated with your email account including order number, order date, ship date, payment method, order status, which items you purchased, price of each item, any discounts and the total amount paid. online purchases made as a "guest" will not be displayed.how do i change the personal information in my online account?you will need to sign into your duluth trading account through the my account page. if you don't have an account yet, please see how do i create an online account with duluth trading company? above. use this list to understand where you can change specific information within the my account section. account address: edit your primary account and billing address account password: edit your account's password email preferences: set preferences for which emails you'd like to get or unsubscribe from emails address book: edit any shipping address and associated phone number order history: view your previously placed orders log out: sign out of your account i forgot my online account password! what should i do?never fear, we've made it easy to retrieve a forgotten password. just click "forgot password" on the my account login screen, enter your email address and click the "reset password" button. you will immediately receive a single-use link to reset your password. this link is only active for 30 minutes. if your link expires, you can request a new link by resubmitting the forgot password form.if i leave items in my cart and don't purchase them, will they remain there until i return to the website?if you leave items in your cart and leave the duluth website, the items will remain in your cart for up to 30 days provided that you are going back to the website from the same computer and same browser (and you have not cleared the cookies from your computer). leaving items in your cart does not mean that you are "holding" them, and it is possible that the items could be sold out when you return to your cart.how can i subscribe to your email list to get exclusive offers?signing up for our emails is a great way to take advantage of special email-only product deals and special offers. to subscribe, simply follow this link to to sign up for emails, fill in your information and preferences and hit the "subscribe now" button. please note: your email address is never sold or shared – and we promise you'll find something useful in every edition. if not, you can opt out at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of every email. to change your information, access "email preferences" in the my account menu, which allows you to change what emails you want to receive or unsubscribe from our email list.how do i write a product review on your website?to enter your review of any of our products, go to the product page and click on "write a review" at the top of the reviews section. follow the instructions for entering information into the product review page before submitting. please focus on the performance and quality of the product while writing your review. occasionally, we will send an offer to write a product review in exchange for free shipping on your next purchase. watch your email for these offers and take advantage. it's a great way to save a few bucks while helping to educate your fellow customer about our products.where do i enter the promotional code i have when ordering online?promo codes can be entered on the shopping cart page or within checkout. look for the “promo code” box, type in your promo code, and click "apply" to activate your code. if you’re using a valid promo code you should see a success message appear above the “promo code” box. if your code is showing as “not found”, check to make sure it was entered correctly.how can i access my address book to change my shipping or billing address?your address book is located in the my account menu. it allows you to create a list of family, friends and other shipping contacts that you can easily attach to future orders during the checkout process. to change or remove any of the addresses that you have already entered in your address book, just click the "account addresses" button or the "delete" button (respectively) under the address you want to change or remove. to add a new address, just select the button next to "add a new address" and enter the information below. your "account billing address" shown in your address book will be the current primary billing address on your account and is automatically updated whenever your billing address changes during the ordering process. you may update your billing address in the "account addresses" section of "my account", by placing a new order or contacting customer service. to set up a new default shipping address that is different from your primary account billing address, create a new address and check the "set as my default address" button before saving the new address.why do i have to input my credit or debit card number again, even though i chose to save it previously?the credit card number has to be re-entered whenever any important information changes in order to make sure this is an authorized use of your account. we take this additional security step when you use this card to ship to an address for the first time or have recently edited your shipping address.will any of my information ever be shared with anyone?please refer to our privacy policy for any information you may need. still have questions? contact customer service by email or at 1-866-300-9719.how do i store my credit or debit card information?you can store the card information during the ordering process. if you are logged in or create a new account while ordering, you will see a checkbox labeled "please save my card for future purchases" on the last page in checkout. just check the box and the card information will be saved to your account once your order is successfully placed.can i make updates to size, color or quantity of items once they are in my cart?once items are in your cart, you can remove item(s) or update the quantity that you wish to purchase. to remove an item from your cart, just click "remove." to update the quantity, click the plus or minus button next to the quantity box. in order to change the color or size of an item, you must go back to the product's page and select the new size or color you desire, add that item to your cart and then remove the item(s) you no longer wish to purchase.back to topotheris there a duluth trading co. retail store that i can visit?yes! there are many. several of our retail stores are uniquely themed. read about the duluth trading company retail store locations here.do you charge sales tax?yes, we collect sales tax for online orders shipped to states that require us to charge tax.what if there is an error in the listed price online or in the catalog?duluth trading company reserves the right to correct any pricing errors that may occur on our websites, through email offers or in our catalog.are all of your products included in every catalog?not by a long shot! make sure to check out this website often for our full range of products, including new arrivals for men, women and gear.back to topsign up for email and save!join our email list and get an exclusive discount on your first order! | new subscribers only.sign upby signing up, you agree to our privacy policyget 20% off your next order! text 'duluth' to 863377.offer valid for new subscribers only. by texting the keyword, you agree to receive recurring marketing text messages (e.g., cart reminders), which may be automated, to the mobile number used at opt-in from duluth. only u.s. mobile numbers are eligible to participate. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg frequency may vary. msg & data rates may apply. reply help for help and stop to cancel. see messaging terms and conditions & privacy policy.we stand by the craftsmanship of our functional, durable gear. learn more about our commitment-to-quality no bull guarantee and superior standard.contact ustrack ordercustomer supportcontact ustrack ordershippingfaqsonline pickupaccessibilitysms termsreturns/exchangessize guidesgift cardsour guaranteesuperior standardcounterfeit websitesabout usour storyour storesakhg®careersduluth loreduluth heroesinvestors© copyright 2024 duluth trading company. all rights reserved.privacy & security|terms & conditions|ca - transparency act|do not sell or share my info|site map