来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091027220222/http://www.hockeygiant.com/team.html
================================================================================

hockeygiant.com team sales program track your order | e-mail specials | basket | stores | help search clearance weekly specials goalie equipment sign up for e-mail specials fit & sizing guides hockey skates ice hockey skates inline hockey skates goalie hockey skates recreational ice skates hockey protective gear elbow, shin, shoulder helmets, cages, shields hockey gloves hockey pants & girdles hockey sticks composite hockey sticks composite hockey shafts    replacement hockey blades wood hockey sticks hockey stick accessories jersey & apparel hockey jerseys hockey socks hockey under apparel hockey shirts & tees jackets & sweatshirts hockey warm-ups hockey shorts & pants hockey hats hockey jersey customizing wheels & accessories inline hockey wheels inline hockey bearings inline hockey chassis hockey tool kits equipment bags hockey equipment bags hockey wheeled bags hockey backpack bags hockey stick bags hockey accessory bags more gear hockey accessories hockey tape women's hockey hockey referee equipment hockey camps lacrosse equipment mixed martial arts ---select a manufacturer bauer reebok ccm easton mission valken tour eagle eddy shock doctor hyper / bsb / kuzak lax ---select a nhl team nhl team store anaheim ducks atlanta thrashers boston bruins buffalo sabres calgary flames carolina hurricanes chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche columbus blue jackets dallas stars detroit red wings edmonton oilers florida panthers los angeles kings minnesota wild montreal canadiens nashville predators new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers phoenix coyotes pittsburgh penguins san jose sharks st. louis blues tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs vancouver canucks washington capitals product videos ccmccm u+skate ice hockey skates ccm u+stick composite sticks ccm v-10 composite sticks ccm vector ice hockey skates eagleeagle g70 hockey gloves eagle ppf hockey gloves easton apparel > easton bio dri goalie practice jerseys easton bio dri practice jerseys easton bio dri reversable practice jerseys easton hockey hoody lace up sweatshirts easton s.u.b hockey equipment bags easton s17 hockey gloves easton s17 hockey pants easton stealth s1 youth hockey pants easton stealth s15 motion hockey pants easton stealth s17 hockey equipment bags easton synergy board jock shorts easton synergy compression jock pants easton synergy compression jock shorts easton synergy s10 backpacks easton synergy st line wheeled bags easton synergy st14 youth hockey pants easton synergy st16 hockey pants easton synergy women's board jock shorts easton synergy women's compression jock pants easton synergy women's compression jock shorts skates > easton stealth s11 ice hockey skates easton stealth s15 ice hockey skates easton stealth s15 youth ice hockey skates easton stealth s3 ice hockey skates easton stealth s7 ice hockey skates easton synergy se10 ice hockey skates easton synergy se10 youth ice hockey skates easton synergy se16 ice hockey skates easton synergy se2 ice hockey skates easton synergy se6 ice hockey skates sticks > easton hockey s17 composite sticks easton stealth s11 hockey stick easton stealth s17 hockey stick easton stealth s5 hockey stick easton synergy elite hockey stick easton synergy se2 hockey stick easton synergy se6 hockey stick easton synergy st hockey stick protection > easton stealth s1 elbow pad easton stealth s1 hockey shinpad shin guards easton stealth s1 hockey shoulder pad easton stealth s1 soft cab youth elbow pad easton stealth s1 youth hockey shinpad shin guards easton stealth s1 youth hockey shoulder pad easton stealth s17 elbow pad easton stealth s17 face mask helmets easton stealth s17 hockey helmets easton stealth s17 hockey shinpad shin guards easton stealth s17 hockey shoulder pad easton stealth s3 hockey gloves easton stealth s3 youth hockey gloves easton stealth s5 hockey gloves easton stealth s7 elbow pad easton stealth s7 hockey gloves easton stealth s7 hockey shinpand shin guards easton stealth s7 hockey shoulder pad easton stealth s9 hockey helmets easton steatlth s1 hard cab youth elbow pad easton synergy se16 hockey gloves easton synergy se6 hockey gloves easton synergy st16 elbow pad easton synergy st16 hockey shinpad shin guards easton synergy st16 hockey shoulder pad easton synergy st4 elbow pad easton synergy st4 hockey shinpad shin guards easton synergy st4 hockey shoulder pad easton synergy st4 youth hockey shoulder pad easton synergy st6 elbow pad easton synergy st6 hockey shinpad shin guards easton synergy st6 hockey shoulder pad easton synergy sy50 hockey gloves easton synergy sy50 youth elbow pad easton synergy sy50 youth hockey shinpad shin guards easton synergy sy50 youth hockey shoulder pad mission itech mission itech uel ag ice hockey skates mission itech v7 helmets smart hockeysmart hockey ball training thermabladethermablade replacement blades tpstps 5050 hockey gloves tps hockey r10 composite sticks tps hockey r8 goalie pants tps hockey r8 goalie composite sticks tps r8 pro hockey gloves tps r8 series hockey gloves tps hockey r8 composite sticks tps hockey summit7 blockers tps hockey summit7 catcher catch gloves tps hockey summit7 & arm goalie chest pads tps hockey summit7 pad leg guards tps summit s7 series hockey gloves wsiwsi apparel undergarments home > hockeygiant > hockeygiant.com team sales programhockeygiant.com team sales program customization/graphics | contact | testimonials | coach's corner | team gallery | faq mission statement our goal is to build a long term relationship with each hockey team, coach, league, and organization by providing awesome service and satisfaction. we are experts in everything hockey, and offer the best selection, unmatched customer service, deliveries in a timely manner, strong customer service and satisfaction, and the best team specialists service on staff available anywhere. who's got your gear? to contact a team specialist call: 714-300-0708 ext. 5 or e-mail us at:teamsales@hockeygiant.com for mid-west sales, contact: steve dus952-881-1286 ext. 206sdus@sportsgiant.com selection the hockeygiant.com team sales specialists will guide you the through the hockey industry's most extensive inventory selection and advise you on important product information you may not have considered: in-house jersey customization bulk availability performance features sizing charts knowledgeable customer service quality products savings! here at hockeygiant.com we know it's not just our massive buying power and great pricing that makes us one of the best, it's our ability to deliver on time with accuracy and supreme quality, and our commitment to offering excellent customer service. the hockeygiant.com team specialist will help you realize the full potential of your budget by taking advantage of the options available through hockeygiant.com team sales: quantity discounts customization sponsorship special offers top brands hockeygiant.com's team sales program features the top brands in hockey equipment! nike, bauer, ccm, rbk, mission/itech, tps, easton, eagle, tour, sher-wood, ace, athletic knit, pro joy and many more... sublitwill custom logos/name plates/numbers using sublimation techniques, we can create full-color custom logos, name plates, or numbers quickly for you and your team. testimonials thank you so much for everything. you have been great to work with and i look forward to having some future work done with you guys again. - lisa kosto - mt. clemens predators hockey i wanted to thank you for doing such a great job with our custom uniforms and equipment this year. the overall communication and quality of uniforms were above the teams expectations. i never realized what a real team dealer can do for my team from creating a custom logo to rushing them out the door for our tournament. you have earned our future business and look forward to working with you again next season. - team lightning ...wanted to let you know how pleased i was with the jerseys. they are great and i am sure everyone back home will enjoy them over the holiday weekend ahead. i will give you a call next week to check in but wanted to let you know what a great job you did. thanks again for all your hard work and have a great thanksgiving. - chris overman - farm hockey i wanted to take a moment to thank you for your help last year getting hockey bags, sticks and other miscellaneous merchandise for my son and my team.  i appreciate the help given by you and your awesome customer service.  again, thanks and i look forward to talking to you soon. - best regards, al smith - atlanta fire hockey club wow… these jerseys look amazing. service, price and quality all exceeded our teams expectations. when our team decided on we wanted, we wanted to make sure they looked great. we even went with double color stitched names and numbers and all were completed and delivered as promised. i look forward to continuing doing business with the entire team at hockey giant. thanks again eric for you efficiency and outstanding attention to detail. - john cuni - blackhawks 110% satisfaction.  every transaction was smooth and the results were great.  i would recommend eric (escoboso) to anybody who wants professional service with a great attitude. - mike sotelo - toe 2 toe hockey club what can i say, great job. theses jerseys are awesome and the kids love them. created, produced and delivered all on time and professionally done! thanks - sincerely, kissimmee colts pee wee aa 96 travel hockey team great and fast service. employees and your self were easy to work with and everything went smooth appreciate all the help, and the communication through email and phone was great! thanks again. - scott morris steve has brought customer service to the highest level. communication is a big factor in business in today's world, and hockeygiant understands this. i have never received so many emails back so fast from anyone before like this. his knowledge in the industry great as well. hockeygiant understands what it is like trying to get a team together and all the road bumps along the way. they are very helpful in working with you as you are working with fundraising and getting everything in order. we have found hockeygiant to have the best products at the lowest prices. this usually does not come with great customer service, but they have been number one at that as well. if you are thinking about teams sales in any way, hockeygiant is the way to go. - murray state university hockey i ordered 30 hockey equipment bags from steve dus who is on the sales team at hockey giant in bloomington. i found steve to be very helpful when getting me the information i requested on the bags i was purchasing. he also made it clear to me when the hockey bags would arrive at their store and how much it would cost. with my busy schedule i found it great that my order was delivered to me personally instead of me having to pick it up at the store. i would defiantly go through hockey giant again! -chelsey brodt everything went great with our order. your communication was excellent and you did a great job getting us what we needed and when we needed it. this was a big order and i was worried it wouldn’t get done on time. i shouldn’t have worried! it would be my pleasure to work with hockey giant on a similar order again. -dave miller i recently went through hockey giant to get some jerseys made for my boot hockey league. i was dealing with steve dus. he was extremely helpful in the process. i ended up just ordering the jerseys from him. he was very personable and got back to me when he said he was going to, and he even went out of his way to call me and make sure i was getting exactly what i wanted. i will go through him again in the future and recommend him to anyone looking for jerseys or printing from someone knowledgeable who will not give them the runaround. all in all my experience dealing with steve and hockey giant could not have been better. -steve rousu live online help and call center hours of operation mon - fri  - 6 am to 6 pm pst sat  - 9 am to 5 pm pst sun  - closed information about hockeygiant store locations privacy policy press equipment buying guides hockey links customer service track your order help shipping returns faq's contact us gift certificates team salessign up for e-mails bauer hockey | ccm hockey| easton hockey | reebok hockey| mission hockey | tour hockey | nhl hockey apparel copyright © 2000, 2005 sportsgiant, llc. all rights reserved. hockeygiant™, hockeygiant.com™, and sportsgiant™ are operated by and are trademarks of sportsgiant llc. prices in our stores will vary from prices on our site. hockeygiant has been around since 2000 and is the top online retailer with the best selection of hockey equipment from the best manufacturers: bauer hockey, ccm hockey, easton hockey, reebok hockey, mission hockey, tour hockey, eagle hockey, under armour hockey, shock doctor and more along with nhl hockey apparel. our range of hockey equipment includes men’s, women’s and junior ice hockey skates, inline hockey skates, hockey sticks, nhl replica hockey jerseys, practice hockey jerseys, hockey gloves, hockey bags, hockey protective equipment, hockey pants and hockey accessories at the best prices. check out the most popular pages on our site so far in 2009. our clearance page where we have amazing deals on hockey equipment as well as our weekly specials. if hockey deals are what you’re looking for, be sure to sign up for our emails as well as follow us on facebook, twitter, and youtube for our great hockey coupon offers.