来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231215232427/https://www.andersenwindows.com/support/privacy-california/
================================================================================

california privacy policy | andersen windows my favorites contact us where to buy find a contractor become a certified contractor request a quote 1-800-426-4261 about windows doors ideas & inspiration parts & support for pros about andersen why andersen our story sustainability newsroom careers who we are innovation we're driven to develop new products and relationships that help make homes healthier, more sustainable and more reflective of the people who live in them. quality we put our products through the toughest tests so when you put them in your home, they’ll perform. that’s why andersen products rate #1 in quality and performance.* diversity & inclusion a proud part of andersen’s culture is embracing individual differences and celebrating diversity. we strive for an environment where every person is safe, respected and can be their authentic self. community through philanthropy, product donation and employee volunteerism, we're getting involved in our communities to make them stronger. windows by style awning bay & bow casement gliding pass-through picture single & double-hung specialty shapes helpful tools not sure? let us help you find your perfect window. window design tool explore options & design your own. windows by material wood composite (fibrex®) vinyl aluminum fiberglass windows by series explore our series e-series a-series 400 series 200 series 100 series compare more window options replacement windows coastal/impact windows options and accessories find my size other andersen brands heritage® renewal by andersen® door styles big doors commercial entry french & hinged patio gliding patio storm doors & screen doors all doors helpful tools not sure? let us help you find your perfect patio door. patio and entry door design tool explore options & design your own. doors by material wood composite (fibrex®) vinyl aluminum fiberglass doors by series explore our series e-series a-series 400 series 200 series 100 series big doors more door options replacement doors coastal/impact doors options and accessories indoor/outdoor living find my size other andersen brands heritage® renewal by andersen® get ideas get inspired kickstart your project with the latest trends from style and design experts. project showcase explore a few of the ways we’ve helped people build, remodel and restore their homes. photo gallery browse our photo gallery to get inspiration for your project. home style library industrial modern american farmhouse more home styles helpful tools find your perfect match discover your perfect windows and doors. window design tool explore options & design your own. need a replacement part? order window parts order patio door parts order storm & screen door parts check order status get help product support technical documents help identify my product installation support find a service provider warranties register my product parts catalog the window contractors trust the most learn why contractors trust andersen 400 series windows more than any other. the choice is simple. professional information for... architect builder remodeler replacement contractor commercial resources architectural tools - cad/bim/csi installation parts catalog performance data product guides service & warranty sizing dealer site compare product specs documents accessory guides area & opening specs e-series structural evaluations energy - nfrc - performance environmental - leed joining guides service guides test reports all technical documents looking for replacement parts? visit our online parts store looking for replacement parts?visit our online parts store 1-800-426-4261 request a quote renewal by andersen windows doors ideas & inspiration for pros parts & support about where to buy find a contractor feedback my favorites windows by style awning bay & bow casement gliding pass-through picture single & double-hung specialty shapes helpful tools not sure? window design tool windows by material wood composite (fibrex®) vinyl aluminum fiberglass windows by series explore our series e-series a-series 400 series 200 series 100 series compare more window options replacement windows coastal/impact windows options and accessories find my size other andersen brands heritage® renewal by andersen® door styles big doors commercial entry french & hinged patio gliding patio storm doors & screen doors all doors helpful tools not sure? patio and entry door design tool doors by material wood composite (fibrex®) vinyl aluminum fiberglass doors by series explore our series e-series a-series 400 series 200 series 100 series big doors more door options replacement doors coastal/impact doors options and accessories indoor/outdoor living find my size other andersen brands heritage® renewal by andersen® get ideas get inspired project showcase photo gallery home style library industrial modern american farmhouse more home styles helpful tools find your perfect match window design tool information for architects builders replacement contractors all pros tools & documents architectural tools - cad/bim/csi area & opening specs energy - nfrc - performance sizing all tools all technical documents additional resources installation parts catalog product guides service & warranty dealer site find parts parts catalog shop for window parts shop for patio door parts shop for storm door parts track my order contact us product support identify my window or patio door window and door help center storm door help center warranties register my warranty more resources sizing resources installation support technical documents contact us about andersen why andersen our story sustainability newsroom careers who we are innovation quality diversity & inclusion community home  support  california privacy policy andersen’s california consumer privacy notice last revised august 30, 2023 california privacy notice at andersen, the protection of your information is important to us. as stated in our general privacy policy, we comply with applicable law in the places where we operate. andersen’s california privacy rights notice supplements the information contained in our general privacy policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, employees, applicants for employment, and others who reside in the state of california and is provided to inform you, as a california resident, of your rights with respect to information collected by andersen windows, inc. its parent and subsidiaries (collectively, “andersen” or “we”). information we collect contact information: andersen collects contact information provided by you when you visit our sites. this includes, but is not limited to, names and user names, business name (if applicable), purchase history, billing and shipping addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, the location where you purchased andersen products, and other digital contact information. payment information: andersen collects your payment information when you purchase our products and services. payment information includes, but is not limited to, information from your credit or debit card, personal check, paypal account (or other electronic payment service provider), or gift card. payment information is used for payment processing and fraud prevention. andersen will not use your payment information for any other purpose. credit and identifier information: andersen may collect credit and identifier information about you in connection with the purchase, or attempted purchase, of our products and services. credit and identification information includes, but is not limited to, information about your credit history, income, social security number, and date of birth. andersen may use this information to, among other things, help you rehabilitate your credit. applications for employment: andersen may place job openings on the sites that require you to provide your personal information in connection with an application for employment. we collect your personal information, contact instructions, and information related to applicable work experience through online forms and other means. employment: if you are an andersen employee, andersen collects information related to your employment and other employment-related activities. we collect your personal information to allow us to, among other things, process your benefits, address insurance claims, and comply with government reporting and compliance regulations. information needed for warranty claims: when you make a claim under one of our written warranties, andersen will collect personal information from you relating to the initial purchase of the product to process the warranty request and prevent fraud. demographic information: andersen collects information about who you are, what you do, and where you live. this helps us put your feedback about our products and services into context so that we may serve you better in the future. location information: andersen collects location data obtained from your mobile device's gps or your ip address, depending on whether you are visiting the mobile or online version of our sites. in addition to any other uses noted in this privacy policy, we may use this location data to find an andersen dealer close to you. communications and promotions: andersen collects information provided when you communicate with us via blogs, social media sites, other offline communications (e.g., paper mailers, trade show attendance forms), or other online or in person communications (e.g., electronic entry forms, contact us forms). in addition, we may require that you provide personal information to access more detailed descriptions of our products or services or to better find products and services that we wish to market to you, which will then allow us to engage you in follow-up communications or to verify requests received from you. further, the sites sometimes include notices of promotions for which you can submit an online entry. surveys and polls: andersen values your opinions and comments, and we may conduct online surveys or polls. participation in these surveys and polls is always optional. the personal information collected via polls is aggregated and used to make improvements to the sites and to develop useful content, features, and promotions for visitors to our sites. the identity of survey or poll participants is anonymous unless the survey or poll either specifically requests personal information or otherwise states information is collected. other information: we collect information about the browser you are using as you visit our sites. we may also track the specific pages you visit, the website you came from, or the website you visit once you leave ours. information about minors: andersen’s sites are neither structured nor intended for users who are minors. andersen does not target, promote, or market products or services to minors. we do not knowingly collect personal information from minors, as defined by law. if we discover we have received personal information from a person under the age of 18 years, which has not been properly authorized, we will take reasonable steps to delete that data as quickly as possible. if you are age 13 through 17, you may contact us to specifically authorize the sale or sharing of your information. if you are under the age of 13, a parent or guardian must explicitly provide such consent on your behalf. how we use information about you in addition to the business reasons discussed above, andersen uses personal information (collected from you and/or your device) for system administration purposes, to enhance your experience while on our sites, to market our goods and services, and to otherwise transact or communicate with you. consistent with applicable law and the choices you make, specific uses may include, but are not limited to, the following: compiling figures for market research, data analytics, and website performance. providing descriptions of our products and services when you need them. noting color, style, and design preferences as you move through our sites. displaying advertisements personalized to individual interests or preferences, either on our sites or the sites of third-parties. tracking the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. setting in-home appointments upon your request. collecting information for lead-generation or the sale of additional products/services. assisting with the procurement of financing for your purchase of andersen products and/or services or rehabilitating your credit for the future purchase of andersen products and/or services. considering you for employment at andersen. for andersen employees, among other things, processing your benefits, addressing insurance claims, and comply with government reporting and compliance laws and regulations. facilitating transactions for the procurement of replacement parts. demonstrating andersen’s compliance with our legal obligations, policies, and procedures. any uses described in this section are not exclusive, and there may be additional uses for personal information indicated elsewhere in this privacy policy. retention of personal information typically, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in our privacy policy and this california privacy notice, to provide warranty and other maintenance services related to the products or services you have purchased from us, or as otherwise needed to provide or market products or services to you, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. please note that in many situations we must retain all, or a portion, of your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, to protect against fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, or for another one of our business purposes. your rights under the cpra right to know, access, request, and portability: if you are a resident of california, you have the right to request that andersen identify and disclose to you and deliver your personal information under our control, along with identifying and disclosing any personal information that is sold or shared and to whom. this information will be provided in the form of a report to you, free of charge. at the time your request is made, you may ask that the report be in either paper or electronic format. if in paper format, andersen will send the requested information via u.s. mail. if in electronic format, andersen will send the requested information via email. if you wish to have your personal information sent to a third party, please let us know where you want it sent. once your status as a california resident is confirmed and your identity and request verified, andersen will make all reasonable efforts to provide a response in 45 days but may notify you of our intention to extend the timing of our response for an additional 45 days (total of 90 days). once your identity and the relevance of your request have been verified, andersen will include the following information in our response: categories of personal information collected. categories of sources from which the personal information was collected. business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the information. categories of third parties with whom the business shares and/or sells the information. you may request a copy of your personal information no more than two (2) times in a 12-month period. please use this form to make your request. right to delete: if you are a resident of california, you have the right to request that andersen delete any personal information about you we have collected. once your status as a california resident is confirmed and your identity and request verified, andersen will delete the information and direct any third-party service providers to delete the information from its records. however, all or part of your personal information may be retained if it is needed by us for a reasonable business justification, including but not limited to the following: complete the transaction for which the information was collected, provide a good/service requested by you (or reasonably anticipated within the context of an ongoing business relationship with you), or otherwise perform a contract between andersen and you. detect security incidents or otherwise protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, up to and including pursuing prosecution of those responsible for the illegal activity. debug the information to identify and repair errors impacting functionality. exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law. comply with the california electronic communications privacy act. engage in public or peer-received scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest. enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with expectations based on your relationship with the business. fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall. comply with a legal obligation. otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information. please use this form to make your request. right to correct: if you are a resident of california, you have the right to request that andersen correct any incorrect or incomplete personal information about you we have collected. once your status as a california resident is confirmed and your identity and request verified, andersen will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the information and direct any third-party service providers to correct the information from its records. right to limit processing of sensitive personal information: if you are a resident of california, you have the right to request that andersen limit processing of sensitive personal information about you we have collected. once your status as a california resident is confirmed and your identity and request verified, andersen will limit the processing of sensitive personal information and direct any third-party service providers to limit the processing of sensitive personal information in its records. “sensitive personal information” includes: government identifiers, such as social security numbers and drivers’ license numbers account log-in information, including payment information in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account precise geolocation information racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership content of postal mail, email, and text messages, unless the business is the intended recipient of the subject communications genetic data, and biometric information that uniquely identifies a consumer or information concerning a consumer’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation. however, andersen may still process all or part of your sensitive personal information as reasonably necessary to perform certain business services, including but not limited to: complete the transaction for which the information was collected, provide a good/service requested by you (or reasonably anticipated within the context of an ongoing business relationship with you), or otherwise perform a contract between andersen and you. maintain and service your account and verify your information. process payments, provide financing, or provide similar services. process benefits, insurance claims, and other employment-related requirements (for andersen employees). show non-personalized advertisements during your visit(s) to the sites. verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services or products and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the services or products. detect security incidents or otherwise protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, up to and including pursuing prosecution of those responsible for the illegal activity. comply with a legal obligation (e.g., laws, court orders, subpoenas, investigations or inquiries by law enforcement agencies). exercise or defend legal claims. please use this form to make your request. disclosure of personal information: we disclose certain personal information to our suppliers so that such suppliers can help us market to, and communicate with, you. such personal information includes your name, phone number, email address, mailing or street address, and other contact information. if you are an employee, we disclose certain personal information to our suppliers or government agencies to provide benefits to you, perform compliance and regulatory tasks, and perform other employment-related tasks for, or related to, you. such personal information includes your name, phone number, email address, mailing or street address, social security number, date of birth, employee id, and other personal information. sale or sharing of personal information: we sell or share certain personal information to our authorized independent retailers, dealers, and certified contractors so that such authorized independent retailers, dealers, and certified contractors can set up appointments and market to you, including in the preceding twelve (12) months. such personal information includes your name, phone number, email address, mailing or street address, and other contact information. right to opt-out of sale and sharing of personal information: as a california resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale and sharing of your personal information by andersen. please click on “do not sell or share my personal info” to create a record of your choice to opt-out. you may also submit such a request using one of the methods listed at the end of this notice. if you choose to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, we may contact you after twelve (12) months to request authorization to sell or share your personal information. if andersen sells or shares your personal information before you opt-out, you have an additional right under the cpra to request disclosure of the following: categories of personal information andersen collected about you. categories of information andersen sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold. categories of information andersen disclosed about you for a business purpose. with this, a third party is prohibited from any further sale or sharing of your information purchased or received from andersen unless you receive explicit notice from that third party and are provided a separate opportunity to opt out. right of non-discrimination: andersen cannot deny provision, suggest that you will receive a different price or a different level or quality, retaliate against an employee, retaliate against an applicant for employment, retaliate against an independent contractor, or charge different prices for products or services if you exercise your rights under the cpra. right to notification of financial incentive: andersen may, on occasion, offer financial incentives, including payments as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale or sharing of personal information, or the deletion of information. other financial incentives may include offering a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to you if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to you by the personal information. as required by the cpra, andersen will notify you of incentives when offered. we will only enter you into a financial incentive program if you give us prior opt-in consent that clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program. your opt-in consent may be revoked at any time. exercising your rights in addition to the forms referenced above for making a request, you can exercise the rights afforded to you under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 or california privacy rights act (collectively, the “cpra”) in one of the following three ways. one: general privacy inquiry form two: by u.s. mail: attention: legal department, 100 fourth avenue north, bayport, mn 55003 three: by phone: 844-853-1096 please be aware that andersen must verify your identity before certain rights can be exercised. love the life you see® © 2023 andersen corporation. all rights reserved. about andersen about our story innovation quality community inclusion sustainability company news careers renewal by andersen visit renewal by andersen careers at renewal by andersen difference between andersen windows and renewal by andersen explore products explore types of windows explore doors ideas & inspiration energy efficiency find your perfect match coastal/impact solutions materials get started where to buy virtual showroom product support parts & accessories replacement windows replacement doors contact us find help technical documents dealer portal my andersen contact us faqs window & door safety andersen collects certain categories of personal information. see links for more information. terms | privacy policy | privacy notice for ca residents | eeo policy | opt out of sale or sharing of personal information | homeowner first name * last name * do not fill out this field. email * zip / postal code * * indicates a required field please fill out all required fields. by submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing communication, including promotions and offers, from andersen. view our privacy policy. thank you for submitting the form!