来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230094251/http://www.bareescentuals.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-BareEscentuals-Site/en_US/CustService-Show?brandId=BM
================================================================================

customer service | bare escentuals close {x} be a force of beauty. click here to learn more about the great features of bareescentuals.com and find locations where to shop near you. close {x} be a force of beauty. click here to learn more about the great features of bareescentuals.com and find locations where to shop near you. if our site doesn't look as beautiful as it should, you might be using ie6, ie7, firefox 2 or safari 2 .to browse and shop in full bare escentuals glory, please upgrade to your browser's most recent version. close give your inbox the make-under it deserves. sign up to receive emails from yours truly. you’ll be the first to know about new products, score tips & tricks, find out what’s happening on the bareblog…and so much more. tell us a little bit about you: close {x} please re-enter your first name please re-enter your last name please re-enter your email address please re-enter your zip * all fields required sign up bareescentuals privacy policy > gift cards the perfect gift use in-store, online, or with any of our catalogs. shop gift cards check gift card balance submit your balance is: $ usd united states other country sites united kingdom› france› $ usd |gift card |store locator | sign in | 0shopping bag just in new arrivals bare brush bar complexion rescue™ tinted hydrating gel cream bareskin™ pure brightening serum foundation tips & more be original. be natural. be good. #barestory videos power players stores & events share your story bareminerals club get started® kits foundation customer top rated exclusive get started kit with club membership award-winning multi wrinkle repair marvelous moxie lips face get started® kits foundation face primer mineral veil & finishing powders bb creams concealer & brighteners bronzer blush radiance all-over face color & warmth prep & prime time foundation primers eye primers eyes eye primer concealer & brighteners eyeshadow eye palettes eyeliners mascara brows lips lipgloss lipstick lipliner lip balm brushes & tools face brushes eye brushes lip brushes tools & accessories more ways to beauty exclusive get started kit with club membership auto delivery bareminerals club bareminerals eye club collections custom sets travel size award-winners gift card category cleansers serum essence moisturizers 3 part beauty ritual sunless tanning tips & advice foundation shade finder videos events new bare brush bar about our products foundation bareminerals ready® complexion perfection palette bareminerals ready® spf 20 foundation brighteners & concealers all over face color prime time™ 5 in 1 bb cream eyeshadow about us be original. be natural. be good. meet leslie careers share your story bareminerals club professional artistry makeup buff pro™ program your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. your browser currently is not set to accept cookies. please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies. customer service we love our customers at bare escentuals, giving our customers an extraordinary experience is first and foremost in everything we do. we are more than happy to assist you with product purchases, provide you with tips and techniques, and answer any questions you may have. shopping search for products search for gifts best sellers beauty q&a gift cards product information beauty tips and advice production availability ordering using the shopping bag shipping and packaging payment information catalog and phone orders international orders gift packaging payment methods samples and promotions billing order confirmation emails cancel/modify orders problems with checkout pre-authorization information international shipping returns cancellation policy shopping search for products use our comprehensive search box located in the upper right corner of our site to find the exact product you are looking for you can then browse through the results that fit your criteria. you can enter a product name, item number or any portion of the product description (color, finish, etc). you will then be able to browse through the results. back to top search for gifts trying to find a present for someone special? check out our gift section. if you still aren’t sure what to get pick up a gift card. it takes the guesswork out of the situation and they end up with exactly what they wanted. back to top best sellers not sure what the look of the season is? take a peek at our list of best sellers. back to top beauty q&a can't find that perfect shade of foundation and matching powder? visit our tips and advice pages created by users like you and our makeup experts. you can also visit our facebook page where users like yourself chime in on the best tips and tricks around. back to top gift cards buying a bare escentuals gift card bare escentuals gift cards may be purchased online, or through our customer service department in the following denominations - $25, $50, $75, $100, $250. gift cards may be purchased in any dollar amount in our bare escentuals boutiques. you can use a credit card or debit card to purchase a gift card online. gift cards may be used for making purchases at any bare escentuals boutique in the united states, bareescentuals.com, bareminerals.com, mdformulations.com and bebuxom.com. they are not redeemable at other bare escentuals retailers. shop for the bare escentuals gift card now! gift cards may be used multiple times. however, except as required by law, gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash. gift cards cannot be replaced and except as required by law, unused gift cards are not refundable. you can check the balance of your gift card online, by visiting a bare escentuals boutique or call us at 866.502.4832. if you want to check your balance online click the gift card link at the top of the page, enter your gift card number and press submit. gift cards do not expire in ca, ct, fl, il, me, mn, mt, nc, nh, or, ri, tn, and wa. in all other states, card expires seven years from date of issuance. some states may require us to turn over funds from unused gift cards to that state as early as two or three years from purchase, to be held by the state in your name. currently, bare escentuals gift cards are only available for purchase and use within the united states. back to top product information after you have found the product you were looking for, you can read about the benefits as well as tips on each product detail page. at the top left hand side of the page you will be able to read a brief description of the product. as you scroll down the page there will be additional details highlighting the benefits as well as tips and tricks. back to top beauty tips & advice our websites offer tips and tricks on each product page as well as on the tips and advice pages. you can access this valuable information by visiting the individual product pages or by rolling over the experience menu at the top of the website and selecting the tips and advice link. inside the tips and advice section are artist created looks, instructional how-tos, as well as tips submitted by our customers and our makeup experts. back to top product availability our websites carry a large assortment of bare escentuals, bareminerals, buxom and mdformulations products. many of our products our seasonal exclusives and once they are out of stock they will most likely not return. occasionally an item in our standard selection may be temporarily out of stock. we recommend that you check back on a weekly basis to see which items are back in stock. at this time we do not have a backorder system. back to top ordering using the shopping bag we make it easy to shop across our four websites: bareescentuals.com, bareminerals.com, bebuxom.com, and mdformulations.com. your shopping bag is universal, meaning you can shop across all of our sites and only check out once. ordering on our websites is quick and easy. 1) to add an item to your shopping bag, simply click on "add to bag" either on a category page or a product page. you will see the product added to your shopping bag at the top right of your page. 2) to view the items in your shopping bag click on the shopping bag icon in the upper right corner of the page. 3) to remove an item from your shopping bag, click the {x} located on the right of the product in your bag. your shopping bag will automatically recalculate your total. 4) to change the quantity of an item in your shopping bag, change the number in the qty box next to the product whose quantity you would like to modify. once done press the update cart button to recalculate the total of your shopping bag. 5) if you have a coupon or a promotional code, you will enter these codes on this page before you proceed to checkout. enter the code in the coupon code box at the bottom of the shopping cart page. once you press the apply button the promotional offer will appear automatically on the shopping bag page. back to top shipping and packaging make sure to provide accurate city, state and zip code information (due to canada and territories) to prevent any errors or delays in shipping. your shipping address must be in the united states, a united states territory or canada. our websites offer free standard shipping on all merchandise orders over $50 (excluding taxes) within the united states and its territories. at this time, we are unable to ship to p.o. boxes, outside the u.s. and canada, and do not allow rush shipping to canada. bare escentuals reserves the right to change this shipping promotion at any time. please see our shipping costs and delivery time below: shipping options standard shipping ground shipping rush shipping processing time 1-2 business days 1-2 business days 1-2 business days delivery time 6-8 business days 3-6 business days 2 business days total delivery time 7-10 business days 4-8 business days 3-4 business days order total standard shipping ground shipping rush shipping up to $20.00 $3.95 $5.95 $18.95 $20.01 to $40.00 $5.95 $7.95 $20.95 $40.01 to $49.99 $6.95 $8.95 $21.95 $50 or more free! $2.00 $15.00 *for canadian orders please add $10 to the fees above. ** please note shipping to hawaii, alaska, canada, puerto rico, and apo may take up to 21 business days for delivery. business days: monday – friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. if you are sending a gift, be sure to check the "gift receipt" box in the gift options section (located below the billing and shipping information.) if you would like to include a gift message you will also check the "gift message" box, select a greeting (optional) and fill in the text box with your optional gift message. to preview the message you can press the "preview message" button. the message you have entered will appear on the right. our apologies but at this time we do not offer gift wrap. back to top payment information we accept the following credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express and discover card. you can use gift cards in conjunction with your credit card payment. back to top catalog and phone orders by phone call toll-free 1.866.214.4076 mon-sat 8am-midnight est and sunday 10am-7pm est. credit card orders only. by fax 1.415.489.5994. 24 hours a day. 7 days a week. credit card orders only. by mail send your completed order form with check, money order or credit card information to: catalog orders bare escentuals p.o. box 600 san francisco, ca 94104 back to top international orders at this time we are unable to ship to any international locations outside of the united states or canada. back to top gift packaging at this time we do not offer gift packaging. back to top payment methods we accept the following credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express and discover card. you can use gift cards in conjunction with your credit card payment. back to top samples and promotions occasionally our websites will offer promotions through e-mails and advertisements. you will always receive free shipping on merchandise orders over $50. **please note that excessive misuse of promotions and codes may result in order or item cancellation. bare escentuals may restrict redemption to one per client. back to top billing order confirmation emails immediately after you have successfully placed your order on one of our websites, you will receive an e-mail that contains information regarding the details of your order. the order confirmation e-mail is your receipt; please feel free to print it for your records. the e-mail includes your order number, the details of the products, prices, quantities, promotional information, payment method(s), your shipping and billing addresses as well as the shipping method you selected. back to top canceling/modifying orders bare escentuals order process is automated to distribute products quickly and accurately. we apologize but once the order has been placed it can not be cancelled. for more information on returns, please visit our returns section. back to top problems with checkout if you seem to be having issues with the online checkout system, please feel free to call customer service at 866.214.4076 and have them assist you in completing your order over the phone. back to top pre-authorization information for your own security and protection, bareescentuals.com, bareminerals.com, bebuxom.com and mdformulations.com will pre-authorize the full amount of your cart (or first payment - if eligible for split pay) less any gift card redemption. please note that a $0.25 authorization could be placed on your card if there is an error made when entering your billing zip code , cvv or your credit card's expiration date. it is important to inform you that in the case of multiple entry errors additional $0.25 authorization charges may appear. this $0.25 authorization will drop off from your account within 5-7 business days depending on your financial institution. for club orders: if your tv offer get started kit or best value get started kit payment is made entirely with a gift card we request that you provide a credit card to cover future payments. upon completion of the first order the credit card entered will be charged a $0.25 authorization to verify that the card is valid. this $0.25 authorization will drop off from your account within 5-7 business days depending on your financial institution. the charge will be listed on your credit card bill as: bareescentualscom 888-795-4747 or bare escentuals beau800-227-3990 and the total amount charged. back to top international shipping at this time we cannot ship outside of the united state and canada. back to top returns if you'd like to return your purchase, we'd like to hear from you first. please call 888-795-4747 so we can assist you. returns must be made within 30 days of receipt. to return your products please include the packing slip with your return and ship to the address below. we suggest you ship via a traceable service to ensure delivery. address: 700 commerce parkway, west greenwood, in 46143 to return your product at a bare escentuals boutique, please present the original order confirmation email that includes the last four digit of the credit card used for the purchase. get started kit and bareminerals club membership purchases cannot be returned at bare escentuals boutiques. the bare escentuals gift card itself cannot be returned or redeemed for cash (except for where required by law). if you would like to return an item that was purchased by a bare escentuals gift card, your refund will be credited via a merchandise credit card. credit will be issued to the original form of payment for the amount of the item plus sales tax. shipping and handling charges are not included in refunds and customers are responsible for return shipping charges. the credit will appear on your bank statement within 1-2 billing cycles. if payment was made with a gift card, a merchandise credit will be issued for the credit amount. unused bare escentuals gift cards are not returnable or refundable, except as required by law. boutique and outlet receipt free returns. participants who use their fab friends and benefits boutique card when making purchases and returns at boutiques or outlets will not be required to provide a receipt when making returns. purchases made through customer service or bareescentuals.com are not eligible for receipt free returns. back to top cancellation policy our order process is automated to distribute products quickly and accurately. we apologize but once the order has been "checked out" it can not be cancelled. back to top customer service contact us feedback email sign up privacy policy terms of use faq's site map supply chain transparency recently viewed ready foundation broad spectrum spf 20 .... bareminerals ready eyeshadow 8.0 the posh .... loveliest of them all extra firming neck cream expandable makeup bag discover complexion rescue - natural 05 deluxe original foundation collector's edi.... marvelous moxie lipstick - fly high original foundation broad spectrum spf 15 .... swept away soft focus face brush renew & hydrate eye cream pretty pampered pretty amazing lipcolor - courage pop of passion lip oil-balm - nude passion marvelous moxie lipgloss - high roller makeup remover wipes matte foundation broad spectrum spf 15 .... matte foundation broad spectrum spf 15 - f.... double-ended shaping brush double-ended perfect fill lip brush brow powder - brunette marvelous moxie lipliner - revved marvelous moxie lipgloss - miss popular liner shadow - coffee bean give your inbox the make-under it deserves. sign up to receive emails from yours truly. you’ll be the first to know about new products, score tips & tricks, find out what’s happening on the bareblog…and so much more. tell us a little bit about you: close {x} * please re-enter your first name * please re-enter your last name * please re-enter your email address please re-enter your zip * all fields required sign up close {x} also see: bare escentuals buxom md formulations customer service 1.888.795.4747 contact us shipping policy return policy help & faqs services & support my account / sign in bareminerals club friends and benefits program wish list gift cards about us bareminerals story careers feedback sales policy supply chain transparency how to find us u.s. store locations international locations qvc site map © 2003-2015 bare escentuals beauty, inc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy