来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230094251/http://www.bareescentuals.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-BareEscentuals-Site/en_US/CustService-FAQS
================================================================================

sites-bareescentuals-site close {x} be a force of beauty. click here to learn more about the great features of bareescentuals.com and find locations where to shop near you. close {x} be a force of beauty. click here to learn more about the great features of bareescentuals.com and find locations where to shop near you. if our site doesn't look as beautiful as it should, you might be using ie6, ie7, firefox 2 or safari 2 .to browse and shop in full bare escentuals glory, please upgrade to your browser's most recent version. close give your inbox the make-under it deserves. sign up to receive emails from yours truly. you’ll be the first to know about new products, score tips & tricks, find out what’s happening on the bareblog…and so much more. tell us a little bit about you: close {x} please re-enter your first name please re-enter your last name please re-enter your email address please re-enter your zip * all fields required sign up bareescentuals privacy policy > gift cards the perfect gift use in-store, online, or with any of our catalogs. shop gift cards check gift card balance submit your balance is: $ usd united states other country sites united kingdom› france› $ usd |gift card |store locator | sign in | 0shopping bag just in new arrivals bare brush bar complexion rescue™ tinted hydrating gel cream bareskin™ pure brightening serum foundation tips & more be original. be natural. be good. #barestory videos power players stores & events share your story bareminerals club get started® kits foundation customer top rated award-winning exclusive get started kit with club membership multi wrinkle repair marvelous moxie lips face get started® kits foundation face primer mineral veil & finishing powders bb creams concealer & brighteners bronzer blush radiance all-over face color & warmth prep & prime time foundation primers eye primers eyes eye primer concealer & brighteners eyeshadow eye palettes eyeliners mascara brows lips lipgloss lipstick lipliner lip balm brushes & tools face brushes eye brushes lip brushes tools & accessories more ways to beauty exclusive get started kit with club membership auto delivery bareminerals club bareminerals eye club collections custom sets travel size award-winners gift card category cleansers serum essence moisturizers 3 part beauty ritual sunless tanning tips & advice foundation shade finder videos events new bare brush bar about our products foundation bareminerals ready® complexion perfection palette bareminerals ready® spf 20 foundation brighteners & concealers all over face color prime time™ 5 in 1 bb cream eyeshadow about us be original. be natural. be good. meet leslie careers share your story bareminerals club professional artistry makeup buff pro™ program your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. your browser currently is not set to accept cookies. please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies. customer service back to customer service faq's how can i track my order? what forms of payment do you accept online? what are your shipping costs and delivery schedule? do you ship to p.o boxes, apo/ap addresses, non-continental us or internationally? how do i return an item? what are your privacy and security policies? how do i contact someone at bare escentuals? have a beauty question? how do i learn more about gift cards? how do i participate in sampling and/or promotions? does your company test on animals or contain animal ingredients? does your company adhere to labor standards when it comes to children? why didn't i receive my birthday discount? what is the bareminerals club? what are the best internet browsers to use when accessing my account and placing an order? which bare escentuals products are free of wheat, oat, rye and/or barley derived ingredients? see all fab faq's how can i track my order? order confirmation emails immediately after you have successfully placed your order on one of our websites, you will receive an e-mail that contains information regarding the details of your order. the order confirmation e-mail is your receipt; please feel free to print it for your records. the e-mail includes your order number, the details of the products, prices, quantities, promotional information, payment method(s), your shipping and billing addresses as well as the shipping method you selected. shipment confirmation emails you can track the status of your order by clicking the link below "track your order" on your bare escentuals shipment confirmation email. canceling & modifying orders bare escentuals order process is automated to distribute products quickly and accurately. we apologize but once the order has been placed it can not be cancelled. for more information on returns, please visit our returns section. back to top what forms of payment do you accept online? credit cards we currently accept visa, master card, discover and american express for online order payments. gift cards online order payments can also be made with bare escentuals gift cards and merchandise cards that include a pin code. at this time we cannot accept non-registered visa or amex gift cards. back to top what are your shipping costs and delivery schedule? our websites offer free standard shipping on all merchandise orders over $50 (excluding taxes) within the united states and its territories. at this time, we are unable to ship to p.o. boxes, outside the u.s. and canada, and do not allow rush shipping to canada. bare escentuals reserves the right to change this shipping promotion at any time. please see our shipping costs and delivery time below: shipping options standard shipping ground shipping rush shipping processing time 1-2 business days 1-2 business days 1-2 business days delivery time 6-8 business days 3-6 business days 2 business days total delivery time 7-10 business days 4-8 business days 3-4 business days order total standard shipping ground shipping rush shipping up to $20.00 $3.95 $5.95 $18.95 $20.01 to $40.00 $5.95 $7.95 $20.95 $40.01 to $49.99 $6.95 $8.95 $21.95 $50 or more free! $2.00 $15.00 *for canadian orders please add $10 to the fees above. ** please note shipping to hawaii, alaska, puerto rico, and apo may take up to 21 business days for delivery. business days: monday – friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. back to top do you ship to p.o boxes, apo/ap addresses, non-continental us or internationally? p.o. boxes & apo addresses at this time, we are unable to offer ground or rush shipping to p.o. boxes, are unable to ship to p.o. boxes outside the u.s. and canada, and do not allow rush shipping to canada. bare escentuals cannot be responsible for customer errors in the shipping portion of the checkout and will not beresponsible for missing packages that are confirmed delivered by the shipper. non-continental us we currently ship to hawaii and alaska. international at this time we cannot ship to any international locations outside of canada. back to top how do i return an item? return process for website purchased product orders if you choose to return a product purchased on one of our websites you can choose from two return methods: 1) returning to a bare escentuals boutique: if you choose to return your product(s) at a boutique it needs to be accompanied with a receipt. returns without receipt may only be entitled to boutique credit. customers please be advised: we cannot accept starter kit returns in the bare escentuals boutiques. they must be returned to the address below. all credits will be applied to the original form of payment. for credit card purchases please allow 1 billing cycle for credit to appear on your billing statement. if the original form of payment was a check, you will be refunded by check mailed to you within 30 days. 2) returning via mail: if you choose to return your product(s) via mail you may return the product(s) within 30 days of purchase. all returns must be accompanied by a proof of purchase to receive a refund. naturally, we cannot take returns on overly used products. shipping and handling are not included in refunds and customer is responsible for return shipping charges; cod's will not be accepted. all products returned by mail must have been purchased through a bare escentuals inc. website. you will be credited for the full purchase amount less shipping and handling. please include packing slip or minimum order information, order number, bill to information, and reason for return. we do suggest that you copy all returned paperwork and utilize a traceable return shipping option. send returns to: bare escentuals inc. attention: returns 700 commerce parkway west greenwood, in 46143 please note: we do not reimburse return shipping charges. website, catalogue and phone orders may be returned at any bare escentuals boutique and must be accompanied by a receipt or packing slip. find the closest boutique . return process for bare escentuals gift cards: the bare escentuals gift card itself cannot be returned or redeemed for cash. (except for where required by law) if you would like to return an item that was purchased by a bare escentuals gift card, your refund will be credited via a merchandise credit card. return process for bareminerals.com starter kit orders if you choose to return your start kit or other items from a bareminerals.com, infomercial or phone purchase, our warranty policy states, if for any reason you are not satisfied with your infomercial starter kit, you may return it within 30 days of purchase for a full refund of the purchase amount less shipping and handling. all returns must be accompanied by a proof of purchase to receive a refund. please include packing slip or minimum order information, order number, bill to information, and reason for return. we do suggest that you copy all returned paperwork and utilize a traceable return shipping option. send returns to: bare escentuals beauty, inc. customer returns 5271 centerpoint parkway groveport, oh 43125 please note: we do not reimburse return shipping charges. all credits will be applied to the original form of payment. for credit card purchases please allow 1 billing cycle for credit to appear on your billing statement. if the original form of payment was a check, you will be refunded by check mailed to you within 30 days. customers please be advised: we cannot accept starter kit returns in the bare escentuals boutiques. they must be returned to the address above. back to top what are your privacy and security policies? you can view our privacy and security policies here. back to top how do i contact someone at bare escentuals? please visit our contact us page to connect with a bare escentuals representative. back to top have a beauty question? can't find that perfect shade of foundation and matching powder? visit our tips and advice pages created by users like you and our european artistry team. we also have trained beauty associates at our customer service centre available to chat with you. please call them at 0800 652 3362 (monday to friday, 9am-5:30pm). you can also visit our facebook page where users like yourself chime in on the best tips and tricks around. beauty advice consultations our bare escentuals boutiques host in-store beauty events with our national artistry team throughout the year. back to top how do i learn more about gift cards? gift cards may be used multiple times. however, gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash and no change will be given (except in ca, ma, me, mt, wa and vt, to the extent required by law, and wherever else required by law). gift cards cannot be replaced if lost or stolen, except as required by law. you can check the balance and expiration date of your gift card online, by visiting a bare escentuals boutique or call us at 866.502.4832. if you want to check your balance online click the gift card link at the top of the page, enter your gift card number and press submit. gift cards do not expire in ca, ct, fl, il, me, mn, mt, nc, nh, or, ri, tn, and wa. in all other states, card expires seven years from date of issuance. some states may require us to turn over funds from unused gift cards to that state as early as two or three years from purchase, to be held by the state in your name. currently, bare escentuals gift cards are only available for purchase and use within the united states. buying a bare escentuals gift card bare escentuals gift cards may be purchased online, or through our customer service department in the following denominations - $25, $50, $75, $100, $250. gift cards may be purchased in any dollar amount in our bare escentuals boutiques. you can use a credit card or debit card to purchase a gift card online. gift cards may be used for making purchases at any bare escentuals boutique in the united states, bareescentuals.com, bareminerals.com, mdformulations.com and bebuxom.com. they are not redeemable at other bare escentuals retailers, which also excludes salons and spas. shop for the bare escentuals gift card now! what is the gift card return policy? the bare escentuals gift card itself cannot be returned or redeemed for cash. (except for where required by law) if you would like to return an item that was purchased by a bare escentuals gift card, your refund will be credited via a merchandise credit card. what about shipping and tax on gift cards? gift cards, when purchased, are exempt from tax and when only gift cards are purchased and they are shipped with free standard shipping. gift cards can be shipped rush delivery, with a $15 rush shipping charge. in the case of an order containing a gift card and product, the gift card amount does not count toward the tax or shipping & handling totals. back to top how do i participate in sampling and/or promotions? occasionally our websites will offer promotions through e-mails and advertisements. you will always receive free shipping on merchandise orders over $50. **please note that excessive misuse of promotions and codes may result in order or item cancellation. bare escentuals may restrict redemption to one per client. coupon codes to redeem a coupon code (also known as a promotional code) enter the code while looking at your shopping bag. in your shopping bag enter your code in the "coupon code" area. push the "apply" button to see the coupon code added to your shopping bag. please remember to enter the coupon code exactly the same way you received it (caps or non-caps) otherwise your coupon will not be applied to your order. to remove a coupon code simply press the {x} on the right of the code in your shopping bag. free samples on occasion our websites may offer free samples with any purchase. these could be added automatically to your shopping bag or coupon generated. please see the terms and restrictions of the specific offer for more details. free shipping with purchase you will always receive free shipping on merchandise subtotal on orders over $50. occasionally our websites may offer free shipping with a purchase below $50. this could be automatic or coupon generated. please see the terms and restrictions of the specific offer for more details. back to top does your company test on animals or contain animal ingredients? please feel at ease when using bare escentuals and mdformulations products as we do not test any products on animals. we also do not work with any manufacturers that do animal testing. bare escentuals natural haired brushes are made of goat and pony. please note that no animals are harmed in the process of making our brushes. for our customers who chose not to use animal haired brushes we do offer a variety of high end synthetic brushes. back to top does your company adhere to labor standards when it comes to children? please be assured that bare escentuals does not do business with any domestic or foreign companies that use child labor. back to top back to top why didn’t i receive my birthday discount? our bareminerals boutique birthday discount was discontinued on may 1, 2012. be sure to sign up for our fab friends and benefits program that recognizes and rewards customers for their purchases at bareminerals boutiques, our customer call center and online at bareminerals.com. members receive personalized birthday gifts, special discounts, and other perks. sign up for our fab program here. back to top what is the bareminerals club? please click here to learn more about the bareminerals club. how do i sign up? if you’d like to have your bare minerals foundation and mineral veil delivered right to your door when you need it, click here. being a club member also has the perks of advanced offers by email and free gifts from leslie. how can i update my information? 						manage your account online by logging in here or by calling our customer contact center at 1-888-795-4747. there you can customize your shipments-change how often they arrive and what shades of foundation you receive. how can i change my payment options? future shipments? 2nd payment? you may update your credit card on file for future shipments by logging to your account or by calling 1-888-795-4747. to update your credit card for a 2nd payment, please call 1-800-451-3940. please note that updating your credit card online will not update payment method for any outstanding 2nd payments. how can i cancel? 						you can cancel your bareminerals club membership by calling 1-888-795-4747. back to top what are the best internet browsers to use when accessing my account and placing an order? for optimal performance on our website, we recommend firefox, chrome, internet explorer v9 or internet explorer v10. back to top which bare escentuals products are free of wheat, oat, rye and/or barley derived ingredients? many of our products do not contain ingredients derived from barley, oats, rye, spelt or wheat, which are commonly known sources of gluten. however, due to the wide range of raw materials and equipment used during the manufacturing of our products, we cannot confirm that our products are free from any traces of gluten. if you have specific questions or concerns regarding gluten, and the ingredients contained in our formulas, we recommend that you consult your physician. back to top fab faq's what is the fab friends and benefits program? does it cost anything to become a friends and benefits member? how do i become a friends and benefits member? the call center agent wasn't able to address my friends and benefits needs. why? why have i not been enrolled into the friends and benefits program, even though i already signed up? do i still have to sign up for friends and benefits if i already have a my store account with bareminerals? will i be charged for shipping when redeeming my gift online? i forgot to sign in to my friends and benefits account before i made an online purchase. can my purchase still be tracked? how do i become eligible for a personal sale day? why did i receive a birthday gift instead of a discount? what happens to my bareminerals preferred customer card now that the friends and benefits program exists? what is the fab friends and benefits program? our friends and benefits program, otherwise known as fab, is a unique loyalty program that recognizes and rewards customers for their purchases at bareminerals boutiques, our customer call center and online at bareminerals.com, as well as participating in the bareminerals online community. members receive gifts discounts, and other perks, and will also be invited to special events. back to top does it cost anything to become a friends and benefits member? no, there is no cost to join the program. back to top how do i become a friends and benefits member? simply click here to sign up for the program online, or call our customer call center number at 866.332.0296. you can also enroll at any bareminerals boutique. find a boutique near you here. back to top the call center agent wasn't able to address my friends and benefits needs. why? always call our customer call center for friends and benefits-related calls at 866.332.0296. the call center representatives answering the phone numbers used in tv/radio offers do not have access to friends and benefits accounts and cannot redeem gifts/promotions. back to top why have i not been enrolled into the friends and benefits program, even though i already signed up? if you have not received an email from bareminerals confirming your enrollment in the friends and benefits program, we may have had a problem with your email address. your online friends and benefits account requires a functional email address. back to top do i still have to sign up for friends and benefits if i already have a my store account with bareminerals? yes. simply sign into your current my store account on bareminerals.com and sign up for the friends and benefits program. it’s as easy as that. back to top will i be charged for shipping when redeeming my gift online? if you received a free gift or discount on a product, you still need to pay shipping & handling when shopping online. back to top i forgot to sign in to my friends and benefits account before i made an online purchase. can my purchase still be tracked? no, please always sign in to your friends and benefits account before you checkout to ensure that we know you are a friends and benefits member. back to top how do i become eligible for a personal sale day? once you complete your friends and benefits profile you'll become eligible for your personal sale day. back to top why did i receive a birthday gift instead of a discount? our bareminerals boutique birthday discount was discontinued on may 1, 2012. members of our fab friends and benefits program receive personalized birthday gifts. other perks of our fab program include a personal sale day of your choice to enjoy 15% off any purchase, invites to special events, and more. for more information on the fab program or to sign up, click here. back to top what happens to my bareminerals preferred customer card now that the friends and benefits program exists? we created the friends and benefits program to provide our best customers with even more benefits than ever before. the friends and benefits program has now absorbed the punch card program, and provides you with an even better reward for your purchases. the punch cards stopped being issued on april 29, 2012, and eligibility to redeem these punch cards ended on september 30, 2012. additional faq’s for members can be found in your fab friends and benefits account here. back to top contact us bareminerals fab friends and benefits customer call center email: fab@bareminerals.com phone: 866.332.0296 customer service contact us feedback email sign up privacy policy terms of use faq's site map supply chain transparency recently viewed marvelous moxie lipstick - fly high original foundation broad spectrum spf 15 .... swept away soft focus face brush renew & hydrate eye cream pretty pampered pretty amazing lipcolor - courage pop of passion lip oil-balm - nude passion marvelous moxie lipgloss - high roller makeup remover wipes matte foundation broad spectrum spf 15 .... matte foundation broad spectrum spf 15 - f.... double-ended shaping brush double-ended perfect fill lip brush brow powder - brunette marvelous moxie lipliner - revved marvelous moxie lipgloss - miss popular liner shadow - coffee bean give your inbox the make-under it deserves. sign up to receive emails from yours truly. you’ll be the first to know about new products, score tips & tricks, find out what’s happening on the bareblog…and so much more. tell us a little bit about you: close {x} * please re-enter your first name * please re-enter your last name * please re-enter your email address please re-enter your zip * all fields required sign up close {x} also see: bare minerals buxom md formulations customer service 1.888.795.4747 contact us shipping policy return policy help & faqs services & support my account / sign in bareminerals club friends and benefits program wish list gift cards about us bare escentuals story careers feedback sales policy supply chain transparency how to find us u.s. store locations international locations qvc site map © 2003-2015 bare escentuals beauty, inc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy