来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181226050354/https://www.bluenile.com/education/diamonds/color?track=NavEduDiaColor
================================================================================

diamond color: grade chart and buying tips | blue nile find your perfect diamond | explore our diamonds > shipping to: loading... language: loading... currency: loading... product selection may have changed due to availability because of each country's product availability, the selection on this site may not be the same as the one you were previously on. confirm cancel enter to win! a blue nile engagement ring and wedding bands worth $10,000! your email please enter a valid email i agree to the official sweepstakes rules, that i am 18 years of age or older, and to receive exclusive email offers from blue nile. submit entry thank you you're entered to win. keep an eye on your inbox for exclusive offers and $20 to spend now, on us. tell us more about yourself so we can send you our most relevant offers (optional). zip code please enter a valid zip code gender please enter a valid gender select male female i'd rather not say relationship status please select a marital status select single engaged soon engaged married submit thank you you're entered to win. keep an eye on your inbox for exclusive offers and $20 to spend now, on us. thank you!your information was received. continue shopping we're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. please try again later. continue shopping we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure entry is from a human. go to sweepstakes entry page free shipping, free returns live chat 1-800-242-2728 24-7 sign in wish list english, usd please select your shipping destination & currency where we ship blue nile shipping policies español menu free shipping, free returns free shipping, free returns diamonds diamonds diamond shape round princess emerald asscher cushion radiant pear oval marquise heart astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds build your own ring earrings pendant learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry view all diamonds cut for brilliance learn more engagement rings engagement rings build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone recently purchased ready to ship rings ring size help top engagement rings view all engagement styles the gallery collection™ view now > wedding rings wedding rings women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings monique lhuillier truly zac posen couple rings view all wedding rings jewelry jewelry earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement jewelry birthstone designer new arrivals sale under $100 view all jewelry gifts gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz top ten gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry view all birthstone jewelry education education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide ring size help service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blog view all education education diamond education color diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets buying guides ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver palladium tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds diamond color after diamond cut, diamond color is the second most important characteristic to consider when choosing a diamond. the highest quality diamonds are colorless, while those of lower quality have noticeable color, which manifests as pale yellow in diamonds. the gemological institute of america (gia) grades diamond color on a scale of d (colorless) to z (light yellow or brown). d-z diamonds are also known as white diamonds, even though most diamonds, including h color diamonds and g color diamonds, have varying amounts of color. diamond colors according to the diamond color chart the gia diamond color scale is the leading industry standard of diamond color grading. before this was the standard, other color grading scales used a, b and c, so gia started their scale at d to avoid confusion. there are six categories on the gia diamond chart, with color grades that range from absolutely colorless to light in color. diamonds rated d are the most devoid of color and very rare, whereas g color diamonds and h color diamonds are near colorless, and since they’re priced lower they are excellent value diamonds. the more you move down the color chart, the lower the color grade is, and the more noticeable the light yellow hue becomes. k-z j i h g f e d k-z color diamonds (faint to light color) from k color diamonds on, color is visible to the naked eye. most feel these diamonds have too much of a warm color. k color diamonds are usually half the price of g color diamonds. blue nile does not carry k-z color diamonds. j color diamond (colorless) a good value, the naked eye can’t easily detect the light yellow tone unless compared side-by-side with diamonds of i grades or higher. j color grade diamonds pair well with yellow gold ring settings. eight percent of customers choose a j color diamond. see j graded diamonds i color diamond (colorless) still a great value, the slight yellow tint of i color diamonds are only detected when compared side-by-side with diamonds of h grades or higher. this color grade also pairs well with yellow gold. fifteen percent of customers choose an i color diamond. see i graded diamonds h color diamond (colorless) the faint yellow hue is also difficult to detect in h color diamonds, which are an excellent value and pair well with yellow gold settings. the color difference between h color diamonds and g color diamonds is very difficult to detect unless compared side-by-side against diamonds of higher color grades. fifteen percent of customers choose an h color diamond. see h graded diamonds g color diamond (colorless) in g color diamonds, the very slight warm and light yellow tone is difficult to detect unless compared side-by-side with diamonds of better grades. an excellent value, this color grade pairs well with yellow gold. eighteen percent of customers choose a g color diamond. see g graded diamonds f color diamond (colorless) only a gemologist can detect the minute color differences between e, f, and d color diamonds. f color diamonds are comparable to d or e color diamonds. the whitest of white diamonds, d-f color diamonds, pair well with white gold or platinum settings. twenty percent of customers choose an f color diamond. see f graded diamonds e color diamond (colorless) like d color diamonds, e color diamonds are quite rare and have minute traces of color largely unnoticeable to an untrained eye. it takes an expert gemologist to detect the minute traces of color in this grade. sixteen percent of customers choose an e color grade diamond. see e graded diamonds d color diamonds (absolutely colorless) d color diamond is the highest grade and is extremely rare—the highest color grade that money can buy. eight percent of customers choose a d color diamond. see d graded diamonds diamond color buying tips if you're looking to buy fine diamond jewelry such as an engagement ring, it's important to understand how diamond color affects price. here are a few buying tips and things to know about diamond color. diamond color is the second most important factor when it comes to diamonds, less color means higher quality. while brilliance is the first thing you notice about a diamond, color is the second. the higher the color grade, the less color there is, and the more expensive it will be. near colorless diamonds are the best value for the best value, choose g-j diamond color grades in the near colorless category. with these diamonds, the naked eye can’t discern any color. the visible difference between diamonds of one color grade (g-h or i-j) is so minor it's difficult to detect with the unaided eye, but the cost savings can be significant. keep this in mind when choosing your diamond color grade. in general, to avoid a pale yellow color, choose a diamond grade h or higher. for the purist, look for a d to f grade colorless diamond, which will have no discernible color under magnification. diamond shape, size and ring metals matter diamond shape, size and your ring’s metal setting can visually impact diamond color. ring setting — pairing diamonds with similar toned metals can neutralize color in the diamond. consider setting higher color grade diamonds like near colorless diamonds (g-j) in yellow gold and colorless diamonds (d-f) in white gold or platinum. a gold setting may show through a colorless diamond. diamond shape — some diamond shapes may show or mask color to varying degrees. for example, brilliant-cut shapes such as round and princess reflect more light, which means more color is masked. step-cut diamonds (emerald and asscher cuts) may show more color because they are cut with fewer facets, resulting in bigger "windows" through which to see the color. fancy shaped diamonds, like pear and marquise may also show slightly more concentrated color at their points. diamond size — color is easier to see in larger diamonds. if you want a diamond above 1 carat, choose a g or h colored diamond. i-j color diamonds are best when just under a carat. shop blue nile diamonds by color grade blue nile offers only colorless and near-colorless diamonds to assure that any natural color present is typically undetectable to the naked eye. we offer: colorless diamonds d-f color diamonds (highest quality) near colorless diamonds g-h color diamonds (best value) i-j color diamonds (great with yellow gold) white diamonds vs. colored diamonds when is color a good thing? when it refers to the rainbow spectrum of colors – red, orange, yellow, green, blue, pink, purple, and more – that diamonds come in. these are known as colored diamonds. only one in every 10,000 diamonds possess natural color, and the more intense the color, the more rare and valuable the diamond. colored diamonds are graded on a separate diamond color scale and can be even more valuable than white diamonds.   learn more about colored diamonds next: diamond clarity learn more diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets buying guides ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver palladium tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian get exclusive offers and news enter a valid email address. processing error, please try again. thanks, you're on the list. connect customer service live chat 1-800-242-2728 email us faqs help topics order status returns refer a friend why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews industry awards in the news blue nile blog careers locations guides & education choosing a diamond know the 4cs video astor by blue nile™ precious metals gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide engagement rings wedding rings find your ring size give us feedback shipping destination & currency account sign in/create your account customer care connect with our jewelryconsultants: live chat 1-800-242-2728 email us faqs help topics order status returns refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews industry awards in the news blue nile blog careers locations guides & education choosing a diamond know the 4cs video astor by blue nile™ precious metals gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide engagement rings wedding rings find your ring size give us your feedback email if provided, email must be valid comment* please enter your feedback *required field we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. submit thank you thank you for taking the time to give us your input. we're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. please try again later. continue shopping we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure feedback is from a human. continue shopping updated privacy policy terms & conditions site map © 1999-2019 blue nile inc. diamonds shop all diamonds search for diamonds astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds build your owndiamond jewelry® engagement shop all engagement build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting engagement ring styles designer engagement rings wedding shop all wedding rings men's wedding rings women's wedding rings diamond wedding rings designer wedding rings wedding party gifts jewelry shop all jewelry earrings necklaces bracelets rings diamond jewelry gifts shop all gifts gifts for her gifts for him anniversary gifts birthstone jewelry top ten under $100 sale education view all education diamond engagement wedding rings jewelry blue nile blog shopping basket wish list create an account sign in