来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230045040/https://www.bluenile.com/education/rings/engagement-ring-guide
================================================================================

engagement ring buying guide | blue nile skip to main content get our diamond-buying cheat sheet | sign up for our emails now > shipping to: loading... language: loading... currency: loading... product selection may have changed due to availability because of each country's product availability, the selection on this site may not be the same as the one you were previously on. confirm cancel free shipping, free returns 1-800-242-2728 stores this webroom feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader virtual appointment this appointment feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader sign in 0 wish list english, usd please select your shipping destination & currency where we ship blue nile shipping policies español 0 free shipping, free returns free shipping, free returns diamonds diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds build your own jewelry ring earrings pendant learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry view all diamonds cut for brilliance learn more engagement rings engagement rings build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone designer rings monique lhuillier zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ ten/ten designers recently purchased ready to ship rings ring size help top engagement rings view all engagement styles wedding rings wedding rings women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings monique lhuillier zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ view all wedding rings couple rings shop now > jewelry jewelry earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement jewelry birthstone designer new arrivals sale under $100 designer jewelry monique lhuillier monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ lab-grown diamond jewelry view all jewelry gifts gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry view all gifts education education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab-grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide ring size help service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blog view all education education>ring education>engagement ring guide diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab-grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian engagement ring guide welcome to the blue nile guide to custom engagement rings, featuring everything you need to know to maximize sparkle—and your budget. welcome to the blue nile guide to custom engagement rings, featuring everything you need to know to maximize sparkle—and your budget. as the largest online retailer of certified diamonds and fine jewelry, we can say with confidence that you’ve come to the right place. our selection, quality and expertise are unsurpassed. we’re here to help you design an engagement ring that reflects your intentions, your budget, and basically everything and anything that matters most to you. what does an engagement ring symbolize? an engagement ring has long symbolized a proposal of marriage, and our instagram feed is full of these magic moments. you know the ones, right? where excited, and slightly nervous, proposers are down on one knee. the meaning of an engagement ring speaks volumes: it’s a clear and tangible symbol that you are beloved, and that the person presenting the ring wants to make your relationship official. while any ring can be considered an engagement ring, by far the most popular engagement ring contains a diamond. of course, the sky’s the limit when it comes to finding your perfect ring. there are no rules—and that includes, what finger the engagement ring is worn on. traditionally in western cultures, an engagement ring is worn on the third finger of the left hand, and, like a wedding ring, it’s a clear and very visible way to indicate that you’re in a relationship. however, some cultures wear engagement rings on the right hand, because the left hand is considered unlucky. what feels right to you? however you celebrate, we’re here to help make it happen. shop engagement rings the difference between an engagement ring and a wedding ring traditionally, an engagement ring is what’s presented during a marriage proposal and a wedding ring is what partners give to each other during the wedding ceremony. it’s also common for an engagement ring to be more ornate than a wedding ring. one of our best selling combinations is a round diamond solitaire engagement ring paired with a diamond pavé wedding band. on the flipside, we have many customers who love to turn tradition on its head: some customers forgo the engagement ring altogether and choose matching bands. other couples double up on sparkle, with stacking rings that bookend the engagement ring. if you are planning to exchange wedding rings, you might wonder where to wear your engagement ring on your wedding day? many people temporarily shift their engagement ring to their right hand on the day of the ceremony for safekeeping. wedding ring guide how much should you spend on an engagement ring? the old adage about spending three months’ salary on your engagement ring is nothing more than that—and old adage that doesn’t necessarily line up with your priorities, needs or personal budget. (and that, after all, is what’s important.) and while it may be helpful to know that the average engagement ring cost in the united states is $5,900 according to a survey conducted by the knot, what really matters is that blue nile offers incredible values and engagement ring prices that suit your comfort zone. our experts are passionate about helping you make the most of every dollar whether your ring is $1,000 or $10,000. we know from working directly with millions of customers and conducting surveys of our own, that there’s a tremendous amount of anxiety around saving up for and financing an engagement ring—especially among gen z and millennials. so with that in mind, we’ve partnered with a savvy financial expert and put together tips that can help you smartly budget and save. how to save for a ring popular metals used in engagement rings a popular engagement ring metal among blue nile customers is definitely platinum (or white gold for people who want a platinum-look at a lower cost). over the last few years, however, rose gold engagement rings are a fast-rising trend. rose gold was often used in settings in the late nineteenth century, and is appreciated today for its naturally romantic appeal that particularly suits rings with vintage-inspired styles. most recently, yellow gold engagement rings are capturing the attention of people who appreciate the way this metal’s beautiful warm glow complements engagement ring settings with colored gemstones. learn more about metals popular engagement ring settings and styles technically the terms settings and styles mean different things. a craftsperson working on a custom engagement ring in the blue nile workshop will likely use the term setting when referring to the technique that’s used to set a diamond in place. prong-style settings and bezel settings are just a few examples of setting styles in the head of a ring. there are also settings, including channel-set styles, that describe the way stones are set into the body of the ring. but not everyone uses the term “setting” in quite the same way. at blue nile, we often use the term conversationally rather than technically to mean the overall style of ring in which your diamond(s) or gemstone(s) will be set. explore some popular engagement ring styles from blue nile solitaire vintage-inspired sapphire sidestones diamond sidestones halo three-stone pavé the gallery collection™ unique explore settings & styles choosing the right diamond for you it’s likely that the first thing that you’re going to run across when you start researching diamond engagement rings is a mention of the 4cs (cut, color, clarity and carat.) trying to master the nuances of these principles might even make you feel overwhelmed. but don’t worry. we have experts with years of experience who can help you find the perfect diamond based on your budget and style. that said, if you love to deep dive into the nitty gritty, we also have great resources that will help you navigate the nonsense and quickly master the basics. but before you check out more of our awesome education section, we’ll answer two things that everyone always wants to know. what is the most important of the four cs? answer: cut. and, how many carats should an engagement ring be? answer: our best seller with a single center stone averages out to slightly under 1.0 carat. of course, that doesn’t mean that your diamond needs to be that weight, but people have told us it’s helpful to have a benchmark. if you’re curious why cut is so important, it’s because a great cut will give you the most sparkle. carat weight, however, is not related to how well a diamond reflects light. get diamond-buying tips why do people love fancy-shaped diamonds? there are many details that go into creating a beautiful engagement ring, but it’s probably no surprise that a major factor defining the look of our most popular engagement ring styles is the shape of the diamond centerstone. in addition to round diamonds we offer nine fancy shapes including pear, oval and emerald. people love fancy-shaped diamonds because they are a stunning way to create a truly distinctive design. as an added bonus, many fancy-shaped diamonds can save you up to 25% over a round brilliant diamond of an equal carat weight. plus, many of the fancy shaped diamonds are well suited to vintage-inspired designs. so if you’re interested in customizing a ring to create an heirloom-like feeling or you just want a style that’s uniquely you, a fancy-shaped diamond may be a great way to go. learn more about shapes how to customize your engagement ring with blue nile our customers tell us that they love our quality, selection, above-and-beyond service and so much more. but the thing that really makes our customers happy is the ability to create absolutely any style of ring imaginable. whatever you can dream up, we can help you design. every engagement ring is handcrafted by an exceptional team of artisans in our seattle workshop—and then quadruple-checked before it goes out the door. ready to find your perfect ring? start with a setting start with a diamond finding your ring size we have some great tips and tools for how to measure your ring size. the first method explains how to figure out your ring size with our printable guide and a ring that you already own as a point of reference. the second option is the most accurate, but requires a little bit of patience as you'll need to order our free ring sizer. (both options are available via the link below.) find your ring size next: wedding ring guide diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab-grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian get exclusive offers and news your email connect customer service live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations guides & education choosing a diamond know the 4cs video astor by blue nile™ precious metals gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide engagement rings wedding rings find your ring size give us feedback shipping destination & currency account sign in/create your account customer care live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations guides & education choosing a diamond know the 4cs video astor by blue nile™ precious metals gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide engagement rings wedding rings find your ring size give us your feedback the following errors have occurred: email(optional) if provided, email must be valid comment please enter your feedback we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. submit thank you thank you for taking the time to give us your input. close we're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. please try again later. continue shopping we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure feedback is from a human. continue shopping circa buys diamonds and jewelry site map updated privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility do not sell my personal information © 1999-2020 blue nile inc. diamonds engagement rings wedding rings jewelry gifts shop our sale education diamonds shop all diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds build your own jewelry ring earrings pendants build your own jewelry home learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value about blue nile blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry diamonds home engagement rings shop all engagement styles build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting build your own ring ® home engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone engagement ring styles home shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise designer rings shop all designer rings monique lhuillier zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ ten/ten designers recently purchased ready to ship rings ring size help top engagement rings engagement rings home wedding rings shop all wedding rings women's rings shop all women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings shop all men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings shop all designer rings monique lhuillier zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ couple rings wedding rings home jewelry shop all jewelry earrings shop all earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals earrings home necklaces shop all necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces home rings shop all rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement rings home bracelets shop all bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets home jewelry collections birthstone designer new arrivals under $100 designer jewelry shop all designer jewelry monique lhullier monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ lab-grown diamond jewelry jewelry home gifts shop all gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald june | pearl july | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz birthstone jewelry home top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry gifts home education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab-grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide ring size help service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance view all services blue nile blog education home shopping basket 0 wish list stores - come visit us! virtual appointment create an account sign in