来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230045040/https://www.bluenile.com/policies/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy | blue nile skip to main content shipping to: loading... language: loading... currency: loading... product selection may have changed due to availability because of each country's product availability, the selection on this site may not be the same as the one you were previously on. confirm cancel free shipping, free returns 1-800-242-2728 stores this webroom feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader virtual appointment this appointment feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader sign in 0 wish list english, usd please select your shipping destination & currency where we ship blue nile shipping policies español 0 free shipping, free returns free shipping, free returns diamonds diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds build your own jewelry ring earrings pendant learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry view all diamonds cut for brilliance learn more engagement rings engagement rings build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone designer rings monique lhuillier zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ ten/ten designers recently purchased ready to ship rings ring size help top engagement rings view all engagement styles wedding rings wedding rings women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings monique lhuillier zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ view all wedding rings couple rings shop now > jewelry jewelry earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement jewelry birthstone designer new arrivals sale under $100 designer jewelry monique lhuillier monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ lab-grown diamond jewelry view all jewelry gifts gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry view all gifts education education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab-grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide ring size help service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blog view all education our policies>privacy policy about blue nile reviews & ratings refer a friend leadership help topics services our services free shipping returns are free blue nile credit card jewelry insurance gift packaging appraisals product warranty policies our policies shipping policy return policy privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility security ethical sourcing international policies international payment methods u.s. payment methods u.s. order policies military shipping policy do not sell my personal information contact us contact blue nile gift certificate status frequently asked questions affiliates affiliate program affiliate rewards careers careers home working at blue nile career opportunities benefits policies our policies shipping policy return policy privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility security ethical sourcing international policies international payment methods u.s. payment methods u.s. order policies military shipping policy do not sell my personal information privacy policy last updated january 1, 2020 blue nile (including blue nile, inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates) wants you to know that your privacy is important to us. our customers are at the heart of everything we do, and we strive to ensure your experience with blue nile is one that you will want to repeat and share with your friends. part of our commitment to you is to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information you provide to us. the information below is designed to inform you of what information we collect, why we collect such information, how we use the information we collect, and the choices we offer, including how to access and update information. any reference to our “site” includes our blue nile website, mobile applications and other software, and any reference to our “services” includes our site, customer service phone line and other shopping or product services offered by blue nile. blue nile will occasionally update this privacy policy. when a revision is made we will revise the "last updated" date on this page. we may make additional features, functionality, offers, activities, or events available to you subject to additional or different privacy rules that we disclose in connection with those opportunities. in this policy, “personal information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who engages with our services or otherwise becomes a customer of blue nile. collection, use, and sharing of information at various times when you visit our site or use our services, you may decide to provide us with your personal information. you should know that we receive and may store all personal information (whether written or oral) that you provide to us. we may also collect certain information automatically from you. depending on how you interact with our site or services, we may collect, use, and share the following categories of information about you (unless otherwise restricted by law): when you navigate to our site when you interact with features on our site when you make a purchase with us when you contact our diamond and jewelry consultants via phone, e-mail, chat or in person when you submit information for marketing purposes, to share items with a friend or for participation in sweepstakes when you review a product when you interact with us via social media when you book an appointment at our showrooms when you navigate to our site categories of data we may collect information gathered through cookies and other tracking technology (see the tracking technology section for more information) device and browser information information gathered through web server logs general location information how we may use the data collected to run essential features on the site to optimize the performance of the site to detect security issues and prevent fraud to offer you personalized content, including by providing customized content and advertising, which may be on our site, other websites, mobile devices or applications, or other channels (whether online or offline) to understand our customer demographics, preferences, interests, and behavior to improve marketing and promotional efforts, and overall customer experience who we may share your data with site optimization service providers site security service providers marketing service providers consequences of not providing data the site may not run correctly you may not be able to make a purchase you may not receive blue nile marketing when you interact with features on our site categories of data we may collect information gathered through cookies your product browsing history information provided through your wishlist how we may use the data collected to provide you information on items you added to your wishlist or viewed recently to allow you to use our build your own jewelry® tools to provide and improve our services and product offerings, and develop new ones to understand our customer demographics, preferences, interests, and behavior who we may share your data with service providers who power the features on our site consequences of not providing data we will not be able to provide you with personalized content some features on our site will not be able to run when you make a purchase with us categories of data we may collect your full name your phone number your e-mail address your physical address your payment information how we may use the data collected to facilitate your purchase and provide to services you request to facilitate your warranty or other services such as cleanings, repairs, or resizes of your products to confirm and track your order to facilitate returns to facilitate our diamond upgrade program to detect and prevent fraud and other abuse who we may share your data with payment service providers shipping providers fraud and security service providers consequences of not providing data you will not be able to make a purchase you will not have access to our warranty or other services you will not be able to return a product you will not be eligible for our diamond upgrade program when you contact our diamond and jewelry consultants via phone, e-mail, chat, or in person categories of data we may collect your full name your phone number your e-mail address your physical address your order details recordings of your calls how we may use the data collected to help you complete an order to respond to your comments, inquiries, and requests to facilitate our diamond upgrade program to facilitate returns to improve our customer experience who we may share your data with our telecommunications and call recording service providers consequences of not providing data you will not be able to communicate with our customer service team when you submit information for marketing purposes, to share items with a friend or for participation in sweepstakes categories of data we may collect your full name your e-mail address your friend’s name and e-mail address how we may use the data collected to provide you with information and offers relevant to you to allow you to share blue nile products with your friends to administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions who we may share your data with our sweepstakes service providers our marketing service providers consequences of not providing data you will not receive updates from blue nile you will not be able to participate in any contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions you will not be able to share products with your friends when you review a product categories of data we may collect your full name your e-mail address your review of our product and any pictures you submit how we may use the data collected to provide other customers with reviews of our products to provide and improve our services and product offerings, and develop new ones who we may share your data with our product review service providers consequences of not providing data you will not be able to post a review of blue nile products when you interact with us via social media categories of data we may collect your name your social media username the content of your social media post how we may use the data collected to provide you with information and offers relevant to you to respond to your comments, inquiries, and requests to help administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions who we may share your data with the social media platform on which you interact with blue nile consequences of not providing data you will not be able to interact with blue nile on social media when you book an appointment at our showrooms categories of data we may collect your full name your e-mail address how we may use the data collected to process your request for an appointment consequences of not providing data you will not be able to book an appointment additionally, blue nile may use your information to comply with applicable legal requirements and blue nile's policies and procedures, and for any other uses with your consent. we may also combine the information you provide to us over time and we may combine such information with information that is publicly available, collected through cookies and other technologies, and information that we receive from our partners, affiliates and other third parties. we may use that combined information to better provide you the services and to better provide you personalized content, customized content and advertising. we value your comments, feedback, testimonials, etc., which help us improve our services and products. by making such submissions to us, you assign your rights in the submissions to us as described in the "submissions" section of our terms and conditions page. tracking technology we may use, or permit our business partners to use, the following tracking technologies for the purposes described below: cookies: a cookie is a small file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us or our business partners to recognize your device when you return to our site and record information about your usage of our site. we use cookies for five general purposes as follows: essential operational: cookies are necessary to allow us to operate our services. for example, they are required to help you access secure areas (such as your account pages) and to use features like our shopping basket. performance and functionality: cookies help us enhance the performance and functionality of our services. for example, cookies help us identify you or your device when you come back to our service so that you do not have to login to see your shopping basket. analytics, customization and security: we use analytics and customization cookies, including third party cookies, to gather information on how our services are being used by our visitors and to measure how popular our marketing campaigns are. we use the data we get to help customize our services for you and make the content you see as relevant as possible. we also use the data we collect to help identify and prevent fraud, and to track visits from our affiliates or partners. targeting/advertising: cookies help us to customize and regulate (e.g., by capping the frequency of) the advertisements you receive, provide you with tailored offers, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. for instance, if we target an ad campaign through an online advertising network, we might use cookies on our site to estimate how many viewers of the ad later visited our site – and therefore, how effective the ad campaign was. or, we might “retarget” visitors to our site by providing them offers (whether through online display media, email or direct mail) similar to those they viewed or expressed interest in during their site visits. see the section below titled interest based advertising for more information. social networking cookies: cookies allow visitors to share our pages and content through third-party social networking websites. website and mobile application log files: we may make use of log files created automatically with access and use of our services for analytics purposes. tracking images: we may use tracking images (such as gifs), which are small image files that we embed into our e-mails, to learn whether you opened or forwarded the e-mail or clicked on any of the content. this information tells us about our e-mail’s effectiveness and helps us ensure that we’re delivering information that you find interesting. local storage: we use local storage (such as html5 or flash) to provide you a rich web experience and to provide you with relevant content and advertising. other technologies: we may make use of other tracking technologies similar to the ones described above for similar purposes described above. interest based advertising: third parties may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites, including our site. third parties we work with may also use other “device-graphing” information in order to make inferences and connections about our customers and potential customers across various devices – such as mobile phones, tablets and browsers. (these companies may, for instance, make inferences that devices seen at a common ip address are used by common users.) companies that we share information with may use the information we provide to them, often in combination with their existing information, to provide you with more relevant advertising tailored to your interests. we also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our ads are served. the information our ad networks may collect on our behalf includes data about your visits to websites that serve blue nile advertisements, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. this data collection takes place both on our websites and on third-party websites that participate in these ad networks. information that we may share with others along with the sharing described above, we may share your information, including personal information, with others as follows: blue nile entities: we may share your personal information with our affiliated entities, e.g., any corporate subsidiaries or affiliates. service providers: we may use third-party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, including: shipping, payment processing, billing and collections, data storage/management, webhosting, fulfillment, assembly, marketing and data enhancement, mailing, and emailing as well as various customer, tech and operational support. special events: if you choose to participate in a special event (for example, a promotion, contest, or sweepstakes), blue nile may share your information with those organizations participating in the applicable event. compliance with law and fraud protection: we may disclose your information: (1) when we believe in good faith that it is necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, such as lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (2) in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding potential illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or situations involving potential violations of our terms and conditions or other policies; (3) to other companies and organizations for fraud protection and risk reduction; and (4) to enforce any agreement we have with you. business transfer: your information may be disclosed as part of any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership (or in due diligence leading up to any acquisition), in which case information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. aggregate information: we may, and we may authorize third parties to, create aggregate records from personal information by excluding information that makes the information identifiable. we may use and disclose, and authorize third parties to use and disclose, aggregate non-personal information at our discretion. children under 13 blue nile does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data from our systems. please visit the ftc's website at https://www.ftc.gov for tips on protecting children's privacy online. links our site may provide links to third-party websites which are outside our control and not covered by this privacy policy. we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) websites. security we utilize a combination of physical and electronic security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. while we strive to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us. accessing and updating your information if you have created a blue nile account you can review and change certain personal information relating to your blue nile account at any time by logging on to your account. otherwise, to learn more, please contact us as set forth below. marketing choice/opt-out where permitted by applicable law, we want to communicate with you on our marketing initiatives, but only if you want to continue to hear from us. e-mail promotions: to opt out of receiving e-mail promotions that we send you: (1) select "unsubscribe" on our subscription status page and enter the requested information or follow the unsubscribe instructions in any of our promotional emails; or (2) write to legal department at 411 first avenue, south, suite 700, seattle, wa, 98104 (a "postal request"). to opt out of telephone promotions, you can tell us when we call you or you can send us a postal request. to opt out of postal mail promotions, please send us a postal request. opting out of communication with us does not affect our communications with you via telephone or email related to your orders with us or other transactional emails. cookies and tracking technologies: you are always free to decline cookies if your browser permits; although, by declining the use of cookies you may not be able to use certain features on, and significant portions of, our site. also, because information we obtain may be combined, we may still be able to identify your web browser, computer or mobile device when you access our services even if you disable cookies. some browsers incorporate a “do not track” (dnt) feature that, when turned on, signals to websites and online services that you do not wish to be tracked. because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to browser dnt signals, we do not currently respond to them. for more information about the use of cookies and how to block them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org, www.youronlinechoices.eu (europe) or www.aboutads.info/choices (united states). interest based advertising: you may opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from advertising companies that are members of the network advertising initiative or who subscribe to the digital advertising alliance’s self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices and www.aboutads.info/choices. where required by law, we obtain your prior opt-in consent at the time of data collection for the processing of (i) personal information for marketing purposes and (ii) personal information deemed sensitive pursuant to applicable law. your california privacy rights if you are a california resident you have the following rights under the california consumer privacy act: right to know. you have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including: the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. right to delete. you have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). other rights. you can request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. this request is free and may be made once a year. you also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above. certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. for example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide the services to you. if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the services. to exercise your rights under the california consumer privacy act, please contact us by either sending us an e-mail, or by phone at 1-877-374-9136. please provide your full name and e-mail address so that we may respond to your request as quickly as possible. you will be required to verify your identify before we fulfill your request. to do so, you will need to provide us with certain account information, such as your full name and email address. you can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. to do so, you must provide us with written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf. you will still need to verify your identity directly with us. california law requires certain disclosures about personal information we ‘sell,’ which for the purposes of the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), means making personal information available to third parties in exchange for valuable consideration, which some may claim includes allowing advertising companies to collect unique cookie ids through our sites when you use our services. under that interpretation, we ‘sell’ personal information to advertise our products to you. in the preceding 12 months, we have ‘sold’ the following categories of personal information to the following categories of third parties: categories: the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. third parties: interested based advertising partners for more information about interest based advertisers, please see the interest based advertising section above. you have the right to opt out of these sales at any time by visiting our do not sell my personal information page. we do not knowingly ‘sell’ personal information about consumers under the age of 16. data protection for individuals based in the european economic area and switzerland if you are a customer or website visitor in the european economic area (“eea”) or switzerland, the following, additional information is relevant to you. (please do not rely on the below if you are not located in an eea nation or switzerland.): blue nile, inc., having its registered address at 411 first avenue s., suite 700, seattle, washington, 98104, united states, is the data controller of your personal information for purposes of the eu general data protection regulation (“gdpr”). all customer orders are processed exclusively by blue nile, inc. the representative of blue nile, inc. in the eea for data protection purposes is blue nile jewellery limited, having its registered address at 70 sir john rogerson’s quay, dublin 2, d02 r296, ireland. we only process your personal information if you have consented to such processing or, to the extent that it is necessary (i) for the performance of your agreement with us or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into an agreement with us; (ii) to comply with our legal obligations; or (iii) for the purpose of our legitimate interests, including operating, evaluating and improving our global business. as required under the gdpr, we have carefully balanced our legitimate business interests against your data protection rights. for companies like blue nile, inc. that have global business operations, processing customer’s personal information for internal administrative purposes customer relations or direct marketing is typically also considered a legitimate interest under the gdpr. your personal information will be hosted in and managed from the united states, where blue nile, inc. is based. the law in the united states may not offer the same level of privacy and data protection as the law in your home country. we will rely on blue nile’s need of your personal information for the performance of our contract with you for this transfer to the united states. when your personal information is transferred to (or accessed from) other countries outside the eea for which the european commission has not issued an adequacy decision, we will implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information remains protected. this may include data transfer agreements, a copy of which you can obtain by contacting us as indicated in the “how to contact us” section below. in general we will store your personal information as long as the information is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it (as explained in the “use of your personal information” section). we are committed to being our customers’ jeweler for life. if you become a customer of blue nile, inc., you may be eligible for many lifetime benefits, including, but not limited to: our lifetime diamond upgrade program, our lifetime product warranty, and lifetime repairs, cleaning, and resizing of jewelry. if you decide to take advantage of these benefits, we will keep your information until you (or your next of kin) ask us to remove your personal information from our records. once your personal information has been removed from our records, it will not be possible to warranty, upgrade, clean, repair, or resize any product that you have purchased with us. you have the right to request access to the personal information that we process about you, to have your personal information corrected or erased, to restrict the processing of your personal information, as well as the right to data portability (certain of these rights are subject to our obligation to verify your identify). to exercise these rights, you should submit a written request using the contact details set out below. if you are not satisfied with the way we handle your request, you can lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your home country. where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. use these links to withdraw your consent to e-mail marketing or your consent to the use of cookies. this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing that has happened based on your consent prior to the withdrawal. you also have the right to object, at any time, to the processing of your personal information which is based on blue nile, inc.’s legitimate interests, provided that we may retain your personal information for certain compelling purposes such as legal, auditing, accounting and billing purposes. where we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to such processing, including for profiling purposes to the extent that it is related to direct marketing. if you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal information for such purposes. how to contact us if you have any questions or wish to register a complaint in relation to this privacy policy or the manner in which your personal information is used by us, please contact us by any of the following means: by telephone: 206-336-6700 by email: privacy@bluenile.com by post: blue nile, inc. legal department. 411 first avenue s., suite 700. seattle, washington 98104 united states of america about blue nile reviews & ratings refer a friend leadership help topics services our services free shipping returns are free blue nile credit card jewelry insurance gift packaging appraisals product warranty policies our policies shipping policy return policy privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility security ethical sourcing international policies international payment methods u.s. payment methods u.s. order policies military shipping policy do not sell my personal information contact us contact blue nile gift certificate status frequently asked questions affiliates affiliate program affiliate rewards careers careers home working at blue nile career opportunities benefits get exclusive offers and news your email connect customer service live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations guides & education choosing a diamond know the 4cs video astor by blue nile™ precious metals gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide engagement rings wedding rings find your ring size give us feedback shipping destination & currency account sign in/create your account customer care live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations guides & education choosing a diamond know the 4cs video astor by blue nile™ precious metals gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide engagement rings wedding rings find your ring size give us your feedback the following errors have occurred: email(optional) if provided, email must be valid comment please enter your feedback we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. submit thank you thank you for taking the time to give us your input. close we're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. please try again later. continue shopping we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure feedback is from a human. continue shopping circa buys diamonds and jewelry site map updated privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility do not sell my personal information © 1999-2020 blue nile inc. diamonds engagement rings wedding rings jewelry gifts shop our sale education diamonds shop all diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds build your own jewelry ring earrings pendants build your own jewelry home learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value about blue nile blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry diamonds home engagement rings shop all engagement styles build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting build your own ring ® home engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone engagement ring styles home shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise designer rings shop all designer rings monique lhuillier zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ ten/ten designers recently purchased ready to ship rings ring size help top engagement rings engagement rings home wedding rings shop all wedding rings women's rings shop all women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings shop all men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings shop all designer rings monique lhuillier zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ couple rings wedding rings home jewelry shop all jewelry earrings shop all earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals earrings home necklaces shop all necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces home rings shop all rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement rings home bracelets shop all bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets home jewelry collections birthstone designer new arrivals under $100 designer jewelry shop all designer jewelry monique lhullier monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ lab-grown diamond jewelry jewelry home gifts shop all gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald june | pearl july | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz birthstone jewelry home top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry gifts home education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab-grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide ring size help service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance view all services blue nile blog education home shopping basket 0 wish list stores - come visit us! virtual appointment create an account sign in