来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231205314/https://www.bluenile.com/education/rings/wedding-ring-guide
================================================================================

wedding ring guide | blue nile skip to main content get our diamond-buying cheat sheet | sign up for our emails now shipping to: loading... language: loading... currency: loading... product selection may have changed due to availability because of each country's product availability, the selection on this site may not be the same as the one you were previously on. confirm cancel 1-800-242-2728 locations this webroom feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader virtual appointment this appointment feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader sign in 0 wish list english, usd please select your shipping destination & currency where we ship blue nile shipping policies español blue nile® 0 free shipping, free returns free shipping, free returns diamonds diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab-grown diamond jewelry build your own jewelry ring earrings pendant learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry view all diamonds cut for brilliance learn more engagement rings engagement rings build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ recently purchased ready to ship rings find your ring size top engagement rings view all engagement styles wedding rings wedding rings women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ view all wedding rings couple rings shop now > jewelry jewelry earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement jewelry birthstone designer new arrivals sale under $100 designer jewelry monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ lightbox lab-grown diamonds view all jewelry gifts gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry view all gifts make style effortless shoplightbox education education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab-grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide find your ring size service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blog view all education education>ring education>wedding ring guide diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab-grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian wedding ring guide welcome to the blue nile wedding ring guide, with a breakdown of everything you need to know to find the perfect symbol of your love. welcome to the blue nile wedding ring guide, with a breakdown of everything you need to know to find the perfect symbol of your love. if you're wondering how to buy a wedding ring, you’ve come to the right place. blue nile experts will answer your most pressing questions, explain the meaning of a wedding ring, help you determine how to choose the right metal for your wedding band, and offer tips on how to design your wedding set with matching or unique pairings. what does a wedding ring symbolize? a wedding ring is a symbol that's both private and public. it's a sign of love and fidelity between you and your partner, and it also signifies to the rest of the world that you're in a committed relationship. your beautiful wedding band is a celebration of the vows that you exchange on your wedding day, and your desire to be with your partner for eternity. while your engagement ring symbolizes the promise of marriage, it's the wedding ring that makes the marriage official. many of our customers wonder if a wedding ring should have diamonds. while we do offer many wedding ring styles that have diamonds set into the band, many of our most popular wedding rings for women and wedding rings for men are unadorned metal bands. explore wedding rings the difference between a wedding ring and wedding band a wedding ring (or wedding band) is what a couple exchanges during their wedding ceremony. the terms are used interchangeably and mean the same thing. wedding rings for women the options for a women's wedding ring span everything from a very simple metal band to a much more elaborate style like a diamond eternity ring. a great way to start your search is by exploring blue nile's top ten styles for women where you can get an overview of our most popular designs, including classic platinum bands, platinum bands with micropavé diamonds, french pavé diamond eternity rings in yellow 18kt gold and 14k rose gold, and vintage-inspired styles with milgrain and fancy-shaped diamonds. explore women's wedding rings combining your engagement ring and wedding ring the wedding ring is traditionally worn on the finger next to the pinky, on the left hand. this springs from the belief in ancient greece that the ring finger was connected to the heart by a vein of love. on the day of their wedding ceremony, many women will temporarily move their engagement ring to their right hand. once married with their wedding ring in place, they will move the engagement ring back to the left hand, leaving the wedding ring closest to the heart. one of the most exciting developments that we've noticed over the last several years is that more and more couples are shopping for engagement rings together—and in many cases, thinking about how their choice of engagement ring and wedding bands synchronize, both stylistically and symbolically. perfect match blue nile offers many wedding bands for women crafted with the same metal, prong style and diamond size as our engagement ring settings. try our wedding ring matcher tool to find your perfect match. complementary create a unique and distinctive pairing with a wedding band that flatters the style of your engagement ring with complementary elements. unexpected these pairs tend to be on the adventurous side with unexpected elements like mixed metals, pops of gemstone color, and contrasting textures. wedding rings for men options for men's wedding rings are rapidly evolving and expanding. and while classic unadorned men's wedding bands in platinum, white gold and yellow gold are among our top sellers, we're excited to also offer beautiful designs in highly durable metals like cobalt, tantalum, titanium and tungsten, as well as wedding bands with channel-set diamonds, diamond pavé and engravable styles. explore men's wedding rings what are wedding ring sets a wedding ring set includes an engagement ring plus matching his-and-her bands for the groom and bride. jewelers typically distinguish between a wedding set and a bridal set, which does not include the groom's ring. outside of the jewelry world, most people use the term wedding set for both combinations. explore couples' rings popular metals used in wedding rings our wedding rings for women and men span timeless plain-metal styles to more elaborate designs with diamonds or other gemstones. you'll find hundreds of options in the most popular metals used for wedding rings, including platinum, yellow gold, white gold and rose gold. wedding rings made of platinum are widely admired in part because platinum is 95% pure and 30 times rarer than gold. platinum is naturally hypoallergenic and its density and weight make it feel substantial and special. it also wears well over time. that said, platinum wedding bands are one of the more expensive options. many people who prefer the look of white metal over yellow metal opt for a wedding ring in white gold, which has a platinum-like look with a lower price tag. if you're wondering about the best gold for wedding rings, you'll notice that our yellow gold wedding bands, rose gold wedding bands and white gold wedding bands are all available in 14k or 18k options because pure 24k gold is too soft for crafting wedding rings. learn more about metals how much should you spend on a wedding ring? according to a study by the knot, the average cost of a wedding ring for women in 2019 is $1,100 and the average cost of a men's wedding band is $510. however, the amount of money that you should spend on a wedding ring is as personal as the vows you exchange or the place you decide to say "i do." the good news is that blue nile offers hundreds of wedding ring styles for men and for women with beautiful options for every budget. you'll find classic metal wedding bands that start around $150 and decadent diamond platinum eternity bands over $30,000. there's something for everyone whether you're just getting married or ready to upgrade to celebrate a milestone anniversary. finding your ring size we have some great tips and tools for how to measure your ring size. the first method explains how to figure out your ring size with our printable guide and a ring that you already own as a point of reference. the second option is the most accurate, but requires a little bit of patience as you'll need to order our free ring sizer. (both options are available via the link below.) find your ring size diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab-grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian get exclusive offers and news your email connect customer service live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance service discounts student discount about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations diamond shapes round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise give us feedback shipping destination & currency account sign in/create your account customer care live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance service discounts student discount about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations diamond shapes round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise give us your feedback the following errors have occurred: email(optional) if provided, email must be valid comment please enter your feedback we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. submit thank you thank you for taking the time to give us your input. close we're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. please try again later. continue shopping we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure feedback is from a human. continue shopping circa buys diamonds and jewelry site map updated privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility do not sell my personal information © 1999-2022 blue nile inc. diamonds engagement rings wedding rings jewelry gifts shop our sale education diamonds shop all diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab-grown diamond jewelry build your own jewelry ring earrings pendants build your own jewelry home learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value about blue nile blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry diamonds home engagement rings shop all engagement styles build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting build your own ring ® home engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise designer rings shop all designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ recently purchased ready to ship rings find your ring size top engagement rings engagement rings home wedding rings shop all wedding rings women's rings shop all women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings shop all men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings shop all designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ couple rings wedding rings home jewelry shop all jewelry earrings shop all earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals earrings home necklaces shop all necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces home rings shop all rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement rings home bracelets shop all bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets home jewelry collections birthstone designer new arrivals under $100 designer jewelry shop all designer jewelry monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ lightbox lab-grown diamonds jewelry home gifts shop all gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald june | pearl july | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz birthstone jewelry home top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry gifts home education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab-grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide find your ring size service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance view all services blue nile blog education home shopping basket 0 wish list stores - come visit us! virtual appointment create an account sign in