来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231205314/https://www.bluenile.com/education/diamonds/cut
================================================================================

diamond cut: grading scale and buying tips | blue nile skip to main content get our diamond-buying cheat sheet | sign up for our emails now shipping to: loading... language: loading... currency: loading... product selection may have changed due to availability because of each country's product availability, the selection on this site may not be the same as the one you were previously on. confirm cancel 1-800-242-2728 locations this webroom feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader virtual appointment this appointment feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader sign in 0 wish list english, usd please select your shipping destination & currency where we ship blue nile shipping policies español blue nile® 0 free shipping, free returns free shipping, free returns diamonds diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab-grown diamond jewelry build your own jewelry ring earrings pendant learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry view all diamonds cut for brilliance learn more engagement rings engagement rings build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ recently purchased ready to ship rings find your ring size top engagement rings view all engagement styles wedding rings wedding rings women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ view all wedding rings couple rings shop now > jewelry jewelry earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement jewelry birthstone designer new arrivals sale under $100 designer jewelry monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ lightbox lab-grown diamonds view all jewelry gifts gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry view all gifts make style effortless shoplightbox education education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab-grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide find your ring size service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blog view all education education>diamond education>cut diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab-grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian diamond cut what is the cut of a diamond? have you ever noticed how many surfaces a diamond has? a diamond’s cut refers to how well-proportioned the dimensions of a diamond are, and how these surfaces, or facets, are positioned to create sparkle and brilliance. for example, what is the ratio of the diamond’s diameter in comparison to its depth? these small, yet essential, factors determine the diamond’s beauty and price. are you wondering which diamond cut is best? it all starts with your budget. no single diamond is perfect for everyone—but all of our customers, whether they’re eyeing a .50-carat or a 16-carat diamond, want as much sparkle as their budget allows. of the the 4cs (cut, color, clarity, carat), cut has the greatest influence on a diamond’s beauty and sparkle. even a diamond with a flawless clarity grade (no blemishes or inclusions) can look glassy or dull if the cut is too shallow or deep. so, when determining what diamond to buy, go with the best cut grade that you can afford. find your diamond blue nile offers four different cut grades ideal: this rare cut represents roughly the top 3% of diamond cut quality. it reflects most of the light that enters the diamond. very good: this cut represents roughly the top 15% of diamond cut quality. it reflects nearly as much light as the ideal cut, but for a lower price. good: this cut represents roughly the top 25% of diamond cut quality. it reflects most of the light that enters, but not as much as a very good cut grade. astor by blue nile™: these diamonds are crafted to gather and reflect the most light possible. cut from the finest raw material (rough stones with as few impurities or inclusions as possible), they meet rigorous quality requirements and exhibit outstanding brilliance, fire, and scintillation. in addition to being graded by the gia, all astor by blue nile™ diamonds are certified by gemex® blue nile does not sell "fair" or "poor" diamond cuts while 35% of the diamond market is made up of fair or poor cuts, blue nile does not offer them. diamonds with low cut grades often appear glassy or dull, or just plain small, and they don’t live up to our standards of great quality at a great value. grading scale use the slider to see cut grade details or view the cut grade chart below. poor/fair good very good ideal astor by blue nile™ poor/fair cut represents roughly the top 35% of diamond cut quality. these diamonds tend to appear dull or glassy. good cut this cut represents roughly the top 25% of diamond cut quality. it reflects most light that enters, but not as much as a very good cut grade. see good cut diamonds very good cut this cut represents roughly the top 15% of diamond cut quality. it reflects nearly as much light as the ideal cut, but for a lower price. see very good cut diamonds ideal cut this rare cut represents roughly the top 3% of diamond cut quality. it reflects most light that enters the diamond. see ideal cut diamonds astor by blue nile™ every astor by blue nile™ diamond is cut to gather and reflect the most light possible. light performance is measured by three factors: brilliance, fire and sparkle. fewer than 15 out of every 10,000 diamonds qualify as an astor by blue nile™ diamond. see astor by blue nile™ diamonds the "ideal" cut grade at blue nile is the same as the "excellent" cut grade rating by the gia blue nile uses the term ideal while the gia uses the term excellent for the highest cut grade in round brilliant diamonds. these two words are interchangeable to represent the cutting style, proportions, and finish necessary to bring out a diamond’s sparkle, brilliance, and beauty. while the diamond industry has long-standing proportion combinations that optimize light performance, only round brilliant cut diamonds have cut parameters established by the gia. blue nile estimates and assigns cut grade standards for non-round (fancy shaped) diamonds based on their table and depth percentages. the characteristics of a well-cut diamond are superior brilliance, fire, and scintillation brilliance relates to the reflection of white light fire is the dispersion of light into the colors of the rainbow scintillation is the play of contrast between dark and light areas—it’s the sparkle the anatomy of a diamond: table: the largest facet of a gemstone crown: the top portion of a diamond extending from the girdle to the table girdle: the intersection of the crown and pavilion which defines the circumference of a diamond diameter: the measurement from one girdle edge of a diamond straight across to the opposing side pavilion: the bottom portion of a diamond, extending from the girdle to the culet culet: the facet at the tip of a gemstone. the preferred culet is not visible with the unaided eye (graded "none" or "small") depth: the height of a gemstone measured from the culet to the table diamond cut and diamond shape are not the same thing although these terms are sometimes used interchangeably, diamond cut, and diamond shape mean different things. diamond cut assesses light performance of a diamond and is based on a combination of factors: proportions, symmetry, and polish (the overall surface condition of a diamond’s facets). diamond shape is related to the outline of a diamond. while the round brilliant diamond is our most popular shape, we also offer nine non-round fancy-shaped diamonds that can save you up to 25%. what is the most expensive cut of a diamond? when people talk about someone’s engagement ring, everyone focuses on carat. in reality, it’s the cut of the diamond that can be the biggest factor in the price tag. the ideal cut diamond, and the super-ideal astor by blue nile™, are the most expensive diamond cuts because they optimize light performance and create the most impressive sparkle. every loose diamond at blue nile has a gia certificate established in 1931, the non-profit gemological institute of america (gia) is the world’s foremost authority on diamonds, colored stones, and pearls. this laboratory is known for consistency and unbiased diamond grading systems. diamonds that are accompanied by gia grading reports are the most highly valued in the industry. every loose diamond at blue nile has been analyzed and graded by the gia. you’ll find a gia diamond certificate on every diamond details page. diamond light performance is measured by the gemex brilliancescope® analyzer two diamonds cut with optimal proportions won’t necessarily have the exact same light performance or beauty. for this reason, true light performance is measured by the gemex brilliancescope® analyzer, a patented system that uses spectrophotometer technology to compare diamonds with the same shape. next: diamond color have a question? contact us by phone at 1-800-242-2728 or email at service@bluenile.com. in addition, live chat is available during most business hours. diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab-grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian get exclusive offers and news your email connect customer service live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance service discounts student discount about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations diamond shapes round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise give us feedback shipping destination & currency account sign in/create your account customer care live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance service discounts student discount about blue nile what we believe quality & value customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations diamond shapes round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise give us your feedback the following errors have occurred: email(optional) if provided, email must be valid comment please enter your feedback we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. submit thank you thank you for taking the time to give us your input. close we're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. please try again later. continue shopping we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure feedback is from a human. continue shopping circa buys diamonds and jewelry site map updated privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility do not sell my personal information © 1999-2022 blue nile inc. diamonds engagement rings wedding rings jewelry gifts shop our sale education diamonds shop all diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab-grown diamond jewelry build your own jewelry ring earrings pendants build your own jewelry home learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced service & value about blue nile blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry diamonds home engagement rings shop all engagement styles build your own ring ® start with a diamond start with a setting build your own ring ® home engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise designer rings shop all designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ recently purchased ready to ship rings find your ring size top engagement rings engagement rings home wedding rings shop all wedding rings women's rings shop all women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings shop all men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings shop all designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ couple rings wedding rings home jewelry shop all jewelry earrings shop all earrings build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals earrings home necklaces shop all necklaces build your own diamond gemstone pearl precious metals necklaces home rings shop all rings diamond gemstone wedding engagement rings home bracelets shop all bracelets diamond gemstone pearl precious metals bracelets home jewelry collections birthstone designer new arrivals under $100 designer jewelry shop all designer jewelry monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ lightbox lab-grown diamonds jewelry home gifts shop all gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald june | pearl july | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz birthstone jewelry home top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $100 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry gifts home education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab-grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide find your ring size service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance view all services blue nile blog education home shopping basket 0 wish list stores - come visit us! virtual appointment create an account sign in