来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231064754/https://www.bluenile.com/education/rings/find-your-ring-size
================================================================================

how to measure ring size: free ring size chart | blue nile skip to main content get our diamond-buying cheat sheet | sign up for our emails now 1-800-242-2728 locations this webroom feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader virtual appointment this appointment feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader sign in 0 wish list español blue nile® 0 free shipping, free returns free shipping, free returns diamonds diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab grown diamonds build your own jewelry ring earrings pendant learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced diamond sustainability service & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry view all diamonds engagement rings engagement rings build your own ring ® start with a natural diamond start with a lab grown diamond start with a setting shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone two-stone men’s engagement designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ ready to ship rings find your ring size top engagement rings view all engagement styles wedding rings wedding rings women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ view all wedding rings couple rings shop now > jewelry jewelry earrings design your own earrings diamond earrings gemstone earrings pearl earrings stud earrings gold earrings hoop earrings bracelets diamond bracelets gemstone bracelets pearl bracelets gold bracelets silver bracelets tennis bracelets necklaces design your own pendant diamond necklaces gemstone necklaces pearl necklaces gold necklaces silver necklaces cross necklaces rings diamond rings gemstone rings wedding rings engagement rings gold rings fashion rings jewelry lab grown diamond jewelry birthstone jewelry designer jewelry pearl jewelry rose gold jewelry new arrivals jewelry sale under $100 designer jewelry astor by blue nile™ monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ view all jewelry gifts gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $500 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry view all gifts education education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ diamond sustainability conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide find your ring size service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blog view all education education>ring education>find your ring size diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian how to measure your ring size to help you find your ring size, our diamond jewelry experts have put together this complete ring size guide including a ring size chart, printable ring sizer, and tips for measuring at home. we've helped over 500,000 couples find an engagement ring and wedding rings that are a perfect fit. find your ring free ring sizer get a free plastic ring sizer mailed to you. two-day shipping available ($15). get it for free get it fast ($15) ring size chart & printable guide check out our printable ring sizer and size conversion chart. select language english arabic simplified chinese traditional chinese french japanese spanish print ring size chart using our free ring sizer our free plastic ring sizer makes determining ring size a breeze. simply slide your finger into the sizer until you find a size that feels right. we recommend trying a half size up and half size down as well to find your precise fit. the right size should be snug enough so the plastic ring won't fall off but loose enough to slide over the knuckle. measuring ring size with our printable ring size chart if you're looking to measure a ring size in a hurry, our printable ring sizer is the perfect tool to help. simply print out the guide and place a ring the wearer already owns over the circles, matching the inside of the ring to the circle nearest in size. if the ring is between two circle sizes, choose the larger size. our printable guide also includes a ring size chart with precise diameter measurements and their corresponding ring sizes along with international ring sizes. with our online ring sizer, you'll quickly find out the right size. how to measure ring size with string, paper & ruler if you're shopping for someone else, the best way to find his or her ring size is to ask. if you're planning a surprise, get help from friends and family. they can ask without raising any eyebrows. the average ring size available for women ranges from size 3 to size 9. the most commonly purchased women's rings range between size 5 and size 7. size 6 is the most popular. the average ring size available for men ranges from size 6 to size 13. the most commonly purchased men's rings range between size 8 to 10-½. size 9 is the most popular. these standard ring sizes can help guide you in the right direction. if you do not see the size you need, contact our experts for help placing a special order. there are also a number of at-home methods to find your ring size. measure your ring size with these steps: wrap string or paper around the base of your finger. mark the point where the ends meet with a pen. measure the string or paper with a ruler (mm) then divide by 3.14 (or pi) to get the diameter of the ring. pick the closest measurement on the ring size chart to find your ring size. more ring sizing tips: measure the inside of another ring that fits using a tape measure and our printable ring sizer. the ring should fit your finger comfortably: snug enough so it won't fall off, but loose enough to slide over your knuckle with relative ease. when the knuckle is bigger than the base of the finger, measure both places and pick a size in between the two. measure your ring size at the end of the day when your fingers are warm. finger size changes depending on the time of day and the weather, and your fingers are actually smaller in the early morning and in cold weather. also, keep in mind that fingers on your dominant hand are usually larger. measure 3 to 4 times for more accuracy. what happens when my ring is resized? to make sure you get the best possible fit, the ring resizing process requires adding or removing small amounts of metal depending on the difference between the size purchased and the new size requested. as a result, your ring may be slightly thicker or thinner after resizing. these tiny changes are often visually imperceptible. the expert jewelry makers at blue nile adhere to strict quality standards so your resized ring both sparkles, and fits, beautifully. after the band is resized, each ring gets cleaned and polished before being returned to you. what if i order the wrong ring size? don't let the question of size stress you out. blue nile provides complimentary resizing for most engagement rings and wedding bands within the manufacturer's recommended sizing range, during the first year. if you need a different ring, we offer a 30-day exchange policy for your convenience. rings that can't be resized some of our ring styles cannot be resized due to their design. in these cases, an icon will appear on the product detail page under the ring size selection. for example, diamond and gemstone eternity rings with a specific number of gemstones per finger size, milgrain or ornate bands, silver rings, or rings with alternative metals such as tungsten cannot be resized. we are happy to exchange your ring for another ring in the correct size within 30 days of purchase. it is important to note that should you opt for an exchange, your new ring may contain fewer or more gemstones, diamonds, or a reduction or increase in precious metal weight, which may cause an increase or decrease in the price. frequently asked questions how will i know i have the right ring size?the right ring size will feel snug enough to stay on your finger but loose enough to slide over your knuckle.does band thickness affect ring size?yes, band thickness can affect your ring size. the more a ring covers your finger, the tighter it will fit. stacking many band types, such as with a wedding ring set, can also increase the ring size you’ll need. we recommend measuring your ring size with a sizer that’s close to the thickness of the ring you'll be wearing.what is the average ring size for women?the average women’s ring sizes range from 5 to 7. we offer women’s rings in sizes 3 through 9 with custom options to accommodate all sizes. our online ring size chart includes the millimeter measurements along a ring size chart for women.what is the average ring size for men?the average men’s ring sizes range from 8 to 10. we carry men’s rings in sizes 3 through 13 with custom options for sizing available to fit additional sizes. visit our printable ring size chart for an in-depth look at how finger width measurements stack up along the men’s ring size chart.can i measure a ring i already own to find out my ring size?yes, you can use a ring you already own to find your ring size. you can measure the inside of the ring and find the corresponding size for the measurement on our ring size print out. you can also use our printable ring size guide, placing the ring over the circle that’s closest in size.are men’s and women’s ring sizes measured on the same scale?yes, women’s and men’s ring sizes are measured on the same scale.how do i secretly find out someone else’s ring size?planning a surprise romantic and creative proposal? you can find out your partner’s ring size without them knowing. the easiest option is to simply ask their friends or family. if you’d like to measure your partner’s ring size secretly, we suggest measuring a ring they already wear. next: back to ring education learn more about rings explore more recently purchased engagement rings browse our customer's recent creations for endless engagement ring inspiration. top ten men’s wedding rings discover best-selling men's wedding ring styles that exemplify timeless design and craftsmanship. top ten women's wedding rings our top-rated women's wedding rings, available in one place, offer plenty of brilliant inspiration. find your matching wedding rings whether you're looking for a perfect fit or a unique complement to your engagement ring, use our easy wedding ring matcher tool to complete your set. the following errors have occurred: enter shipping address please enter your first name. *first name please enter your last name. *last name please enter a correct address. *address please enter a correct address. address line 2 please enter the city below. *city please enter the county below. *county please enter the province below. *province please enter a valid state below. *state --- ak al ar az ca co ct dc de fl ga hi ia id il in ks ky la ma md me mi mn mo ms mt nc nd ne nh nj nm nv ny oh ok or pa ri sc sd tn tx ut va vt wa wi wv wy please enter a valid zip code below. *zip code please enter a valid postal code below. *postal code please enter a valid country below. *shipping to united states australia canada new zealand united kingdom please enter a valid email address. *e-mail address please enter a valid phone number. *phone number ring type engagement anniversary other receive special offers and gift ideas from blue nile. we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. submit by clicking submit, you agree to our privacy policy cancel ring sizer request submitted that’s it! no email confirmation needed. your ring sizer tool will ship today using usps standard ground and should arrive in 7 to 10 days (8-15 days in canada). thank you! while you wait here is our free pdf download. close ring sizer request error we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. we're sorry, but our system was unable to process the request. please try again. get exclusive offers and news your email connect customer service live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance service discounts student discount about blue nile quality & value diamond sustainability customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations diamond shapes round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise give us feedback shipping destination & currency account sign in/create your account customer care live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance service discounts student discount about blue nile quality & value diamond sustainability customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations diamond shapes round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise give us your feedback the following errors have occurred: email(optional) if provided, email must be valid comment please enter your feedback we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. submit thank you thank you for taking the time to give us your input. close we're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. please try again later. continue shopping we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure feedback is from a human. continue shopping circa buys diamonds and jewelry site map updated privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility do not sell my personal information © 1999-2023 blue nile inc.