来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231064754/https://www.bluenile.com/education/diamonds
================================================================================

4cs of diamonds & diamond buying guide | blue nile skip to main content get our diamond-buying cheat sheet | sign up for our emails now 1-800-242-2728 locations this webroom feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader virtual appointment this appointment feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader sign in 0 wish list español blue nile® 0 free shipping, free returns free shipping, free returns diamonds diamonds shop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab grown diamonds build your own jewelry ring earrings pendant learn how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced diamond sustainability service & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade program sell your diamond jewelry view all diamonds engagement rings engagement rings build your own ring ® start with a natural diamond start with a lab grown diamond start with a setting shop rings by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise engagement ring styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone two-stone men’s engagement designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ ready to ship rings find your ring size top engagement rings view all engagement styles wedding rings wedding rings women's rings diamond eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings men's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 rings designer rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ view all wedding rings couple rings shop now > jewelry jewelry earrings design your own earrings diamond earrings gemstone earrings pearl earrings stud earrings gold earrings hoop earrings bracelets diamond bracelets gemstone bracelets pearl bracelets gold bracelets silver bracelets tennis bracelets necklaces design your own pendant diamond necklaces gemstone necklaces pearl necklaces gold necklaces silver necklaces cross necklaces rings diamond rings gemstone rings wedding rings engagement rings gold rings fashion rings jewelry lab grown diamond jewelry birthstone jewelry designer jewelry pearl jewelry rose gold jewelry new arrivals jewelry sale under $100 designer jewelry astor by blue nile™ monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ view all jewelry gifts gifts birthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaz top gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts for him gifts under $500 gifts by occasion anniversary graduation engravable wedding party gifts bridal jewelry view all gifts education education learn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™ diamond sustainability conflict-free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab grown diamonds learn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide pearl guide find your ring size service & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blog view all education education>diamond education diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian diamond education ► blue nile | the four cs: diamond education understanding a diamond's characteristics is simple. this video explains the 4cs - cut, color, clarity, and carat weight - the most important characteristics of buying a diamond. the 4cs of diamonds searching for a sparkling diamond? selecting a diamond starts by understanding the unique characteristics of each stone. diamonds are graded based off the 4cs - cut, color, clarity and carat weight. the 4cs of diamonds impact the stone’s beauty and value. learn more about each of the diamond 4cs below. find your diamond cut cut measures how well-proportioned a diamond’s dimensions are including the balance and brilliance of its facets. diamond cut is considered the most important of the four cs. learn more about cut color diamond color refers to how colorless a diamond is. color is the second most important of the 4cs of diamonds. the less color, the higher the grade. learn more about color clarity clarity assesses small imperfections within a diamond. inclusions can occur naturally during the diamond forming process. clarity is used to quantify and specify any inclusions. learn more about clarity carat weight carat measures a diamond’s weight. an objective measurement, carat weight is the most popular indicator for showing how large a diamond is. learn more about carat shape though not one of the 4cs, shape is still an important factor to consider when buying a diamond. each shape has different attributes that can affect price and quality grades. learn more about shape certification diamond reports and certifications can provide the full information on a diamond’s cut, color, clarity and carat weight. unbiased diamond grading reports are offered with every blue nile diamond. learn more about certification putting it all together with diamond quality as the largest online diamond retailer, we offer a vast collection of the world’s finest cut diamonds. our diamonds are pre-selected for exceptional quality with well-graded elements of the 4cs: cut, color, and clarity. each of the individual 4cs of diamonds may interact with one another to impact a stone’s overall appearance. for example, an ideal cut diamond may appear less brilliant if its color rating is l or m. a well-cut stone may appear larger than a diamond of the same carat weight thanks to increased light reflection. the 4cs of our loose diamonds are evaluated based on a standardized grading scale. each loose diamond is accompanied by a grading report from either gia, agsl or gemex, independent diamond grading labs with stringent grading and certification guidelines to analyze diamond quality. fancy shapes and the four cs of diamonds while round brilliant is the most popular diamond shape, there are many other shapes available. we offer nine different fancy-shaped diamonds that bring a personality all their own. also known as fancy-cut stones, these diamonds are still graded by their cut, color, clarity and carat weight. the 4cs of diamonds can behave a little differently for fancy cuts. cs such as clarity and carat can be more forgiving in fancy-shape diamonds. larger tables can make these diamonds appear larger, maximizing a lower carat weight. inclusions that are a consideration for round diamonds may be disguised or removed altogether in more specialized cuts. fancy-shaped diamond 4cs are also unique in terms of clarity, with different shaped stones adding their own faceting to the mix. colorful diamonds while diamond color is one of the four cs in respect to how colorless a stone is, there are some diamonds where colorful hues are intentional and even prized. colored diamonds are available in hues of yellow, pink, green, blue and even brown. for fancy color diamonds, color isn't about how colorless the diamond is, instead it’s about the stone’s hue, intensity, overtones and saturation. when shopping for colored diamonds, the cs of cut, clarity and carat weight are also still important. how to buy a diamond with so many diamonds for sale, there are a lot of options to choose from. buying a diamond doesn't have to feel like a guessing game. learning a little about the 4cs, diamond quality and how these influence diamond price can make the buying journey a simple one. every purchase is unique, but there are some core steps for buying a diamond that you can expect to navigate as you find the perfect fit. step one: learn about the four csunderstanding the 4cs of diamonds is the first step in buying a diamond. this will help you understand which qualities are most important when you start browsing stones.step two: set your budgetonce you understand the four cs of diamond quality, you can set your budget. we offer stunningly gorgeous diamonds for many price points.step three: decide which cs are most importantstaying within budget is about finding the diamond with the right combination of cut, color, clarity and carat for that specific stone shape and jewelry setting. for example, if you're looking to maximize diamond cut within your budget, you may opt for a smaller carat weight stone with a high clarity rating. if carat size is your biggest focus, then you may choose a stone that’s lower in terms of clarity to maximize the carat.step four: pick a trustworthy jewelerwe are proud to be the best jeweler for purchasing diamond jewelry online. browse our diamonds online or visit your closest blue nile jewelry store to find the right diamond. for added confidence in your purchase, our diamonds include gia, agsl or gemex grading reports.step five: find your fityou've learned about the 4cs, set your budget, prioritized your diamond features and found a jeweler you can trust. now, it’s time to pick the perfect diamond to fit an engagement ring, earrings or any other jewelry need. this is the fun part! explore our impressive selection of diamonds to choose the perfect stone to add to a setting or purchase all on its own. diamond buying guide faqs what grade of diamond is best?our astor diamonds represent the highest-graded stones available. these diamonds feature unparalleled brilliance.which of the 4cs of diamonds is most important?cut is the most important characteristic of the 4cs. cut is responsible for the diamond’s brilliance. a symmetrical, proportionate diamond cut will bring the most sparkle.which of the diamond 4cs is least important?clarity is believed to be the least important of the four cs. this is because many imperfections are difficult to see with the naked eye.how do the 4cs impact a diamond’s price?the higher quality a diamond is, the more expensive it will be. each stone is unique and many less-than-perfect grades in some of the 4 cs are difficult to see with the naked eye. for example, stones with a lower clarity score may still look eye-clean. because of the uniqueness of diamonds, it’s possible to choose a stone with lower scoring elements of the 4cs and still enjoy a breathtakingly beautiful diamond. grade not carried by blue nile blue nile quality cut fair and poor good, very good, ideal, and astor ideal color l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, and z k, j, i, h, g, f, e, and d clarity i1, i2, and i3 si2, si1, vs2, vs1, vvs2, vvs1, if, and fl price match guarantee if you find a comparable gia-graded diamond at a lower price, we'll review to match the price. more information diamond upgrade program we offer a lifetime diamond upgrade program on all gia and agsl-graded diamonds. more information conflict free diamonds blue nile diamonds are ethically sourced with a zero-tolerance policy for conflict diamonds. more information diamond education diamond education cut color clarity carat shape shape vs. price certification colored diamonds lab grown diamonds buying guide astor by blue nile™ education astor by blue nile™ diamonds jewelry education jewelry education earrings necklaces bracelets ring education ring education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide men's wedding rings wedding ring styles ring size guide metal education metal education platinum gold silver tungsten cobalt tantalum titanium gemstone education gemstone education cut color clarity size enhancements pearl education pearl education akoya freshwater south sea tahitian get exclusive offers and news your email connect customer service live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance service discounts student discount about blue nile quality & value diamond sustainability customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations diamond shapes round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise give us feedback shipping destination & currency account sign in/create your account customer care live chat this chat feature is not accessible, please do not toggle this if using a screen reader 1-800-242-2728 email us contact us faqs help topics order status returns sell your diamond refer a friend give us your feedback why blue nile? returns are free conflict free diamonds diamond price matching diamond upgrade program free lifetime warranty free secure shipping free boxes & gift cards blue nile credit card jewelry insurance service discounts student discount about blue nile quality & value diamond sustainability customer reviews blue nile blog careers locations diamond shapes round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise give us your feedback the following errors have occurred: email(optional) if provided, email must be valid comment please enter your feedback we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure request is from a human. submit thank you thank you for taking the time to give us your input. close we're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. please try again later. continue shopping we're sorry, but our system was unable to initialize google recaptcha to ensure feedback is from a human. continue shopping circa buys diamonds and jewelry site map updated privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility do not sell my personal information © 1999-2023 blue nile inc.