来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231230023806/https://www.bluenile.com/education/diamonds/lab-grown-diamonds
================================================================================

lab grown diamonds: education and faq | blue nile you need to enable javascript to run this app. clearance sale | save up to 50% | terms & conditions shop sale >1-800-242-2728storesvirtual appointmentdiamondsshop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab grown diamondsbuild your own jewelry ring earrings pendantlearn about how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced diamond sustainabilityservice & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade programview all diamondsview all diamondsengagement ringsbuild your own ring start with a natural diamond start with a lab grown diamond start with a settingshop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquiseengagement rings styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone two-stone men’s engagementdesigners rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ ready to ship rings find your ring size top engagement ringsview all engagement stylesview all engagement styleswedding ringswomen's rings diamonds eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 ringsmen's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 ringsdesigners rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™view all wedding ringsview all wedding ringsjewelryearrings design your own earrings diamond earrings gemstone earrings pearl earrings diamond stud earrings gold earrings hoop earringsbracelets diamond bracelets gemstone bracelets pearl bracelets gold bracelets silver bracelets tennis bracelets bangle braceletsnecklaces design your own pendant diamond necklaces gemstone necklaces pearl necklaces gold necklaces silver necklaces cross necklacesrings diamond rings gemstone rings wedding rings engagement rings gold rings fashion ringsjewelry lab grown diamond jewelry birthstone jewelry designer jewelry pearl jewelry rose gold jewelry new arrivals jewelry sale under $100designers jewelry astor by blue nile™ monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™view all jewelryview all jewelrygiftsbirthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaztop gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts under $500gifts by occasion anniversary graduation wedding party gifts bridal jewelryview all giftsview all giftsgemstonesshop gemstone by color blue sapphire pink sapphire yellow sapphire green sapphire red ruby green emeraldbuild your own jewelry ring earrings pendantlearn about birthstones gemstone characteristics gemstone buying guidegemstone jewelry gemstone rings gemstone earrings gemstone necklaces gemstone braceletsview all gemstonesview all gemstoneseducationlearn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™️ diamond sustainability conflict- free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab grown diamondslearn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide find your ring sizeservice & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blogview all educationview all educationhome / education / diamonds / lab grown diamondslab grown diamondslab grown diamondslab created, engineered, cultured, manufactured – whatever name you know them by, lab grown diamonds are increasingly popular for all types of jewelry. learn about how lab diamonds have gotten sparkle down to a science and how they stack up against natural diamonds.what is a lab grown diamond? lab grown diamonds are diamonds that have been “grown” in a controlled laboratory setting. they’re comprised of the same chemical components you'll find in natural diamonds (carbon atoms arranged in a specific pattern) but instead of being formed deep in the earth’s crust, lab made diamonds are created in a laboratory. because lab grown diamonds are chemically the same as natural earth made diamonds, they are virtually indistinguishable in terms of appearance, quality and durability. lab grown diamond technology for industrial uses has been around for over 50 years, but within the last decade there have been impressive developments in quality and price, meaning these lab grown stones can now be used in jewelry, too. lab grown diamonds for salewhat are the benefits of lab grown diamonds? beauty lab grown diamonds shine and sparkle just like natural diamonds.value lab grown diamonds can be produced in large batches in just a few weeks. this makes lab grown diamonds considerably less expensive than natural diamonds of comparable size and quality. ethical choice today, both natural and lab made diamonds are excellent choices for ethical diamonds. for those looking to purchase diamonds that have not been mined, lab made diamonds are a popular choice.  both lab created and natural diamonds bring incredible sparkle, beauty and durability. both kinds of diamonds are rated for their qualities, including the 4cs. lab grown diamonds bring extra qualities to the table: are lab grown diamonds real diamonds? lab diamonds are real diamonds. they contain the same cubic crystalline form of pure carbon that is also found in natural diamonds. both natural and lab diamonds offer the same visual and chemical qualities, bringing long-lasting brilliance to any piece of high-quality jewelry.what’s the difference between lab grown diamonds and natural diamonds? both natural and lab grown diamonds are made of pure carbon that is transformed into sparkling crystalline stones. while their chemical foundation gives lab created diamonds the same optical properties as natural diamonds, lab grown diamonds are not as rare as their natural counterparts. formed over millennia, natural diamonds acquire their scintillating shapes from the pressure of being compacted deep within the earth’s crust. because of this, all of the natural diamonds that will ever exist have already been created, making them forever rarities. laboratory grown diamonds, on the other hand, can be produced limitlessly.how are lab grown diamonds made? the science behind lab created diamonds has advanced in recent years, making it possible for specialized laboratories to create stunning diamonds. it all starts with a seed diamond, which is typically a small lab grown diamond. from there, the seed will either undergo chemical vapor deposition (cvd) or high pressure high temperature (hpht) processes to create the completed lab diamond. in cvd lab diamond creation, the small seed diamond is placed into a plasma reactor chamber where a mixture of carbon-rich gases is added at a low pressure. then, microwaves are used to heat the gases and generate plasma. as the temperature climbs over several thousand degrees, the gas molecules break apart which makes way for carbon atoms to bond to the seed one layer at a time. as the layers build, the cvd lab creation process produces a complete diamond. the hpht method takes another approach to creating diamonds in the laboratory, following a controlled process that mimics the conditions in which diamonds form naturally. hpht diamonds start with the same seed diamond, but things change from there. with hpht diamonds, the seed is placed in a large mechanical press along with a carbon starting material. the press applies high pressure coupled with high temperatures, resulting in extreme conditions for the carbon starting material. the material’s carbon soon separates and finds its way to the cooler diamond seed, resulting in new layers of carbon forming to grow the diamond in size. this causes more layers of the diamond to form. the seed diamond acts as a guide for the lattice of carbon that will soon become the completed diamond, guiding the new layers of carbon to form a complete diamond. this lab diamond process is closest to the conditions in which earth created diamonds are formed. both cvd and hpht diamonds can take several weeks or months to be created in a laboratory. the exact amount of time will depend on the diamond’s size, color and additional features.what is the difference between lab grown and simulated diamonds? unlike lab grown diamonds, simulated diamonds are not diamonds. diamond simulants such as cubic zirconia and moissanite have different chemical compositions compared to a diamond. simulants are made from seed materials like glass or cubic zirconia. this fact makes diamond simulants like moissanite lack the hardness and optical properties of lab grown diamonds. as time goes on, simulants become much more susceptible to wear-and-tear and diminished sparkle. lab made diamonds, on the other hand, are chemically identical to natural diamonds and offer lasting beauty.how are lab grown diamonds certified and graded? as with natural diamonds, diamonds made in a lab have the option to receive grading. after being sent to a gem institute that specializes in grading diamonds, lab grown diamonds are graded independently by several of the lab's gemologists. afterward, the individual grades are compiled and compared to give the lab grown diamond its final grade. not all lab grown diamonds are graded. typically, smaller gems do not get grading, and not all jewelers choose to grade their lab grown diamonds. at blue nile, we offer grading for many of our lab created diamonds to bring transparency to the lab grown purchasing process. can you tell the difference between lab grown diamonds and natural diamonds? there typically aren’t distinguishable differences between manufactured and natural diamonds, especially when comparing them with the unaided eye. both lab created and earth created diamonds have the same crystalline carbon structure and offer the same optical qualities. an expert jeweler may be able to tell the difference between these two kinds of diamonds when looking at their inclusions under magnification. they may have different types of inclusions depending on the diamond’s creation process. are lab grown diamonds priced differently than natural diamonds?  unlike the price of natural diamonds, which is determined by a stone’s unique characteristics and rarity, lab grown diamonds can be priced uniformly per carat. lab grown diamonds also have the benefit of being priced significantly lower than natural diamonds since their production capacity is unlimited.faqsdoes blue nile sell loose lab grown diamonds?yes, at blue nile we sell high-quality lab grown diamonds. we offer a wide selection of loose diamonds including natural or lab created diamonds.are lab grown diamonds flawless?lab grown diamonds display variations in color, clarity and cut, and may also exhibit minor internal or surface inclusions, similar to natural diamonds.can i insure lab grown diamonds?yes! you can protect your lab grown diamonds by insuring them just like you would other fine jewelry.can lab grown diamonds test as moissanite?lab grown diamonds will test as diamonds, especially if accurate testing equipment is used. a professional at a diamond testing lab can easily differentiate between lab diamonds and moissanites by testing their refractive properties. moissanite exhibits double refraction while lab grown diamonds display single refraction.are lab grown diamonds cheaper than natural diamonds?yes. lab grown diamonds are produced at scale. this means they have no intrinsic rarity, which makes them less expensive than natural diamonds.how do i evaluate the quality of a lab grown diamond?lab grown diamonds are produced in controlled environments, so their quality can be closely held to high and exacting standards. lab grown diamonds can be evaluated according to the same characteristics as natural diamonds, using the the the 4cs: cut, color, clarity and carat.are lab grown diamonds a good investment?like any gemstone, the resale value of lab created diamonds can change over time. natural diamonds typically command a higher price tag and value due to their rarity, but lab diamonds are often regarded as a great option for affordable sparkle.are laboratory diamonds worth anything?while lab created diamonds do not have the rarity value that natural diamonds have, lab made diamonds are still valued. they are valued for their beautiful 4cs and are the perfect addition to many jewelry pieces. manufactured diamonds are just as durable as their natural counterparts, and they can add beauty to any jewelry.are lab diamonds better quality?lab diamonds and minded diamonds both offer standout features and qualities. lab made diamonds are graded by the gia like natural diamonds are. there are high-quality options for both lab made and earth created diamonds.where can i buy lab grown diamonds?if you are wondering where to buy lab grown diamonds, look no further than our selection at blue nile! we offer a wide selection of lab created diamonds for sale.how are diamonds made in a lab?lab created diamonds can be manufactured through two different techniques. they are either made through chemical vapor deposition (cvd) or high pressure high temperature (hpht) processes.do lab diamonds go through the kimberley process?lab grown diamonds are not part of the kimberley process as they are not mined. lab diamonds are considered one of the newest options for ethical gems.customer carelive chat1-800-242-2728email uscontact usfaq’sreturnswhy blue nilereturns are freeconflict free diamondsdiamond price matchingdiamond upgrade programfree lifetime warrantyfree secure shippingfree boxes & gift cardsblue nile credit cardjewelry insuranceabout blue nilequality & valuediamond sustainabilityblue nile bloglocationscareers diamond shapesroundprincesscushionovalemeraldpearasscherheartradiantmarquisejoin the blue nile - listget exclusive offers and newssign upfacebookinstagramtwitterpinterest© 2023 blue nile inc.terms & conditionsprivacy noticesite mapaccessibilitydo not sell my personal information