来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231230023806/https://www.bluenile.com/engagement-rings
================================================================================

engagement rings | blue nile you need to enable javascript to run this app. clearance sale | save up to 50% | terms & conditions shop sale >1-800-242-2728storesvirtual appointmentdiamondsshop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab grown diamondsbuild your own jewelry ring earrings pendantlearn about how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced diamond sustainabilityservice & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade programview all diamondsview all diamondsengagement ringsbuild your own ring start with a natural diamond start with a lab grown diamond start with a settingshop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquiseengagement rings styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone two-stone men’s engagementdesigners rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ ready to ship rings find your ring size top engagement ringsview all engagement stylesview all engagement styleswedding ringswomen's rings diamonds eternity platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 ringsmen's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 ringsdesigners rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™view all wedding ringsview all wedding ringsjewelryearrings design your own earrings diamond earrings gemstone earrings pearl earrings diamond stud earrings gold earrings hoop earringsbracelets diamond bracelets gemstone bracelets pearl bracelets gold bracelets silver bracelets tennis bracelets bangle braceletsnecklaces design your own pendant diamond necklaces gemstone necklaces pearl necklaces gold necklaces silver necklaces cross necklacesrings diamond rings gemstone rings wedding rings engagement rings gold rings fashion ringsjewelry lab grown diamond jewelry birthstone jewelry designer jewelry pearl jewelry rose gold jewelry new arrivals jewelry sale under $100designers jewelry astor by blue nile™ monica rich kosann zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™view all jewelryview all jewelrygiftsbirthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaztop gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts under $500gifts by occasion anniversary graduation wedding party gifts bridal jewelryview all giftsview all giftsgemstonesshop gemstone by color blue sapphire pink sapphire yellow sapphire green sapphire red ruby green emeraldbuild your own jewelry ring earrings pendantlearn about birthstones gemstone characteristics gemstone buying guidegemstone jewelry gemstone rings gemstone earrings gemstone necklaces gemstone braceletsview all gemstonesview all gemstoneseducationlearn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™️ diamond sustainability conflict- free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab grown diamondslearn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide find your ring sizeservice & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blogview all educationview all educationhome / engagement ringsyour journey begins hereengagement ringsfind inspiration for a proposal, explore design options for your handcrafted ring and more. we'll help you make your moment. shop diamonds shop settingsexplore rings solitairehalovintagesidestonethree-stonelab grown diamondsa new path to brillianceour lab grown diamonds are made with care and graded for excellence—a perfect choice for your wedding ring. shop lab grownour engagement picksour experts have selected a few trending styles, and some bonafide classics, to consider for your own custom engagement ring.gemstone engagement ringshalo engagement rings3-stone engagement ringsthe ultimate love letteran astor diamond engagement ring is simply peerless. celebrate your love with our benchmark for brilliance.design your astor ringdesigner ringszac posenbella vaughanblue nile studioour jewelry experts on speed dialwhether you want help finding the right style of ring, have a question about fit or need something special for an important milestone, our experts are here 24/7 to help.consultdesign your own engagement ringbring your love to life with a handcrafted design that perfectly suits your relationship, budget and style. our expert artisans will pour their passion into every detail of your beautiful custom engagement ring. shop settingsshop diamondsdesign your own ringdesign your own earringsdesign your own pendantlegendary service, 30-day returns & morewere here 24/7 at your convenience with secure deliveries, 30-day returns and our famous diamond price-match guarantee.consultengagement ring style guidesolitairetimeless and traditional, a diamond solitaire engagement ring highlights your center stone in classic style.haloframe your center stone with a sparkling single or double diamond halo, including designs with fancy shapes.vintage - inspireda vintage-inspired engagement ring gives you heirloom-looks with custom details from milgrain to hand-engraving.sapphire sidestonebold sapphires and sparkling diamonds make great friends. it's no surprise sapphire sidestone rings are so popular.diamond sidestonediamond sidestones add extra sparkle, and come in stunning options like delicate pavé and tapered baguettes.gemstone ringswhen you're looking for a unique option, a gemstone engagement ring adds a beautiful pop of color to your style.three-stonea three-stone engagement ring features two diamond or gemstone sidestones that frame your center stone.pave settingscrafted with petite diamond accents to add brilliance to your band or extra sparkle to your halo engagement ring setting.explore even more styleseternity ringsdiamond ringsplatinum ringsrose gold ringshandcrafted in new yorkour highly skilled artisans exceed industry standards with sparkling gia-graded natural diamonds, the finest-quality materials and outstanding engagement ring design at an amazing value.about blue nileonly at blue nilewhen it comes to celebrations we strive to make your experience as brilliant as our jewelry with the perfect pieces for every occasion.visit a showroomshow locationsmeet our personal jewelers, explore bestselling styles, pick up an online order, arrange to preview something from our online collection and so much more.schedule an appointmentschedulebook a fun and interactive appointment with a diamond expert and get up-close views of diamond and jewelery options from the comfort of your own home.amazing valuethe highest-quality design at a great price.peace of mind30-day returns, diamond price-match guarantee and more.expert guidancethe original online jeweler since 1999.inspiring assortmentthe perfect pieces for every occasion.frequently asked questions about engagement ringswelcome to the blue nile engagement ring faq, featuring everything you need to know to maximize sparkle—and your budget. as the largest online retailer of certified diamonds and fine jewelry, we can say with confidence that you’ve come to the right place to buy an engagement ring. our selection, quality and expertise are unsurpassed. we’re here to help you find or design an engagement ring that reflects your intentions, your budget, your relationship, and basically everything and anything that matters most to you.how many carats should an engagement ring be? a classic diamond engagement ring with one elegant center stone often weighs about one carat, while a slightly larger, two-carat diamond is also a popular weight. but there is no "right" size for a diamond or gemstone engagement ring. the best engagement ring carat size depends on your budget and the wearer’s unique personal style. we offer a wide variety of natural and lab created diamond rings, making it easy to find the perfect fit for your special someone.how much should i spend on an engagement ring? the amount you spend on an engagement ring is a personal choice that should take your finances and priorities into account. beautiful engagement rings are available for a range of budgets, and our experts are happy to help you find the best value at a price you're comfortable with.what should i know before buying an engagement ring? when shopping for a diamond engagement ring, keep in mind that the shape and cut of a gemstone are more important than its size. even more important is the wearer's personal style and lifestyle. choose a diamond ring that fits the wearer’s personality, whether that's a pink cushion diamond in a vintage gold setting, a lab grown diamond ring or a classic round diamond in a sleek and modern platinum setting. and if the wearer is very active, choose a ring with a low profile.what's the difference between an engagement ring and a wedding ring? traditionally, an engagement ring is what’s presented during a marriage proposal and a wedding ring is what partners give to each other during the wedding ceremony. it’s also common for an engagement ring to be more ornatethan a wedding ring. one of our best-selling combinations is a round diamond solitaire engagement ring paired with a diamond pavé wedding band. on the flip side, we have many customers who love to turn tradition on its head: some customers forgo the engagement ring altogether and choose matching bands. other couples double up on sparkle, with stacking rings that bookend the engagement ring. some couples take an updated approach, choosing lab grown engagement rings for a different pairing.what are the different diamond shapes for engagement rings? diamonds for engagement rings and other jewelry come in round and fancy shapes. with nearly 60 facets to reflect light, round-cut diamonds have unsurpassed brilliance. each of the fancy shapes—princess, emerald, asscher, marquise, oval, radiant, pear, heart and cushion—is beloved for its own, distinctive look and style. there is no single best diamond shape for an engagement ring—choose the shape that speaks to your heart.what metals are used in engagement rings? a popular engagement ring metal among blue nile customers is definitely platinum (or white gold for people who want a platinum-look at a lower cost). over the last few years, however, rose gold engagement rings are a fast-rising trend. rose gold was often used in settings in the late nineteenth century, and is appreciated today for its naturally romantic appeal that particularly suits rings with vintage-inspired styles. most recently, yellow gold engagement rings are capturing the attention of people who appreciate the way this metal’s beautiful warm glow complements engagement ring settings with colored gemstones.what are the 4cs? the 4cs are the four main quality factors that determine the value of a diamond: color, cut, clarity and carat. the sparkle of a diamond comes from its cut and symmetry, while the carat size determines how big it will look on the wearer's finger. use the 4cs to help guide your engagement ring choice, but—as always—the "right" ring is the one that reaches out to you, whether or not it's deemed a "perfect" stone by experts. how do i find the right ring size? you can find out how to measure ring size at home using household items with our guide. you can also request a free plastic ring sizer through our website. when measuring a ring size, do so at the end of the day when the fingers are warm. don’t forget to measure a few times for accuracy.how do i find a ring that matches my partner’s style? there are several ways to find an engagement ring style that matches your partner’s jewelry tastes. their existing jewelry can tell you a lot about their preferences in terms of metals, styles and even sizing. discreetly asking a trusted friend or family member can also help you determine your partner’s engagement ring stylewhat kinds of engagement ring styles are popular today? popular styles include engagement rings for women that feature a prominent center stone such as solitaire and halo rings. pavé, twist band and milgrain designs are also in-demand styles. lab created diamond engagement rings are also growing in popularity.how much does the average person spend on an engagement ring? there is no set rule for how much to spend on an engagement ring. you should focus on purchasing a ring that fits your partner and your budget. our top engagement rings can help you see what options are most popular.who traditionally wears an engagement ring? traditionally, engagement rings are worn by the person that has been proposed to. today, some couples are choosing to shake things up with the partner who popped the question sporting an engagement ring as well. engagement rings are worn on their own until the wedding ceremony when they are then paired with a wedding ring.who buys the engagement ring? engagement rings are traditionally purchased by the partner who is proposing.where can i hide the engagement ring before proposing? if you’re keeping your engagement ring a surprise, there are many ways to keep it hidden until you propose. at home, engagement rings can be hidden in areas where your partner doesn’t often look. this may be up high, in a sock drawer or in other infrequently accessed areas. some people opt to hide their engagement ring in a safety deposit box or at a trusted friend or family member’s house.what are some romantic proposal ideas? visit our blog for romantic, creative and memorable proposal ideas.does blue nile sell lab created diamond rings? at blue nile, we offer stunning lab created diamond rings in popular engagement styles. choose from lab made diamonds or natural diamonds for the perfect engagement ring. learn more about how lab diamonds are made, how lab diamonds compare to natural diamonds and how lab diamonds compare to moissanite.are there any extra considerations when buying lab grown engagement rings? if you’re considering a lab grown engagement ring for your partner, we make it easy to find the best fit. lab created diamonds are the same as natural diamonds in terms of optical performance, chemical composition and durability. because of these similarities, many lab made diamond rings are accompanied by reporting for the gem’s 4cs. just as with natural diamonds, you should consider the cut, carat, color and clarity of any lab created diamond engagement ring.how can i make a ring more affordable? whether you’re choosing earth created or lab grown diamond rings, there are many ways to stay within your budget. options such as white gold, fancy-shaped diamonds or lab created gems are popular choices for creating a stunning ring that’s more budget-friendly.are lab diamonds good for engagement rings? recent advancements in diamond growing processes make engagement rings with lab created diamonds a great choice for many styles. we offer a large selection of earth created and lab grown diamond rings. the choice of lab versus natural diamonds comes down to personal preference as both types of gems make excellent options for any engagement ring.explore engagement rings by categoryshop by styletype hereantique-inspired ringsclassic ringsfloral ringshalo ringspetite ringssimple ringssolitaire ringsunique ringsvintage-inspired ringsshop by settingtype herecathedral settingcomfort fit settingeast west settingfour prong settingsix prong settingsquare settingshop by accenttype herechannel set ringsdiamond sidestone ringsengravable ringseternity ringsinfinity ringsmilgrain ringspavé engagement ringssapphire sidestone ringsthree-stone ringsshop by metaltype heregold settingplatinum settingrose gold settingwhite gold settingyellow gold settingshop by gemstonetype hereshop all gemstone ringsamethyst engagement ringsaquamarine engagement ringsdiamond engagement ringsemerald engagement ringsgarnet engagement ringsmorganite engagement ringsshop more gemstonestype heremoonstone engagement ringsopal engagement ringspink sapphire engagement ringsruby engagement ringssapphire engagement ringstanzanite engagement ringstopaz engagement ringsshop by budgettype hereengagement rings under $500engagement rings under $1,000engagement rings under $2,000affordable engagement ringsshop by sizetype heresmall engagement ringslarge engagement ringssize 3 engagement ringssize 9 engagement ringsshop by collectiontype heremen's engagement ringshas matching wedding bandfind matching bandshop by designertype hereshop all designersbella vaughanblue nile studiozac posendesign your owntype heredesign your own diamond engagement ringdesign your own three stone engagement ringdesign your own five stone engagement ringready to shiptype hereready-to-ship diamond ringsready-to-ship gemstone ringscustomer carelive chat1-800-242-2728email uscontact usfaq’sreturnswhy blue nilereturns are freeconflict free diamondsdiamond price matchingdiamond upgrade programfree lifetime warrantyfree secure shippingfree boxes & gift cardsblue nile credit cardjewelry insuranceabout blue nilequality & valuediamond sustainabilityblue nile bloglocationscareers diamond shapesroundprincesscushionovalemeraldpearasscherheartradiantmarquisejoin the blue nile - listget exclusive offers and newssign upfacebookinstagramtwitterpinterest© 2023 blue nile inc.terms & conditionsprivacy noticesite mapaccessibilitydo not sell my personal information