来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231210536/https://www.bluenile.com/policies/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms & conditions | blue nile you need to enable javascript to run this app. find your forever piece > shop jewelry1-800-242-2728storesvirtual appointmentdiamondsshop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab grown diamondsbuild your own jewelry ring earrings pendantlearn about how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced diamond sustainabilityservice & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade programview all diamondsview all diamondsengagement ringsbuild your own ring start with a natural diamond start with a lab grown diamond start with a setting ready to ship ringsshop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquiseengagement rings styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone men’s engagementdesigners rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ find your ring size top engagement ringsview all engagement stylesview all engagement styleswedding ringswomen's rings diamonds platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 ringsmen's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 ringsdesigners rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™diamond essentials anniversary rings eternity ringsdiamond essentials anniversary rings eternity ringsview all wedding ringsview all wedding ringsjewelrydiamond essentials diamond eternity rings diamond anniversary rings diamond stud earrings diamond tennis bracelets diamond pendant necklaces diamond hoop earrings diamond tennis necklacesearrings design your own earrings diamond earrings gemstone earrings pearl earrings gold earringsbracelets diamond bracelets gemstone bracelets pearl bracelets gold bracelets silver bracelets bangle braceletsnecklaces design your own pendant diamond necklaces gemstone necklaces pearl necklaces gold necklaces silver necklaces cross necklaces cuban chainsrings diamond rings gemstone rings wedding rings engagement rings gold rings fashion rings promise ringsjewelry lab grown diamond jewelry men's jewelry birthstone jewelry pearl jewelry rose gold jewelry new arrivals jewelry sale under $100collections astor by blue nile™ zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ eclipse collectionview all jewelrycollections astor by blue nile™ zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ eclipse collectionview all jewelrygiftsbirthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaztop gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts under $500gifts by occasion anniversary graduation wedding party gifts bridal jewelryview all giftsview all giftsgemstonesshop gemstone by color blue sapphire pink sapphire yellow sapphire green sapphire red ruby green emeraldbuild your own jewelry ring earrings pendantlearn about birthstones gemstone characteristics gemstone buying guidegemstone jewelry gemstone rings gemstone earrings gemstone necklaces gemstone braceletsview all gemstonesview all gemstoneseducationlearn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™️ diamond sustainability conflict- free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab grown diamondslearn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide find your ring sizeservice & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blogview all educationview all educationhome / policies / terms and conditionsterms & conditionsthese terms and conditions apply to the blue nile web site located at www.bluenile.com, and all associated web sites linked to www.bluenile.com by blue nile, its subsidiaries and affiliates, including blue nile's sites around the world (collectively 'the site'). please read these terms and conditions (the 'terms and conditions') carefully. by using the site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. these terms and conditions govern your use of, and any purchase from, the blue nile site, and constitute an agreement between you and blue nile. blue nile reserves the right to change or modify any of these terms and conditions or any policy or guideline of the site at any time, and in its sole discretion. any change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions on the site. your continued use of the site following the posting of its changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. therefore, you should frequently review these terms and conditions and any other applicable policies from time-to-time to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the site. if you do not agree to the amended terms, you must stop using the site.product availability pricing payment information diamond certificates comparison purchasing information on our site policy on ethical sourcing privacy policy site content trademarks use of the site infringer policy third party content advertisements and promotions submissions product reviews and user content sms terms and conditionsindemnification disclaimer of warranty limitation of liability applicable law and venue modification and notice termination severability questions & contact informationproduct availabilityon occasion, you may be able to place a product in your shopping cart and submit your order for processing, but your order is subsequently cancelled due to unavailability of product. you acknowledge that products may sell quickly and there may be a short period of time after an order has been submitted, but where the product is no longer available. you agree that we may cancel your order after you have received an order confirmation without penalty. on very rare occasions, you may receive a shipping confirmation from us, but the product is no longer available in our or our third party fulfillment provider's inventory. you agree that we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order without penalty if we are unable to ship the product you ordered due to unavailability. if you're interested in a piece of jewelry that is currently on back order, call us and we can tell you when the item will be back in stock. sometimes with the volume of orders we receive, an item may go out of stock before we are able to post a notification on the site. if this happens, we will contact you directly to discuss possible options. pricingdata, including prices, may be inaccurately displayed on our site due to system or typographical errors. while we make every attempt to avoid these errors, they may occur. we reserve the right to correct any and all errors when they do occur, and we do not honor inaccurate or erroneous prices. if a product's listed price is lower than its actual price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping the product or cancel the order and notify you of such cancellation. if the order has been shipped, you agree to either return the product or pay the difference between the actual and charged prices. our prices are also subject to change without notice. we apologize for any inconvenience that this may cause. if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact one of our diamond and jewelry experts at service@bluenile.com or 1-800-242-2728. we do not negotiate prices on our products and all our prices are final. payment informationafter you have selected your jewelry and provided shipping information, you will see a prompt for your payment details, such as your credit card information and any promotional codes or gift cards you may have. by entering your payment information and submitting your order, you authorize us and our third party payment processors to charge the amount of the order to your selected payment method. diamond certificateswhen you order a loose diamond, we ship it to you with the accompanying diamond grading report (also called a diamond certificate). these grading reports are detailed documents created by diamond grading experts at one of two highly-respected diamond laboratories - making it very expensive to replace a diamond grading report. because of this, we require each diamond grading report to be included with each returned diamond. if you do not include the diamond grading report with your return, you will be charged a replacement fee of us$150 (or equivalent amount in other currencies).comparison purchasingto keep our prices low, we do not allow comparison purchasing. comparison purchasing is the act of buying several items with the intent of keeping the one you like best and returning the remainder. this causes undue restocking and inventory overhead and can be very costly. to confirm the quality of a jewelry item, please contact one of our diamond and jewelry experts at service@bluenile.com or 1-800-242-2728, and we would be happy to help you make your choice. information on our siteat blue nile, we make every attempt to ensure that our online catalog is as accurate and complete as possible. in order to give you the opportunity to view our products in great detail, some products may appear larger or smaller than their actual size in our photographs; and since every computer monitor is set differently, color and size may vary slightly. our objective is to provide you with as much information and detail about your prospective purchase as possible so that you can see the beauty and shape of a particular item. in compliance with industry standards and ftc regulations, blue nile states that carat total weight in all purchases may vary 0.05 carats from stated weight. on the site, we provide the measurement of our products based on our manufacturing specifications. slight tolerances may be accounted for based on finishing during the manufacturing. width tolerance on machine made wedding bands of 0.20mm is allowed. cast manufactured rings can vary slightly more. for gemstone and pearl measurements, a tolerance of 0.25mm is allowed. for diamond jewelry set with multiple diamonds, we provide the minimum total carat weight for the piece. color and clarity grades are expressed as either a minimum or an average depending on the number of diamonds. if stated as a minimum, all diamonds within the piece are at or above the stated quality. if expressed as an average, collectively the quality is equal to or exceeds the grade stated. policy on ethical sourcingat blue nile, we only purchase diamonds through the largest and most respected suppliers who, like us, proudly adhere to and enforce the standards established by the kimberley process, an international system that polices the trade of diamonds to ensure they are from sources free of conflict. read more about blue nile's policy on ethical sourcing and the steps we take to ensure our diamonds are from conflict free sources. privacy policyplease refer to our privacy policy for information on how blue nile collects, uses, and discloses personally identifiable information from its customers. site content the site and all content and other materials, including, without limitation, the blue nile logo, and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, selection, coordination, 'look and feel', information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the "site materials") are the proprietary property of blue nile or its licensors or users and are protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. trademarksblue nile, build your own ring, build your own three-stone ring, build your own earrings, build your own diamond pendant, the blue nile logos, and any other product or service name or slogan contained in our site are trademarks of blue nile and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of blue nile or the applicable trademark holder. you may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "blue nile" or any other name, trademark or product or service name of blue nile without our prior written permission. all other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and blue nile names or logos mentioned in our site are the property of their respective owners. use of the siteyou are granted a personal, limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use our site and electronically copy, (except where prohibited without a license) and print to hard copy portions of our site materials for your informational, non-commercial and personal use only.such license is subject to these terms and conditions and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial use of our site or the site materials therein; (b) the collection and use of any product listings, pictures or descriptions for commercial purposes; (c) the distribution, public performance or public display of any site materials, (d) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of our site and the site materials, or any portion thereof; (e) use of any automated means to access, monitor or interact with any portion of our site, including through data mining, robots, spiders, scraping, or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (f) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of our site, the site materials or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on our site; (g) cause to appear any pop-up, pop-under, exit windows, expanding buttons, banners, advertisement, or anything else which minimizes, covers, or frames or inhibits the full display of our site; (h) use our web sites in any way which interferes with the normal operation of our sites; or (i) any use of our site or the site materials other than for its intended purposeany use of our site or the site materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of blue nile, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these terms and conditions shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. this license is revocable at any time. infringer policyin accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (dmca) and other applicable law, blue nile has adopted a policy of terminating and barring, in appropriate circumstances and at blue nile's sole discretion, site users or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. blue nile may also at its sole discretion limit access to this site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. if you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on the site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify blue nile by providing the following information (as required by the online copyright infringement liability limitation act of the digital millennium copyright act, 17 u.s.c. § 512) to service@bluenile.com. •	a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; •	a description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; •	identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit blue nile to locate the material; •	information reasonably sufficient to permit blue nile to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; •	a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and •	a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. inquiries that do not comply with all of the requirements of 17 u.s.c. § 512 may not be effective. please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the site is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under 17 u.s.c. § 512(f). third party contentblue nile may provide links to web pages and content of third parties ('third party content') as a service to those interested in this information. blue nile does not monitor or have any control over any third party content or third party sites. blue nile does not endorse any third party content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. blue nile does not represent or warrant the accuracy of any information contained therein, and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any third party content. users use these links and third party content contained therein at their own risk. advertisements and promotionsblue nile may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on our site. your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than blue nile, and any terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party. blue nile is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such non-blue nile advertisers on our site. submissionsyou acknowledge and agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information, regarding this site, blue nile, or our products or services that are provided by you to blue nile are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of blue nile. blue nile will own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.you grant blue nile and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. you represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the content that you submit, or that you otherwise have the right to submit such content to this site; (b) the content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the content you supply will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity. product reviews and user contentour site includes a product review feature, and includes or may include in the future discussion forums, user generated content, or other areas or services in which you or third parties create, post, or store any content, messages, materials or other items on our site ('interactive areas'). you are solely responsible for your use of such interactive areas and use them at your own risk. by using any interactive areas, you agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through our site any of the following: 1.	any message, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, video, graphics, code or other material ('user content') that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable; 2.	user content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the u.s. securities and exchange commission or any rules of a securities exchange such as the new york stock exchange, the american stock exchange or the nasdaq; 3.	user content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. by posting any user content, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such user content; 4.	user content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity; 5.	unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising, or solicitations; 6.	private information of any third party, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security numbers, and credit card numbers; 7.	viruses, corrupted data, or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files; and 8.	user content that, in the sole judgment of blue nile, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the interactive areas or our site, or which may expose blue nile or its users to any harm or liability of any type.blue nile takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any user content posted, stored, or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is blue nile liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. your use of interactive areas is at your own risk. as a provider of interactive services, blue nile is not liable for any statements, representations, or user content provided by its users in any public forum, personal home page, or other interactive area.although blue nile has no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor any of the content posted in any interactive area, blue nile reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen, or edit any user content posted or stored on our site at any time and for any reason without notice, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any user content you post or store on our site at your sole cost and expense.any use of the interactive areas or other portions of our site in violation of the foregoing violates these terms and conditions and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the interactive areas and/or our site. in order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas, or court orders, to protect blue nile's systems and customers, or to ensure the integrity and operation of blue nile's business and systems, blue nile may access and disclose any information it considers necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, user profile information (i.e. name, e-mail address, etc.), ip addressing and traffic information, usage history, and posted user content. blue nile's right to disclose any such information shall govern over any terms of blue nile's privacy policy. if you post user content to our site, unless we indicate otherwise, you grant blue nile and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such user content throughout the world in any media. you grant blue nile and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. you represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the user content that you post or you otherwise have the right to post such user content to our site; (b) the user content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the user content you supply does not violate these terms and conditions and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity. sms terms and conditionsby signing up for blue nile’s shipping status notifications text messages, you agree to receive periodic transactional text messages from blue nile. these messages are intended to update you about the status of your order, and will be sent after you have made a purchase when that order status has changed. this is a standard rate sms/mms program and message and data rates may apply. carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. you may receive help or more information by texting help to the five-digit short code from which you received a message, or contacting blue nile’s customer service at service@bluenile.com or 1-800-242-2728. to opt-out, text stop to the five-digit short code from which you received a message. after opting out, you will receive a one-time confirmatory text message acknowledging that you have been opted out of receiving further text messages. indemnificationyou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless blue nile, its independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to any content you post, store or otherwise transmit on or through our site or your use of or inability to use our site, including without limitation any actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made against blue nile and/or its independent contractors, service providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or relating to the content, your conduct, your violation of these terms and conditions or your violation of the rights of any third party.disclaimer of warrantyexcept as expressly provided to the contrary in a writing by blue nile, this site, the content contained therein and the products and services provided on or in connection therewith (the "products and services") are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. blue nile disclaims all other warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement as to the information, content, and materials in our site. blue nile does not represent or warrant that materials in our site or the services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. blue nile does not represent or warrant that our site or its servers are free of viruses or other harmful components. limitation of liabilityin no event shall blue nile, its directors, members, employees or agents be liable for any direct, special, indirect, or consequential damages, or any other damages of any kind, including but not limited to loss of use, loss of profits, or loss of data, whether in an action in contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence) or otherwise, arising out of or in any way connected with the use of our site, the products and services, or the content contained in or accessed through our site, including without limitation any damages cased by or resulting from reliance by user on any information obtained from blue nile, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to blue nile's records, programs or services. applicable law and venuethese terms and conditions and your use of this site will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of washington, applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the state of washington, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. you agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in king county, washington and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of your use of this site, any purchase from this site, or these terms and conditions. modification and noticeyou agree that blue nile may modify these terms and conditions and any other policies on our site at any time and that posting the modified terms and conditions or policies on our site will constitute sufficient notice of such modification. terminationnotwithstanding any of these terms and conditions, blue nile reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use this site, and to block or prevent future your access to and use of the site. severabilityif any provision of these terms and conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. questions & contact informationif you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact one of our diamond and jewelry experts at service@bluenile.com or 1-800-242-2728. these terms and conditions do not apply to content provided by the jewelers mutual insurance group. terms and conditions updated on september 15th, 2020.  customer carelive chat1-800-242-2728email uscontact usfaqreturnswhy blue nilereturns are freeconflict free diamondsdiamond price matchingdiamond upgrade programfree lifetime warrantyfree secure shippingfree boxes & gift cardsblue nile credit cardjewelry insurancetax & duty calculatorabout blue nilequality & valuereviewsdiamond sustainabilityblue nile bloglocationscareers join the blue nile - listget exclusive offers and newssign upfacebookinstagramtwitterpinterest© 2025 blue nile inc.terms & conditionsprivacy policysite mapaccessibilitydo not sell my personal informationcookies policy