来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231210536/https://www.bluenile.com/engagement-rings
================================================================================

engagement rings | blue nile you need to enable javascript to run this app. season's savings | up to 50% off holiday gifts > details1-800-242-2728storesvirtual appointmentdiamondsshop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquise astor by blue nile™ colored diamonds lab grown diamondsbuild your own jewelry ring earrings pendantlearn about how shape affects price learn about the 4cs ethically sourced diamond sustainabilityservice & value blue nile credit card diamond price match diamond upgrade programview all diamondsview all diamondsengagement ringsbuild your own ring start with a natural diamond start with a lab grown diamond start with a setting ready to ship ringsshop diamonds by shape round princess cushion oval emerald pear asscher heart radiant marquiseengagement rings styles solitaire halo vintage sidestone three-stone designer rose gold unique gemstone men’s engagementdesigners rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ find your ring size top engagement ringsview all engagement stylesview all engagement styleswedding ringswomen's rings diamonds platinum rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 ringsmen's rings platinum tungsten titanium rose gold yellow gold white gold top 10 ringsdesigners rings zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™diamond essentials anniversary rings eternity ringsdiamond essentials anniversary rings eternity ringsview all wedding ringsview all wedding ringsjewelrydiamond essentials diamond eternity rings diamond anniversary rings diamond stud earrings diamond tennis bracelets diamond pendant necklaces diamond hoop earrings diamond tennis necklacesearrings design your own earrings diamond earrings gemstone earrings pearl earrings gold earringsbracelets diamond bracelets gemstone bracelets pearl bracelets gold bracelets silver bracelets bangle braceletsnecklaces design your own pendant diamond necklaces gemstone necklaces pearl necklaces gold necklaces silver necklaces cross necklaces cuban chainsrings diamond rings gemstone rings wedding rings engagement rings gold rings fashion rings promise ringsjewelry lab grown diamond jewelry men's jewelry birthstone jewelry pearl jewelry rose gold jewelry new arrivals jewelry sale under $100designer jewelry astor by blue nile™ zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ eclipse collectionview all jewelrydesigner jewelry astor by blue nile™ zac zac posen bella vaughan blue nile studio the gallery collection™ eclipse collectionview all jewelrygiftsbirthstone jewelry jan | garnet feb | amethyst mar | aquamarine apr | diamond may | emerald jun | pearl jul | ruby aug | peridot sep | sapphire oct | opal nov | citrine dec | topaztop gift ideas earrings necklaces bracelets diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry gifts for her gifts under $500gifts by occasion anniversary graduation wedding party gifts bridal jewelryview all giftsview all giftsgemstonesshop gemstone by color blue sapphire pink sapphire yellow sapphire green sapphire red ruby green emeraldbuild your own jewelry ring earrings pendantlearn about birthstones gemstone characteristics gemstone buying guidegemstone jewelry gemstone rings gemstone earrings gemstone necklaces gemstone braceletsview all gemstonesview all gemstoneseducationlearn about diamonds learn about the 4cs cut color clarity carat astor by blue nile™️ diamond sustainability conflict- free diamonds diamond upgrade program shape price comparison lab grown diamondslearn about jewelry metal education engagement ring guide wedding ring guide gemstone guide birthstone guide find your ring sizeservice & value free returns blue nile credit card jewelry insurance blue nile blogview all educationview all educationhome / engagement ringsyour journey begins hereengagement ringscelebrate your love story with a handcrafted engagement ring. shop our collection of gold, platinum, gemstone, and ethical diamond engagement rings for women, men and everyone looking to brilliantly showcase their commitment. easily buy high-quality engagement rings online with settings for any budget and style. we'll help you make your moment. shop diamonds shop settingsshop engagement rings from completed designs to custom engagement rings, we have the perfect ring to help you pop the question. explore some of our most popular styles below.solitairehalovintagesidestonethree-stonelab grown diamondsa new path to brillianceour lab grown diamonds are made with care and graded for excellence—a perfect choice for your engagement ring.shop lab grownour engagement ring picksour experts have selected a few trending styles, and some bonafide classics, to consider for your own custom engagement ring.halo engagement rings3-stone engagement ringssolitaire  engagement ringsthe ultimate love letteran astor diamond engagement ring is simply peerless. celebrate your love with our benchmark for brilliance.design your astor ringdesigner engagement ringsshowcase your promise of forever with one of our popular designer styles. these engagement rings for women feature handcrafted details and everlasting quality. zac posenfrom modern engagement rings to vintage-inspired designs, our zac zac posen collection features a wide range of settings and styles. bella vaughanglamorous designs, halo settings and diamond details make bella vaughan designer engagement rings a leading choice for standout style.blue nile studioour in-house blue nile studio women’s engagement rings have been designed to highlight virtually any diamond or gemstone shape. our engagement ring experts on speed dialwhether you want help finding the right engagement ring style, have a question about fit or need help choosing the perfect diamond, our experts are here 24/7 to help.consult  design your own engagement ringbring your love to life with a handcrafted design that perfectly suits your relationship, budget and style. our expert artisans will pour their passion into every detail of your beautiful custom engagement ring. shop settingsshop diamondsengagement ring buying tipsthere are several things to keep in mind when you’re shopping for an engagement ring. it's important to know your partner’s style, their ring size and the 4cs of diamonds. many people think they need to spend three months of their salary on an engagement ring, but this is not a real rule. instead, you should focus on choosing a ring that best fits your partner and your budget. our experts have put together additional tips to help you choose the perfect ring.diamond shapesexpert tipsfree ring sizerlegendary service, 30-day returns & morewe're here 24/7 at your convenience with secure deliveries, 30-day returns and our famous diamond price-match guarantee.extended returnsany customer who makes a purchase from november 13th through december 10th will be eligible to return their order until january 10th, 2025. consultengagement ring style guideat blue nile, we’ve made it easy to find the perfect engagement ring online. we carry a wide range of styles, sizes and customizable engagement rings for any budget. whether you’d like to design your own solitaire ring, pick a preset halo design or choose the exact gemstone for your ring, our online engagement ring catalog has your fit. you can shop by price, material, best sellers, style, and more. learn more about some of our most popular engagement ring types below. solitairetimeless and traditional, a diamond solitaire engagement ring highlights your center stone in classic style.haloframe your center stone with a sparkling single or double diamond halo, including designs with fancy shapes.vintage - inspireda vintage-inspired engagement ring gives you heirloom-looks with custom details from milgrain to hand-engraving.sapphire sidestonebold sapphires and sparkling diamonds make great friends. it's no surprise sapphire sidestone rings are so popular.diamond sidestonediamond sidestones add extra sparkle, and come in stunning options like delicate pavé and tapered baguettes.gemstone ringswhen you're looking for a unique option, a gemstone engagement ring adds a beautiful pop of color to your style.three-stonea three-stone engagement ring features two diamond or gemstone sidestones that frame your center stone.pave settingscrafted with petite diamond accents to add brilliance to your band or extra sparkle to your halo engagement ring setting.explore engagement ringswe offer a wide range of preset and custom engagement rings for any budget and style. when you’re ready to buy an engagement ring, you can choose the perfect diamond or gemstone for your ring with natural and lab grown diamonds that perfectly fit many of our ring settings. popular diamond shapes for our engagement rings include round, princess, cushion, oval, emerald, pear, asscher, heart, radiant and marquise. our experts can help you choose the perfect feature or center stone for your custom engagement ring, making it simple to find the perfect ring for popping the question. browse some of our most popular rings to start your engagement ring shopping.handcrafted for youour highly skilled artisans exceed industry standards with sparkling certified diamonds, the finest-quality materials and outstanding engagement ring design at an amazing value.about blue nilefrequently asked questions about engagement ringswelcome to the blue nile engagement ring faq, featuring everything you need to know to maximize sparkle—and your budget. as the largest online retailer of certified diamonds and fine jewelry, we can say with confidence that you’ve come to the right place to buy an engagement ring. our selection, quality and expertise are unsurpassed. we’re here to help you find or design an engagement ring that reflects your intentions, your budget, your relationship, and basically everything and anything that matters most to you.how many carats should an engagement ring be?diamond carat refers to the weight of a diamond, though there is a widely understood link between a diamond’s carat weight and its size. you can refer to our diamond carat size chart to learn more about the general carat weight and size correlations for the most popular diamond shapes. a classic diamond engagement ring with one elegant center stone often weighs about one carat, while a slightly larger, two-carat diamond is also a popular weight. but there is no "right" size for a diamond or gemstone engagement ring. the best engagement ring carat size depends on your budget and the wearer’s unique personal style.we offer a wide variety of natural and lab created diamond rings, making it easy to find the perfect fit for your special someone. how much should i spend on an engagement ring?the amount you spend on an engagement ring is a personal choice that should take your finances and priorities into account. beautiful men’s and women’s engagement rings are available for a range of budgets, and our experts are happy to help you find the best value at a price you're comfortable with. what should i know before buying an engagement ring?when shopping for a gemstone or diamond engagement ring, keep in mind that the shape and cut of a stone are more important than its size. understanding the 4cs of diamonds and the details about gemstone qualities can help you create the perfect ring for your partner. even more important is the wearer's personal style and lifestyle. choose a gemstone or diamond ring that fits the wearer’s personality, whether that's a pink cushion diamond in a vintage gold setting, a lab grown diamond ring or a classic round diamond in a sleek and modern platinum setting. and if the wearer is very active, choose an engagement ring with a low profile. what are the benefits of buying an engagement ring online?in 1999, we revolutionized the process of buying an engagement ring by making it easy to find the perfect ring online. today, “i do” starts by shopping for gemstone and diamond rings online. with endless selection, easy customization, and low-pressure browsing, our collection is your destination for finding the right ring. when you browse our catalog of engagement rings online, you can shop without worry. you can sort our handcrafted gem and diamond rings by metal type, price, popularity, diamond shape, and more. if you have any questions during your engagement ring journey, our experts are available to help. with fast and free shipping, discreet packaging, free returns, and exceptional warranties, it’s easy to buy a high-quality engagement ring online without worry. what's the difference between an engagement ring and a wedding ring?traditionally, an engagement ring is what’s presented during a marriage proposal and a wedding ring is what partners give to each other during the wedding ceremony. it’s also common for an engagement ring to be more ornate than a wedding ring. one of our best-selling combinations is a round diamond solitaire engagement ring paired with a diamond pavé wedding band. on the flip side, we have many customers who love to turn tradition on its head: some customers forgo the engagement ring altogether and choose matching bands. other couples double up on sparkle, with stacking rings that bookend the engagement ring. some couples take an updated approach, choosing lab grown engagement rings for a different pairing. what are certified engagement rings?we offer engagement rings accompanied by diamond grading reports that attest to the center diamond’s 4cs and any additional qualities of note. the most popular diamond grading institutions are gia and igi, offering unbiased reports about the main stones in diamond engagement rings. enjoy true peace of mind during your engagement ring shopping journey by choosing our rings with certified diamonds. what are the different diamond shapes for engagement rings?diamonds for engagement rings and other jewelry come in round and fancy shapes. with nearly 60 facets to reflect light, round-cut diamonds have unsurpassed brilliance. each of the fancy shapes—princess, emerald, asscher, marquise, oval, radiant, pear, heart and cushion—is beloved for its own, distinctive look and style. there is no single best diamond shape for an engagement ring—choose the shape that speaks to your heart.what metals are used in engagement rings?a popular engagement ring metal among blue nile customers is definitely platinum (or white gold for people who want a platinum-look at a lower cost). over the last few years, however, rose gold engagement rings are a fast-rising trend. rose gold was often used in settings in the late nineteenth century, and is appreciated today for its naturally romantic appeal that particularly suits rings with vintage-inspired styles. most recently, yellow gold engagement rings are capturing the attention of people who appreciate the way this metal’s beautiful warm glow complements engagement ring settings with colored gemstones.what are the 4cs?the 4cs are the four main quality factors that determine the value of a diamond: color, cut, clarity and carat. the sparkle of a diamond comes from its cut and symmetry, while the carat size determines how big it will look on the wearer's finger. use the 4cs to help guide your engagement ring choice, but—as always—the "right" ring is the one that reaches out to you, whether or not it's deemed a "perfect" stone by experts. how do i find the right ring size?you can find out how to measure ring size at home using household items with our guide. you can also request a free plastic ring sizer through our website. when measuring a ring size, do so at the end of the day when the fingers are warm. don’t forget to measure a few times for accuracy.how do i find a ring that matches my partner’s style?there are several ways to find an engagement ring style that matches your partner’s jewelry tastes. their existing jewelry can tell you a lot about their preferences in terms of metals, styles and even sizing. discreetly asking a trusted friend or family member can also help you determine your partner’s engagement ring stylewhat kinds of engagement ring styles are popular today?popular styles include engagement rings for women that feature a prominent center stone such as solitaire and halo rings. pavé, twist band and milgrain designs are also in-demand styles. lab created diamond engagement rings are also growing in popularity. many of today’s emerging women’s engagement ring trends feature non-traditional takes on this symbolic jewelry style. this includes two-stone engagement rings, hidden halo rings and creative unique engagement ring settings.   how much does the average person spend on an engagement ring?there is no set rule for how much to spend on an engagement ring. you should focus on purchasing a ring that fits your partner and your budget. our top engagement rings can help you see what options are most popular.who traditionally wears an engagement ring?traditionally, engagement rings are worn by the person that has been proposed to. today, some couples are choosing to shake things up with the partner who popped the question sporting an engagement ring as well. with our wide selection of women’s and men’s engagement rings, it’s easy to choose any approach that works best for you and your partner. engagement rings are worn on their own until the wedding ceremony when they are then paired with a wedding ring. they can also be worn with anniversary rings.  who buys the engagement ring?engagement rings are traditionally purchased by the partner who is proposing. but today, many couples are choosing to purchase their engagement ring or rings in a way that works best for them. some women prefer to purchase their own engagement rings or to work with their partner on choosing rings together. ultimately, it is up to you and your partner to determine which engagement ring buying approach is best. where can i hide the engagement ring before proposing?if you’re keeping your engagement ring a surprise, there are many ways to keep it hidden until you propose. at home, engagement rings can be hidden in areas where your partner doesn’t often look. this may be up high, in a sock drawer or in other areas they may not visit frequently. some people opt to hide their engagement ring in a safety deposit box or at a trusted friend or family member’s house. what are some romantic proposal ideas?visit our blog for romantic, creative and memorable proposal ideas.does blue nile sell lab created diamond rings?at blue nile, we offer stunning lab created diamond rings in popular engagement styles. choose from lab made diamonds or natural diamonds for the perfect engagement ring. learn more about how lab diamonds are made, how lab diamonds compare to natural diamonds and how lab diamonds compare to moissanite.are there any extra considerations when buying lab grown engagement rings?if you’re considering a lab grown engagement ring for your partner, we make it easy to find the best fit. lab created diamonds are the same as natural diamonds in terms of optical performance, chemical composition and durability. because of these similarities, many lab made diamond rings are accompanied by reporting for the gem’s 4cs. just as with natural diamonds, you should consider the cut, carat, color and clarity of any lab created diamond engagement ring.how can i make a ring more affordable?whether you’re choosing earth created or lab grown diamond rings, there are many ways to stay within your budget. options such as white gold, fancy-shaped diamonds or lab created gems are popular choices for creating a stunning ring that’s more budget-friendly.are lab diamonds good for engagement rings?recent advancements in diamond growing processes make engagement rings with lab created diamonds a great choice for many styles. we offer a large selection of earth created and lab grown diamond rings. the choice of lab versus natural diamonds comes down to personal preference as both types of gems make excellent options for any engagement ring.can an engagement ring be upgraded in the future?with our diamond upgrade program, it’s easy to switch out an engagement ring’s diamond if you’d like to do so in the future. you can review the program details to learn more about which diamonds are eligible for this service. do engagement rings have to feature a main diamond or gemstone?women’s engagement rings with a center diamond or gemstone are the most classic design, but there are many rings available with different looks. two-stone, three-stone and five-stone engagement rings, for example, feature more than one stone and often share brilliance between multiple similarly-sized gems. other rings, like cluster engagement rings, can create a unique look with gems of varying carats and shapes rather than one focal diamond or gemstone. how quickly can i get an engagement ring?we offer fast shipping on our engagement rings. should you need your ring in a hurry, consider our ready to ship engagement rings. explore engagement rings by category shop by styleantique-inspired ringsclassic ringsfloral ringshalo ringspetite ringssimple ringssolitaire ringsunique ringsvintage-inspired ringsshop by settingcathedral settingcomfort fit settingeast west settingfour prong settingsix prong settingsquare settingshop by accentchannel set ringsdiamond sidestone ringsengravable ringseternity ringsinfinity ringsmilgrain ringspavé engagement ringssapphire sidestone ringsthree-stone ringsshop by metalgold settingplatinum settingrose gold settingwhite gold settingyellow gold settingshop by gemstoneshop all gemstone ringsamethyst engagement ringsaquamarine engagement ringsdiamond engagement ringsemerald engagement ringsgarnet engagement ringsmorganite engagement ringsshop more gemstonesmoonstone engagement ringsopal engagement ringspink sapphire engagement ringsruby engagement ringssapphire engagement ringstanzanite engagement ringstopaz engagement ringsshop by budgetengagement rings under $500engagement rings under $1,000engagement rings under $2,000affordable engagement ringsshop by sizesmall engagement ringslarge engagement ringssize 3 engagement ringssize 9 engagement ringsshop by collectionmen's engagement ringshas matching wedding bandfind matching bandshop by designershop all designersbella vaughanblue nile studiozac posendesign your owndesign your own diamond engagement ringdesign your own three stone engagement ringdesign your own five stone engagement ringready to shipready-to-ship diamond ringsready-to-ship gemstone ringscustomer carelive chat1-800-242-2728email uscontact usfaqreturnswhy blue nilereturns are freeconflict free diamondsdiamond price matchingdiamond upgrade programfree lifetime warrantyfree secure shippingfree boxes & gift cardsblue nile credit cardjewelry insuranceabout blue nilequality & valuereviewsdiamond sustainabilityblue nile bloglocationscareers join the blue nile - listget exclusive offers and newssign upfacebookinstagramtwitterpinterest© 2024 blue nile inc.terms & conditionsprivacy policysite mapaccessibilitydo not sell my personal informationcookies policy