来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191220234004/https://us.memebox.com/pages/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy – memebox us skip to content i dew care categories all products cleansers eye care lips masks moisturizers tools & accessories treatments collections ice cream collection magic kitten collection vitamin collection yogi kitten collection nooni categories all products cleansers lips tools & accessories treatments collections apple water collection snowflake collection kaja categories all products cheeks eyes face lips collections piña colada collection bento collection stamp collection mochi collection heart collection i'm meme categories all products lips face eyes tools & accessories collections i'm bare collection i'm multi collection i'm mystery collection i'm tic toc collection pony effect categories all products lips face eyes tools & accessories collections coverstay collection powder collection about us our company about mbx brand ambassador program wholesale & retail help & support contact us faq terms of use privacy policy deals of the week account cart your cart is empty i dew carei dew care categories all products cleansers eye care lips masks moisturizers tools & accessories treatments collections ice cream collection magic kitten collection vitamin collection yogi kitten collection peel litexfoliating treatment pads glow-keybrightening eye cream nooninooni categories all products cleansers lips tools & accessories treatments collections apple water collection snowflake collection gentle liquid hand soaphand & cuticle care lip oil collectionmoisturizing lip care kajakaja categories all products cheeks eyes face lips collections piña colada collection bento collection stamp collection mochi collection heart collection mist meultra-fine hydrating face mist beauty bentomatte & shimmer eyeshadow trio i'm memei'm meme categories all products lips face eyes tools & accessories collections i'm bare collection i'm multi collection i'm mystery collection i'm tic toc collection pep!balmlip & cheek color balm tic toc satinheart-shaped lipstick pony effectpony effect categories all products lips face eyes tools & accessories collections coverstay collection powder collection pebble blenderunique edge-cut cosmetic sponge mini makeup brush set5 must-have travel brushes about usabout us our company about mbx brand ambassador program wholesale & retail help & support contact us faq terms of use privacy policy stay up-to-date deals of the weekdeals of the week privacy policy privacy policy last updated: 23rd april 2020 this website or mobile application (“site”) is owned and operated by memebox corporation (“memebox”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). memebox takes your privacy seriously. this privacy policy describes what information this site gathers about you, how we use that information, and what steps we take to protect that information. by using this site, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy as well as the site’s terms of use. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time for any reason and without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended privacy policy on this site. please check back periodically for up-to-date information about our privacy practices. currently, the european union residents are not allowed to use site. if you are a resident of the european union, please do not use and/or sign up for site. 1. information collection. this site collects information about you to provide and improve our services, communicate offers that we believe will interest you, and to administer our business. information you provide to us we collect personal information from you when you submit that information to us voluntarily. for example, we collect information from you when you sign up for our newsletter. the personal information we collect may include the following: name, email address, and state. collecting this information allows us to provide personalized interactions. we may also ask you to provide other information, such as demographic information (gender, age) or about your product preferences and interests. information on third party sources this site may include links to websites/applications that are owned or operated by third parties. this privacy policy does not cover information that you submit on other websites/applications, even if we communicate with you on those sites. for example, if you post something on facebook, twitter, or youtube, that information is governed by the privacy policies on those websites, and is not governed by this policy. we may collect information about you from third parties. such information may include demographic data (such as age and gender) and purchase preference information. we may use this information to supplement or update our records, improve the quality or personalization of our communications to you, and help prevent or detect fraud. automated information collection we automatically receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our site, our emails, and/or our online advertisements. this information helps us to make our site work more efficiently, evaluate use of our site, and support our website analytics and marketing campaigns. here are some of the types of information we may automatically receive:technical information like your internet protocol (ip) address, your device operating system and browser type, your referring website's address, and your clickstream through our site. cookies like most other websites, our site uses cookies. cookies are small data files that identify the web browser on a particular computer. when you visit memebox.com, cookies will be sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. cookies help us recognize your device and provide more customized services. for instance, we use cookies to analyze the frequency and duration of visits, traffic statistics from members and non-members, customer preferences, interests in promotions, etc. we may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests. the information we gather using cookies enables us to improve your experience with memebox through targeted marketing and customization features. you can choose to reject our cookies by changing your browser preferences. if you choose to block our cookies, however, you will not be able to benefit from some of our services including personalization. if you disable, block, or delete cookies, not all of the tracking described in this privacy policy will stop. interest-based advertising we collect personal information about users over time and across different websites when you use this site. we also have third parties that collect personal information this way. for example, we may use one or more third-party online advertising networks to serve ads on our behalf on third party websites. the third-party ad network may collect information about your visits to our site and your interaction with our online ads. for example, it may keep track of how many of our ads you saw before visiting our site. this is primarily accomplished using technology such as cookies, action tags, web beacons, and/or gif tags which are placed in various places within our site and our online ads. we may share information with third-party ad networks in an aggregate form to help us analyze and improve our site and our online ads. the third-party ad networks may use information about your visit to our site and other websites in order to provide you with ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you. for example, if you browse for information about mascara products on our site or on third party websites, we or the online ad network may show you ads for mascara products. if you would like more information about this practice or the process of opting out of online ad networks, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. if you opt-out of interest-based ads, you will still see ads on websites you visit, but those ads will not be based on your browsing behavior. some browsers have a 'do not track' feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. these features are not yet uniform, so our site is not currently designed to respond to those signals.you can opt-out of some, but not all behavioral based advertising by using your browser settings to block cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. mobile applications and website when you use our mobile website, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device. this information may include the type of mobile device you use, the temporary or persistent unique device identifier (udid) placed by us or our service providers, the unique identifier assigned by memebox to your device, the ip address of your device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile web browser you use, and data from the way you use our mobile website. our mobile website may also collect information about the location of your device. your device should require you to provide permission before our mobile website obtains location information from technologies like gps, wi-fi, and/or cell towers. we and our service providers may use this information, along with other information submitted by you, to provide you with location-based services like local store information, search results, special offers, and other personalized content. most mobile devices allow users to disable location services by using controls located in the device's settings menu. if you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, please contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer. social media widgets and single sign-on services this site uses third party social media widgets such as buttons or similar mechanisms from facebook, twitter, instagram, pinterest, and google. such third party features may collect information about you, like your ip address and the page(s) you visit on the site. they may also place cookies on your device. these social media widgets are either hosted by a third party or by our site. your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the third party social media networks that provide them. children under 13 years of age this site is directed to adults, and does not knowingly collect personal information online from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent and if we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 13 on the site, we will delete the information from our records. if you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13, and you believe your child has provided personal information to our site that you would like us to delete, please contact us. also, if you are under the age of 13, you must not submit personal information to us. 2. information use, disclosure, and sharing. the information we collect on this site may be used to fulfill your requests (such as responses to email questions and product orders), to support our core business functions (such as order fulfillment, internal business process management, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, and public safety functions), and to communicate with you. you can sign up for our email list by providing your email address through our site services. to accomplish these purposes, we may combine information about you that we collect online, via mobile applications, and from third party sources. we may also transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies that are located outside of the united states, including, but not limited to, the republic of korea. by using the site, you consent to us transferring your data to these countries. please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and so laws and regulations relating to privacy and data disclosure, applicable to the places where your information is transferred to or stored, used or processed in, may be different from the laws and regulations applicable to the place where you are a resident. we may make third party services, including third party applications, available to you on this site. we use third party payment service providers (stripe, paypal) to process your purchases. we do not store or have access to your full credit card information or bank account information. all such information is stored by such third party payment service provider. we may disclose your personal information to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages via the site. you may also disclose your own personal information on interactive services such as message boards, product reviews, question-and-answer pages, profile pages, and social network features offered by us or by third parties. information you post or disclose through such interactive services may be available to the general public. please exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose your personal information, location, or similar information via this site. we may disclose the information we collect about you (including personally identifiable information) to third parties to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and/or governmental requests. we may also disclose such information to verify or enforce compliance with our terms of use and this privacy policy, to process and fill your order, reduce credit risk, protect against fraud, protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our site, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires such disclosure. we may also disclose such information to a successor entity in connection with a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change affecting the site. 3. public forums. please remember that any information you may disclose in public areas of our site or the internet becomes public information. you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public areas. 4. contacting us. if you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, please contact us. 5. opting out. if you would like to stop receiving promotions, updates and/or special offers at any time, you may email us at hi@memebox.com with a statement requesting that you wish to opt out of memebox email promotions, updates and special offers. please allow sufficient time for your request to be processed. it may take up to 10 days to process an email opt-out request, and 4-6 weeks for other requests. please be aware that, even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional purposes. for example, we may contact you for order fulfillment purposes, customer service purposes, appointment reminders, or product recalls. 6. your california privacy rights. if you are a california resident and a memebox customer, under california civil code sections 1798.83-1798.84, you have the right to request information from us once per calendar year regarding the customer information we share with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. to request this information, please send an email to privacy_us@memebox.com with 'request for california privacy information' in the subject line and in the body of your message or by sending a letter to memebox corp. 965 mission st., ste 180, san francisco, ca 94103 (attn: legal department). we will provide the requested information to you via an email response. please allow 30 days for our response. please be informed that we are required to respond to only one request per customer each year, and not to respond to requests made by means other than via this email or mail address. also, if you are a california resident under 18 years old and a registered user of the site, you can request us that content or information that you have posted to our site be removed. please however be informed that responding to your request may not ensure complete or thorough removal from our site (e.g., due to any reposting of content or information). to request removal of content or information, please contact us at the email or mail address above. you can also submit your requests here : ccpa , gdpr about mbx mbx (formerly memebox) is a global multi-brand beauty and personal care startup. we are the proud creators of the k-beauty brands: i dew care, nooni, kaja, i’m meme, and pony effect. our brands i dew care nooni kaja i'm meme pony effect help & support faq contact us terms of use privacy policy stay up-to-date sign up with your email address to receive news and exclusive deals. © memebox us