来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221228095624/https://us.memebox.com/pages/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy – memebox kaja i dew care i'm meme all products eyes face lips tools & accessories pony effect all products eyes face lips tools & accessories nooni all products face hands lips tools shop our sets about us our company about mbx meet the founder brand ambassador program help & support contact us faq terms of use privacy policy shipping & returns wholesale & retail partnerships log in search contact orders@memebox.com free shipping on orders over $35+ menu search cart kaja i dew care i'm meme all products eyes face lips tools & accessories pony effect all products eyes face lips tools & accessories nooni all products face hands lips tools shop our sets about us our company about mbx meet the founder brand ambassador program help & support contact us faq terms of use privacy policy shipping & returns wholesale & retail partnerships log in cart (0) search privacy policy last updated: april 1, 2021 this website or mobile application (“site”) is owned and operated by memebox corporation (d.b.a. mbx, “mbx”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). mbx takes your privacy seriously. this privacy policy describes what information this site gathers about you, how we use that information, and what steps we take to protect that information. by using this site, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy as well as the site’s terms of use. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time for any reason and without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended privacy policy on this site. please check back periodically for up-to-date information about our privacy practices. currently, the european union residents are not allowed to use site. if you are a resident of the european union, please do not use and/or sign up for site. 1. information collection. this site collects information about you to provide and improve our services, communicate offers that we believe will interest you, and to administer our business. information you provide to us we collect personal information from you when you submit that information to us voluntarily. for example, we collect information from you when you sign up for our newsletter, place an order on the site, create an account on the site; participate in our rewards program; communicate with our customer service team online; participate in an mbx promotion, such as sweepstakes or contest; post a tagged photo or other content on a third party social network in response to our requests; or post a product review, question, answer, or other information on the site. the personal information we collect may include the following: name, email address, shipping/billing address, phone number, payment information such as credit card information. collecting this information allows us to complete your order efficiently, to notify you of your order status, and provide personalized interactions. we may also ask you to provide other information, such as demographic information (gender, age) or about your product preferences and interests. if you register at this site, enter a promotion, opt-in to receive emails, newsletters or other offers or communications, we collect and store the information provided. you can choose not to provide certain information, but you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features including customization and communication. information on third party sources this site may include links to websites/applications that are owned or operated by third parties. this privacy policy does not cover information that you submit on other websites/applications, even if we communicate with you on those sites. for example, if you post something on facebook, twitter, or youtube, that information is governed by the privacy policies on those websites, and is not governed by this policy. we may collect information about you from third parties. such information may include demographic data (such as age and gender) and purchase preference information. we may use this information to supplement or update our records, improve the quality or personalization of our communications to you, and help prevent or detect fraud. automated information collection we automatically receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our site, our emails, and/or our online advertisements. this information helps us to make our site work more efficiently, evaluate use of our site, and support our website analytics and marketing campaigns. here are some of the types of information we may automatically receive: technical information like your internet protocol (ip) address, your device operating system and browser type, your referring website's address, and your clickstream through our site. cookies like most other websites, our site uses cookies. cookies are small data files that identify the web browser on a particular computer. when you visit memebox.com, cookies will be sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. the cookies used on this website are as follows: strictly required cookies - these cookies are required for the website to run and cannot be switched off. such cookies are only set in response to actions made by you such as language, currency, login session, privacy preferences. you can set your browser to block these cookies but this might affect the way our site is working. analytics and statistics - these cookies allow us to measure visitors traffic and see traffic sources by collecting information in data sets. they also help us understand which products and actions are more popular than others. marketing and retargeting - these cookies are usually set by our marketing and advertising partners. they may be used by them to build a profile of your interest and later show you relevant ads. if you do not allow these cookies you will not experience targeted ads for your interests. functionality cookies - these cookies enable our website to offer additional functions and personal settings. they can be set by us or by third-party service providers that we have placed on our pages. if you do not allow these cookies, these or some of these services may not work properly. cookies help us recognize your device and provide more customized services. for instance, we use cookies to analyze the frequency and duration of visits, traffic statistics from members and non-members, customer preferences, interests in promotions, etc. we may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests. the information we gather using cookies enables us to improve your experience with mbx through targeted marketing and customization features. you can choose to reject our cookies by changing your browser preferences. if you choose to block our cookies, however, you will not be able to benefit from some of our services including personalization. if you disable, block, or delete cookies, not all of the tracking described in this privacy policy will stop. further information on data protection is available at : https://gdpr.apps.isenselabs.com/pages/privacy_policy some of our services may use google analytics to improve the functionality and the experience for you. you can learn more information about google analytics cookies by visiting the following location provided: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage you may opt-out of google analytics by using the opt-out browser add-on, which is available by visiting google analytics opt-out browser add-on, to enable you to opt-out of google’s programs. interest-based advertising we collect personal information about users over time and across different websites when you use this site. we also have third parties that collect personal information this way. for example, we may use one or more third-party online advertising networks to serve ads on our behalf on third party websites. the third-party ad network may collect information about your visits to our site and your interaction with our online ads. for example, it may keep track of how many of our ads you saw before visiting our site. this is primarily accomplished using technology such as cookies, action tags, web beacons, and/or gif tags which are placed in various places within our site and our online ads. we may share information with third-party ad networks in an aggregate form to help us analyze and improve our site and our online ads. the third-party ad networks may use information about your visit to our site and other websites in order to provide you with ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you. for example, if you browse for information about mascara products on our site or on third party websites, we or the online ad network may show you ads for mascara products. if you would like more information about this practice or the process of opting out of online ad networks, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. if you opt-out of interest-based ads, you will still see ads on websites you visit, but those ads will not be based on your browsing behavior. some browsers have a 'do not track' feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. these features are not yet uniform, so our site is not currently designed to respond to those signals. you can opt-out of some, but not all behavioral-based advertising by using your browser settings to block cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. mobile applications and website when you use our mobile website, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device. this information may include the type of mobile device you use, the temporary or persistent unique device identifier (udid) placed by us or our service providers, the unique identifier assigned by mbx to your device, the ip address of your device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile web browser you use, and data from the way you use our mobile website. our mobile website may also collect information about the location of your device. your device should require you to provide permission before our mobile website obtains location information from technologies like gps, wi-fi, and/or cell towers. we and our service providers may use this information, along with other information submitted by you, to provide you with location-based services like local store information, search results, special offers, and other personalized content. most mobile devices allow users to disable location services by using controls located in the device's settings menu. if you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, please contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer. social media widgets and single sign-on services this site may use third party social media widgets such as buttons or similar mechanisms from facebook, twitter, instagram, pinterest, and google. such third party features may collect information about you, like your ip address and the page(s) you visit on the site. they may also place cookies on your device. these social media widgets are either hosted by a third party or by our site. your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the third party social media networks that provide them. children under 13 years of age this site is directed to adults, and does not knowingly collect personal information online from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent and if we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 13 on the site, we will delete the information from our records. if you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13, and you believe your child has provided personal information to our site that you would like us to delete, please contact us. also, if you are under the age of 13, you must not submit personal information to us. 2. information use, disclosure, and sharing. the information we collect on this site may be used to fulfill your requests (such as responses to email questions and product orders), to support our core business functions (such as order fulfillment, internal business process management, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, and public safety functions), and to communicate with you about our product offers and promotions. you can sign up for our email list by providing your email address through our site services. when you provide your e-mail address to us, you may become, as applicable, a member of mbx’s rewards program, so you may receive future discounts, gifts and memebox.com e-mail. when you provide your e-mail address to us, you agree to receive product offers, promotions, newsletter emails on all of the mbx brands, including but not limited to i dew care, nooni, kaja, i’m meme, pony effect, and otzi. text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. your consent to receive autodialed marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. if you have opted in, the service provides updates, alerts, information, promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders) from [insert company name] via text messages through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided. message frequency varies.text the single keyword command stop to [insert your sending number] to cancel at any time. you'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. if you have subscribed to other [company name] mobile message programs and wish to cancel, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. for service support or assistance, text help to [insert your sending number] or email [insert support email address]. we may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the service at any time and will notify you of these changes. you acknowledge that any messages, including any stop or help requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages. to accomplish these purposes, we may combine information about you that we collect online, via mobile applications, and from third party sources. we may also transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies that are located outside of the united states, including, but not limited to, the republic of korea. by using the site, you consent to us transferring your data to these countries. please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and so laws and regulations relating to privacy and data disclosure, applicable to the places where your information is transferred to or stored, used or processed in, may be different from the laws and regulations applicable to the place where you are a resident. we may make third party services, including third party applications, available to you on this site. we use third party payment service providers (stripe, paypal, etc.) to process your purchases. we do not store or have access to your full credit card information or bank account information.  we use third party fulfillment service providers (fba) to process and deliver your orders. all such information is stored by such third party service providers. we may disclose your personal information to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages via the site. you may also disclose your own personal information on interactive services such as message boards, product reviews, question-and-answer pages, profile pages, and social network features offered by us or by third parties. information you post or disclose through such interactive services may be available to the general public. please exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose your personal information, location, or similar information via this site. we may disclose the information we collect about you (including personally identifiable information) to third parties to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and/or governmental requests. we may also disclose such information to verify or enforce compliance with our terms of use and this privacy policy, to process and fill your order, reduce credit risk, protect against fraud, protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our site, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires such disclosure. we may also disclose such information to a successor entity in connection with a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change affecting the site. 3. public forums. please remember that any information you may disclose in public areas of our site or the internet becomes public information. you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public areas. 4. contacting us. if you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, please contact us. 5. opting out. if you would like to stop receiving promotions, updates and/or special offers at any time, you may email us at hi@memebox.com with a statement requesting that you wish to opt out of mbx email promotions, updates and special offers. please allow sufficient time for your request to be processed. it may take up to 10 days to process an email opt-out request, and 4-6 weeks for other requests. please be aware that, even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional purposes. for example, we may contact you for order fulfillment purposes, customer service purposes, appointment reminders, or product recalls. 6. your california privacy rights. if you are a california resident and an mbx customer, under california civil code sections 1798.83-1798.84, you have the right to request information from us once per calendar year regarding the customer information we share with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. to request this information, please send an email to privacy_us@memebox.com with 'request for california privacy information' in the subject line and in the body of your message or by sending a letter to wework c/o hyungseok ha, memebox corp, 1825 s grant st #2, 03-123, san mateo, ca 94402 (attn: legal department). we will provide the requested information to you via an email response. please allow 30 days for our response. please be informed that we are required to respond to only one request per customer each year, and not to respond to requests made by means other than via this email or mail address. also, if you are a california resident under 18 years old and a registered user of the site, you can request us that content or information that you have posted to our site be removed. please however be informed that responding to your request may not ensure complete or thorough removal from our site (e.g., due to any reposting of content or information). to request removal of content or information, please contact us at the email or mail address above. about us contact us shipping and returns policy terms of use terms of service mobile program terms of use user generated content (ugc) terms & conditions ccpa compliance gdpr compliance hi@memebox.com1825 s grant st #2, 03-123, san mateo, ca 94402 american express apple pay diners club discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay venmo visa powered by shopify © 2023, memebox close (esc) popup use this popup to embed a mailing list sign up form. alternatively use it as a simple call to action with a link to a product or a page. subscribe age verification by clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol. enter search search main menu kaja i dew care i'm meme pony effect nooni shop our sets about us shopping cart your cart is currently empty. shop now