来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101222181246/http://www.ameswalker.com/testimonials.html
================================================================================

testimonials 1-877-525-7224home customer support catalog leg health articles our blog contact us search: shop by priceameswalkerames walker size charts / colorssheers / opaques (8-15, 15-20, 20-30)signature sheers collection (20-30, 30-40) (similar to jobst® ultrasheer®)opaque microfiber collection (20-30 mmhg)surgical wgt. hose 20-30surgical wgt. hose 30-40anti-embolism stockingsarmsleeves / gauntletswomen's socks (all compressions)men's garments & sockssupports, bracestravel sockscompression guidehow to properly apply compression stockingsmenmen's garments & socks8-15 compression - light support socks15-20 compression - garments/socks20-30 compression - garments/ socks30-40 compression - garments/ socks30-40, 40-50 compression - men's open toe men's leotard (20-30)womenwomen's socks (all compressions)maternity stylespantyhose (20-30, 30-40) medical weight8-15 compression - sheer/opaque15-20 compression - sheer/opaque20-30 compression - sheer/opaque30-40 compression - sheer/opaque30-40, 40-50 compression - women's open toesignature sheers (20-30, 30-40)maternityames walker maternity styles (15-20, 20-30, 30-40)jobst maternity styles (8-15, 15-20, 20-30)mediven maternity styles (12-16, 16-20, 20-30, 30-40)venosan maternity styles (15-20, 20-30, 30-40) - plus size pantyhosesigvaris maternity styles (15-20)juzo maternity styles (20-30 & 30-40)brandames walker (best value)jobstjuzomediven (medi)sigvaristherafirm support hosieryvenosan hosierydrew, pw minor, orthofeet, aetrexfla orthopedics, activafuturo hosiery and supportswellgate for womenwigwam socksanastasia skin therapymiracle of aloe foot careames walker catalogactivejobst athletic, activewearfla activa® 20-30 mmhg athletic support socks - coolmax® mediven motion sport athletic sock stylevenosan sportsline performance socksperform - cool pain relieving gel and roll onaetrex gel high performance men's aetrex high perfomance runner shoesmen's aetrex athletic walkerswomen's aetrex athletic walkerswomen's aetrex high perfomance runner shoessupports, bracessensitivefeetdiabetic/sensitive feetdrew, pw minor, orthofeet, aetrexaccessoriesdry skin care, pain relief gels / creamstherafirm smartknit sockskidsfootcarefoot and nail care accessoriesdry skin care, pain relief gels / creamsdrew, pw minor, orthofeet, aetrexheaven for toes foot cushion productsaccessorieshosiery mate rinse free washfoot and nail care accessoriesperform - cool pain relieving gel and roll onmediven - medicare stocking accessoriessupports, bracesanastasia skin therapymiracle of aloe foot caresalesigvaris 770 series - ltmd. time 36% off msrp newhosiery mate rinse free washjuzo basic casual socks 15-20, 20-30; 4700, 4701miracle of aloe foot caremediven comfort sigvaris 780 eversheer 20-30mmhg seriesjuzo basic line 4410, 4411, 4412juzo 5070 attractive sheer support 10-15 mmhgwigwam sockstherafirm support hosieryheaven for toes foot cushion productswellgate for womenjobst for men casual socks, 15-20, 20-30, 30-40 home | testimonialstestimonials"these are wonderful socks. i'm very happy with them. excellent customer service & very fast shipping!""thank you for the travel socks. we both love them. what a great product."-pam & john"style 167, aw women's travel socks 15-20. these are wonderful put them on when we boarded the plane in rome took them off in ma and my feet had not swollen a bit. that never happened before.""what's best about ames walker is the customer service. you can count on them for fast shipping, reasonable prices, and, importantly, courteous returns if anything goes wrong, and the result is that i don't buy my compression stockings anywhere else.""i am a first time user of having to wear compression knee hi socks. i thought, oh sure, i'll go ahead and get some. but i'll never wear them. was i wrong!! i love them!! i am about to order more. they are so comfortable. and they make my legs feel so good. i recommend them!!!!!"-yvonne"this is my second major purchase from ames walker. i am a healthcare professional who stands most of the day. i love the compression socks. they're comfortable and they wash easily. no one knows that i'm wearing them unless i tell them.""finding the ames walker store was a great discovery for me. i have a slight varicose vein problem and use compression garments on and off. however, one garment that i couldn't do without is compression athletic socks, as i play volleyball and it is a great strain on the legs. i used to search amazon for great deals on athletic support socks and ended up with prices between 35 and 50 a pair. at ames walker, you can get the aw brand for about 15 dollars. as far as i can tell, the compression effect around the ankle is the same as the pricier brads, while i did notice the fabric lose some of its elasticity and therefore compression properties higher up towards the knee. the aw sock still works for me, as i can see by the condition of my legs after volleyball practice.""the aw brand carriers economic versions of most types of compression hosiery, but the choice is up to you--you can also get the 60 dollar mediven and the 150 dollar sigvaris from them. as for myself, given that my vein condition is very slight, and the fact that i need lots of good athletic socks, i appreciate the opportunity to get budget compression socks from this store, because i think the difference in quality is not too significant.""i have found complete satisfaction with the coolmax over the calf support socks. when my cardiologist suggested support hose for some ankle swelling, i remembered a page i had bookmarked on the internet. support hose for those who are on their feet or walking all day. not only do they give the same compression as the expensive ones found in the drugstore, but they are comfortable in hot weather (i live in az) and provide complete relief from the tired legs you get at the end of a day if you are constantly on your feet. all this, and a price tag less than 1/2 of the drugstore brand and they last longer and are certainly more stylish. now, that bookmark is annotated with the word, more socks. for when i return to buy them again. ames walker gets my recommendation as a quality merchant.""i've placed several orders with this merchant. i always get excellent service and great products!""the best compression stocking on the market; recommended by physicians and vein clinicians. ordering is easy and delivery is fast."-donna miller"what keeps me coming back to ames walker is the customer service. this was a reorder after one set of socks didn't work out for us. the return process was a breeze, and the amount for the earlier order was promptly refunded. i don't buy my support socks from anywhere else."-srinivas gandhi"your customer service at ames walker is terific!!""customer service person raquel was super. her knowledge of the product line was unbelievable."-richard, ohio"i have worn compression panty hose for 13 years since a dvt and post-phlebetic syndrome diagnosis. i wore the hose my doctor prescribed, custom-fit, heavy, seamed, ugly, and hot! i needed some new ones, but absolutely dreaded getting them. i decided to try your ames walker style 33, 20-30 compression. all i can say is "wow!!!" i love the fit, love the sheerness. i seldom wore dresses for years because of how ugly my old 'grandma' hose were. now, i love to wear dresses again, and feel feminine again. thanks, ames walker, again for a great product."- alice rayburg, arcanum, oh"i just want you to know how much i appreciate you people!!!! i just bought socks (style 180) for my diabetic friend and he loves them and his feet and legs feel so much better..he stands at work for 12 hours a day and now he doesn't have the foot pain he had before. he loves his socks. just wanted you to know and wanted to say thank you for being there. life is better now.tell everyone thanks"- lucy robideau"thank you so much, angela, love your stockings - reasonable price and love the color and they stay up so well too (compared to other more expensive i've had) and the friendly prompt service is a plus too. i will continue buying from you as long as i need to wear them. hope you all have a nice 4th of july..."-rosalie"ames walker was a pleasure to deal with. i received immediate delivery, and their product is excellent. i unhesitatingly recommend them."- jack c., ga"my dad loves the socks i bought from ames walker, and believe me, he is a hard one to please, so thank you!!"- amy e., pa"very satisfied with the service. had some trouble with the on-line order so used the 1-800 and got great service."- huo n., mn"the orders came through exactly as ordered both times. the shipping cost was nominal. delivery was in reasonable time by postal mail. the product seems to be excellent."- gene o., ny"i have always received the best of service from this company. there products are excellent and just as good or better than the name brands."- pat c., tx"i had a problem with size. it was taken care of (no problem)"- joe d., co"i am very pleased with the way my order was handled including the delivery. also had an exchange and it was handled very nicely and the turn around was quick."- peg c. va"a smooth transaction. buying things on the web should always be like this. thanks."- scott s., fl"my experiences dealing with representatives regarding info on ordering and assistance with sizing were great. also when things don't turn out as well as i would like ames is very helpful in trying to solve problems."- john h. az"ordering my support stockings from ames walker went swiftly and without a glitch. the order was correct and i received it promptly. it was a pleasureable experience to deal with this company."- mildred n., az."i'm delighted with the product and the speed with which i received it."- naomi r., nj"i was delighted to find a product with ames that i'd tried unsuccessfully to order before from two other online companies. the price turned out to be even better than advertised because of some seasonal special applied unexpectedly to my order."- richard b., ca"i have flown all over the world with my ames walker socks, knee hi's and other hosiery products protecting my legs on 20+ hour flights, walking the boulevards of the world's capitals and i never go anywhere without them -- while my needs when i am home are less, in this case your products were an absolute lifesaver and i'm happy to share that with you and other customers."-joanna b., chicago ilsubmit a testimonialname/location:testimonial:we respect your privacy. categorieswhy shop with us?ameswalkerames walker size charts / colorssheers / opaques (8-15, 15-20, 20-30)signature sheers collection (20-30, 30-40) (similar to jobst® ultrasheer®)opaque microfiber collection (20-30 mmhg)surgical wgt. hose 20-30surgical wgt. hose 30-40anti-embolism stockingsarmsleeves / gauntletswomen's socks (all compressions)men's garments & sockssupports, bracestravel sockscompression guidehow to properly apply compression stockingsmenwomenmaternitybrandames walker (best value)jobstjuzomediven (medi)sigvaristherafirm support hosieryview all...sensitivefeetdiabetic/sensitive feetdrew, pw minor, orthofeet, aetrexaccessoriesview all...footcareaccessoriessaleactivejobst athletic, activewearfla activa® 20-30 mmhg athletic support socks - coolmax® mediven motion sport athletic sock stylevenosan sportsline performance socksperform - cool pain relieving gel and roll onaetrex gel high performance men's aetrex high perfomance runner shoesmen's aetrex athletic walkerswomen's aetrex athletic walkerswomen's aetrex high perfomance runner shoessupports, braceskids"these are wonderful socks. i'm very happy with them. excellent customer service & very ... read moreview all / submit testimonial505 industrial park ave., po box 1027asheboro, n.c. 27204toll free: 1-877-525-7224, fax 1-336-629-0632, customerservice@ameswalker.com ames walker hosiery, po box 1027, asheboro, nc 27204 usa phone: 1-877-525-7224 e-mail: customerservice@ameswalker.com home about us policies contact us site map customer support privacy shipping returns our blog resources leg health articles request catalog mail/fax orderform size charts © ames walker 2009. all rights reserved.