来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111222021140/http://www.ameswalker.com:80/testimonials.html
================================================================================

testimonials home customer support catalog leg health articles our blog contact us ames walker brandsheers (8-15, 15-20, 20-30)signature sheers collection (20-30, 30-40) (similar to jobst® ultrasheer®)opaque microfiber collection surgical weight hosieryanti-embolism stockingsarmsleeves / gauntletswomen's socks (all compressions)men's garments & sockssupports, bracestravel socksdiabetic/sensitive feetames walker size charts / colorscompression guidehow to properly apply compression stockingsaccessoriesmen's compressionmen's garments & socks8-15 compression - light support socks15-20 compression - garments/socks20-30 compression - garments/ socks30-40 compression - garments/ socks30-40, 40-50 compression - men's open toe men's leotard (20-30)anti-embolism stockingswomen's compressionwomen's socks (all compressions)maternity stylespantyhose (20-30, 30-40) medical weight8-15 compression - sheer/opaque15-20 compression - sheer/opaque20-30 compression - sheer/opaque30-40 compression - sheer/opaque40-50 compressionsignature sheers (20-30, 30-40)anti-embolism stockingsmaternity compressionames walker maternity styles (15-20, 20-30, 30-40)jobst maternity styles (8-15, 15-20, 20-30)mediven maternity styles (12-16, 16-20, 20-30, 30-40)venosan maternity styles (15-20, 20-30, 30-40) - plus size pantyhosesigvaris maternity styles (15-20)juzo maternity styles (20-30 & 30-40)brandameswalkervenosan hosieryjobstjuzomediven (medi)sigvaristherafirm support hosierydrew, pw minor, orthofeet, aetrexfla orthopedics, activafuturo hosiery and supportswellgate for womenwigwam socksanastasia skin therapymiracle of aloe foot carerejuvahealth patterned stockingsactive supportcep athletic compression socks by medijobst athletic, activewearfla activa® 20-30 mmhg athletic support socks - coolmax® mediven motion sport athletic sock stylevenosan® sportsline performance socksperform - cool pain relieving gel and roll onaetrex gel high performance men's aetrex high perfomance runner shoesmen's aetrex athletic walkerswomen's aetrex athletic walkerswomen's aetrex high perfomance runner shoessupports, bracesdiabetic footweardiabetic/sensitive feetdrew, pw minor, orthofeet, aetrexdry skin care, pain relief gels / creamstherafirm smartknit socksfoot and nail care accessoriesheaven for toes foot cushion productslymphedema armsleevesjobst armsleeves / gauntletsmediven gauntlets & arm sleeves 20-30/30-40mmhgsigvaris traditional series armsleeves 901/902juzo armsleeves, 2001/2002, 3511/3512 & juzo gauntlets, 3021/ 3022, 1101/ 1102lymphedivas armsleeves & gauntletstherapeutic shoesdrew, pw minor, orthofeet, aetrexheaven for toes foot cushion productsaccessorieshosiery mate rinse free washmediven - medicare stocking accessoriesperform - cool pain relieving gel and roll onfoot and nail care accessoriesanastasia skin therapymiracle of aloe foot caresupports, bracessale outletsigvaris 770 series - ltmd. time 36% off msrpnew items!rejuvahealth patterned stockingscep athletic compression socks by medistride in stylelymphedivas armsleeves & gauntletsaetrex women's sandalistasjuzo naturally sheer 2100/2101/2102sigvaris 781 eversheer 15-20mmhg seriessigvaris 782 eversheer 20-30mmhg seriessigvaris 783 eversheer 30-40mmhg series home | testimonialstestimonials"i discovered ames walker five years ago. after purchasing a pair of compression knee highs at a wal-mart store and finding that they squashed my toes unbearably i tossed them into the trash and went online. i purchased my first pairs from ames walker and have never looked back. i have made at least 3-4 purchases since then. i will have to wear compression stockings the rest of my life due to a dvt and ames has made my experience with stockings great. their people are a pleasure to deal with, always courteous and helpful. i recommend you to everyone that i speak with about compression stockings. ames walker will give you quality that you can afford without emptying your pocket book."-laberta f. ny"your company is exceptional. i ordered a set of your compression stockings and received them quickly, but they didn't fit, so i was able to return them with an ra#. i found a size that worked and received them yesterday. they fit very well and i've worn them ever since i've tried them on. i've never been able to put a pair of compression stockings on myself, ever. i gave up on them until recently and made that first order on the internet. now i'm sold on your company and your stocking, plus i thoroughly believe that you would back me up on any purchase problems that i could possibly ever encounter. service like that is extremely hard to come by. i know, i worked in customer service and sales for nearly 12 years before lymphedema in my legs practically crippled me. now, i'm returning to college and walking around campus isn't easy, but your stockings actually support my legs without cutting off my circulation or squeezing the life out of my toes. i spent everything i had on dozens of other brands, from the internet and retail, none of which lasted very long, all because of size issues, lack of customer service, and poor sales support. thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for all of your help. you've earned a customer for life in me. i'll do everything i can to help promote your business. you're fantastic."-tom davies"everything was easy, delivery was within a reasonable time frame for free shipping."-m. kay"this is my fifth time ordering from them. living in a us territory, one of the best things about ames is that it uses standard usps shipping. you will get your merchandise from them no matter where you live: whether it's alaska, guam, or at a p.o. box in the lower 48. they will send you what you ordered, it will get there fast, and they send you a label with paid return postage (you do have to call first) in case anything goes wrong, a service i had to take advantage of once but never again. i can't recommend these guys enough."-srinivas gandhi"i love the italian microfiber thigh-high (30 - 40)stockings. it's difficult to find 'short' lengths in most styles, and i am short. the thigh band is very comfortable - not too tight (as in other brands), yet holds up well. i wish they came in black, but they only come in beige."-eloise g."this was my 3rd order to ames walker and i just can't say anything negative about them. my order has always surprised me because it arrives before i expected it would. their site is easy to navigate and i can order my items quickly. i ordered the wrong item on my first order and called customer service to see if i could return the item and get credit towards the cost of the correct item. their customer service personnel were friendly and within a few minutes we had resolved my problem. i would recommend ames walker to any of my friends or relatives without hesitation."-d.k., nw georgia"when i found your site, i was so excited! i will need to buy compression garments for the rest of my life, and the cost at most sites was hard to bear. you promise the same quality at a price i can afford, not to mention this wonderful extra level of protection for my purchase. thanks ames walker! i'm looking forward to receiving my very first order and will most definitely add my reviews when i've tried the products. thank you again!"-linda weatherwax, texas"i have been buying compression socks from various merchants over the past couple years and had only recently discovered ames walker. after making my last purchase i can now state that ames walker will be my only supplier for compression socks from now on. the products are top rate factory fresh and well packed for shipping. the product cost and shipping cost are very reasonable and shipping is fast from the time the order is placed. who could ask for anymore."-jerome pavlick"ameswalker support hosiery center has the best prices for support merchandises. i spent over 8 hours in one day, comparing prices with at least 90% of the other online support companies,and not any came close to ameswalker prices, shipping and handling prices-free shipping if purchase is $50.00. ameswalker product is superb in quality and fit. oh, they make my legs feel so good! the other name brand merchandises they carry are just incredible inexpensive compared to other companies. i've never had any purchased order shipped to me as fast as ameswalker did! i was just stunned how quick i recieved my order! i made another order this week, and i will be making another the next. if ameswalker comes off online, i will be making the trip to the company. it is approximately 220 miles round trip for me. but,the distant will be worth it! i'm really satisfied and very grateful. believe you me, i will be telling as many people as i can about ameswalker. thank you."-mrs. clark"i have been trying to get an item of support hosiery in australia i tried all the websites but to no avail.i came across ames walker and found what i had been looking for. this was the first time i had ordered anything from the u.s. and was very suprised how easy it was to order i recieved the package 8 days later from initial order. the quality is excellent and communication re reciept of order and order number was spot on.i have ordered another four support hose.very impressed will recomend this site."-michael duggan"ames walker rocks! customer service is excellent! the quality of ames walker hose is excellent! who else will give you a refund on worn hose? i have spent many an hour and dollar looking for support hose that fit and i have been thrilled since i have found ames walker! thank you, guys!"-linda redd, dallas, tx"it is cheaper to buy thru this site than locally. plus they offer free shipping over $50 purchases. love this site...have problems with swelling in legs...these products really do help with that....considering costs of things nowdays....this is a good company to deal with...i recommend it to all my friends with health problems for a better daily life. thanks!"-kathy blankenship“i have tried several products in the support stockings and feel you do have the best product for the price. i enjoy the fact that your customer service phones me if they have a question with my order.”-linda yedowitz“i have done business with ames walker several times. the company has always been great to order from. no complaints or negative concerns from me.”-donald tolen“if you need compression hosiery, this is a great vendor. the variety for men is excellent, and the quality of dress and casual is also excellent. pricing is very fair. i am a repeat customer - decided to fortify my inventory because i was so pleased with the first set of compression socks i bought.”-sander beiber“an excellent overall purchasing experience. thanks.”-william heidenreich“i have been a customer of theirs for a year and a half, and will remain a customer for the foreseeable future - i highly recommend ames walker! you can order online, or request a catalog if you feel more comfortable ordering that way. they always have deals when buying multiples, and free shipping over a certain dollar amount. shipping is extremely fast and reliable. the products are all comfortable and effective, i use them to prevent clotting and to reduce swelling. i have tried all of their 20-30 compression men's socks, have found them to be of excellent quality, and they are a fraction of the price of comparable products. they look pretty good too, especially style 128, in my opinion. do yourself a favor and check them out!”-todd paprocki“prompt, professional service at reasonable prices.”-steve johnston“this company is great. good selection, great prices, good quality and incredibly fast shipping. i will continue to shop with ames walker & recommend them to my friends.”-margaret metcalf“this merchant had the best prices on the items i was interested in; they also had the best selection and variety. the items shipped shortly after i'd placed my order, so i got them quickly. i will definitely be ordering from this vendor again, and would recommend it to others.”-linda ferrazzara“i've placed several orders with ames walker. each time the order is filled quickly and correctly. the few times i have contacted customer service they responded quickly and were very helpful.”-james poe“i don't usually write on these testimonials, but i am very impressed with this company, and their product. as a new customer, i had to change out my sock order twice. the first i added them to my credit card and they said they would credit my charge acct. when they received the first order. done, within 2 weeks. the 3rd time i just got my ra# and sent them in for exchange. again within 2 weeks. the ladies that handled the returns were great to deal with. for a good product and hassle free service, i will recommend them anytime.”-mike t, texas“ames walker gives one on a fixed income many price options for quality medical-grade compression hose. although ames does carry the horrendously over-priced jobst and other brands of that ilk, it's a relief to also find an excellent alternative to what i've always considered a shameless gouging of consumers forced to use these hose for medical reasons.”-mary hilliard“i am a repeat customer and always receive great value and perfect service.”-ruby allman"absolutely no problems when dealing with this company. have ordered on line for several years and always received my order as placed. the pricing is reasonable and the products durable and attractive. glad to have an opportunity to express my opinions."-deane everett"i purchased three pair of sheer pantyhose and had to return them due to a size problem. your customer service was outstanding and i received my new order promptly. the style 33 pantyhose i wear are far superior to any other pantyhose i've worn. thank you so much."-tom l., ny"best price, delivery and product use. would definitely buy from ames walker again.""i have ordered from ames walker in the past. the products always arrive in a timely manner. the socks that i have ordered now and in the past are excellent. ames walker has saved me lots of money through out the years. in comparrison to shopping at a medical supply store or even a drug store. i have told my doctor about ames walker support hose. my doctor has called me several times and wanted to know what i thought about your socks. i said-these are the best that i have purchased in a long time. my doctor now recomended ames walker to her patients. i have told lots of friends about ames walker; even perfect strangers here and there. you have a really great product. i believe i am very fortunate to have found your product on the internet."-randall wright"i am ordering my first aw knee highs. the testamonials are impressive and the price is better than jobst's similar knee highs."-louise mandell"i ordered these sheer knee highs for my 80 year old mother. (her dr recommended them.) she is very satisfied with everything regarding this order and the product is excellent!"-mary h."these are wonderful socks. i'm very happy with them. excellent customer service & very fast shipping!""support hosiery can be very expensive and so far i really like my ames products. they were significantly less costly than others i have bought. very professional. shipped quickly. would shop there again. love the compression crew socks."-jacqueline p."i've placed three orders and have received the items within one week in california. when i placed an order for two family members with different sizes, i received a phone call to verify my order was correct. i appreciate their effort to make sure my order was correct before shipping."-norma binkley"thank you for the travel socks. we both love them. what a great product."-pam & john"i have ordered twice from ames. i received my orders in record time.i had to phone in once and my problem was handled quickly and efficiently."-arthur hamel"style 167, aw women's travel socks 15-20. these are wonderful put them on when we boarded the plane in rome took them off in ma and my feet had not swollen a bit. that never happened before.""what's best about ames walker is the customer service. you can count on them for fast shipping, reasonable prices, and, importantly, courteous returns if anything goes wrong, and the result is that i don't buy my compression stockings anywhere else.""i am a first time user of having to wear compression knee hi socks. i thought, oh sure, i'll go ahead and get some. but i'll never wear them. was i wrong!! i love them!! i am about to order more. they are so comfortable. and they make my legs feel so good. i recommend them!!!!!"-yvonne"this is my second major purchase from ames walker. i am a healthcare professional who stands most of the day. i love the compression socks. they're comfortable and they wash easily. no one knows that i'm wearing them unless i tell them.""finding the ames walker store was a great discovery for me. i have a slight varicose vein problem and use compression garments on and off. however, one garment that i couldn't do without is compression athletic socks, as i play volleyball and it is a great strain on the legs. i used to search amazon for great deals on athletic support socks and ended up with prices between 35 and 50 a pair. at ames walker, you can get the aw brand for about 15 dollars. as far as i can tell, the compression effect around the ankle is the same as the pricier brads, while i did notice the fabric lose some of its elasticity and therefore compression properties higher up towards the knee. the aw sock still works for me, as i can see by the condition of my legs after volleyball practice.""the aw brand carriers economic versions of most types of compression hosiery, but the choice is up to you--you can also get the 60 dollar mediven and the 150 dollar sigvaris from them. as for myself, given that my vein condition is very slight, and the fact that i need lots of good athletic socks, i appreciate the opportunity to get budget compression socks from this store, because i think the difference in quality is not too significant.""i have found complete satisfaction with the coolmax over the calf support socks. when my cardiologist suggested support hose for some ankle swelling, i remembered a page i had bookmarked on the internet. support hose for those who are on their feet or walking all day. not only do they give the same compression as the expensive ones found in the drugstore, but they are comfortable in hot weather (i live in az) and provide complete relief from the tired legs you get at the end of a day if you are constantly on your feet. all this, and a price tag less than 1/2 of the drugstore brand and they last longer and are certainly more stylish. now, that bookmark is annotated with the word, more socks. for when i return to buy them again. ames walker gets my recommendation as a quality merchant.""i've placed several orders with this merchant. i always get excellent service and great products!""the best compression stocking on the market; recommended by physicians and vein clinicians. ordering is easy and delivery is fast."-donna miller"what keeps me coming back to ames walker is the customer service. this was a reorder after one set of socks didn't work out for us. the return process was a breeze, and the amount for the earlier order was promptly refunded. i don't buy my support socks from anywhere else."-srinivas gandhi"your customer service at ames walker is terific!!""customer service person raquel was super. her knowledge of the product line was unbelievable."-richard, ohio"i have worn compression panty hose for 13 years since a dvt and post-phlebetic syndrome diagnosis. i wore the hose my doctor prescribed, custom-fit, heavy, seamed, ugly, and hot! i needed some new ones, but absolutely dreaded getting them. i decided to try your ames walker style 33, 20-30 compression. all i can say is "wow!!!" i love the fit, love the sheerness. i seldom wore dresses for years because of how ugly my old 'grandma' hose were. now, i love to wear dresses again, and feel feminine again. thanks, ames walker, again for a great product."- alice rayburg, arcanum, oh"i just want you to know how much i appreciate you people!!!! i just bought socks (style 180) for my diabetic friend and he loves them and his feet and legs feel so much better..he stands at work for 12 hours a day and now he doesn't have the foot pain he had before. he loves his socks. just wanted you to know and wanted to say thank you for being there. life is better now.tell everyone thanks"- lucy robideau"thank you so much, angela, love your stockings - reasonable price and love the color and they stay up so well too (compared to other more expensive i've had) and the friendly prompt service is a plus too. i will continue buying from you as long as i need to wear them. hope you all have a nice 4th of july..."-rosalie"ames walker was a pleasure to deal with. i received immediate delivery, and their product is excellent. i unhesitatingly recommend them."- jack c., ga"my dad loves the socks i bought from ames walker, and believe me, he is a hard one to please, so thank you!!"- amy e., pa"very satisfied with the service. had some trouble with the on-line order so used the 1-800 and got great service."- huo n., mn"the orders came through exactly as ordered both times. the shipping cost was nominal. delivery was in reasonable time by postal mail. the product seems to be excellent."- gene o., ny"i have always received the best of service from this company. there products are excellent and just as good or better than the name brands."- pat c., tx"i had a problem with size. it was taken care of (no problem)"- joe d., co"i am very pleased with the way my order was handled including the delivery. also had an exchange and it was handled very nicely and the turn around was quick."- peg c. va"a smooth transaction. buying things on the web should always be like this. thanks."- scott s., fl"my experiences dealing with representatives regarding info on ordering and assistance with sizing were great. also when things don't turn out as well as i would like ames is very helpful in trying to solve problems."- john h. az"ordering my support stockings from ames walker went swiftly and without a glitch. the order was correct and i received it promptly. it was a pleasureable experience to deal with this company."- mildred n., az."i'm delighted with the product and the speed with which i received it."- naomi r., nj"i was delighted to find a product with ames that i'd tried unsuccessfully to order before from two other online companies. the price turned out to be even better than advertised because of some seasonal special applied unexpectedly to my order."- richard b., ca"i have flown all over the world with my ames walker socks, knee hi's and other hosiery products protecting my legs on 20+ hour flights, walking the boulevards of the world's capitals and i never go anywhere without them -- while my needs when i am home are less, in this case your products were an absolute lifesaver and i'm happy to share that with you and other customers."-joanna b., chicago ilsubmit a testimonialname/location:testimonial:we respect your privacy. ameswalkerwhy shop with us?sheers (8-15, 15-20, 20-30)signature sheers collection (20-30, 30-40) (similar to jobst® ultrasheer®)opaque microfiber collection surgical weight hosieryanti-embolism stockingsarmsleeves / gauntletswomen's socks (all compressions)men's garments & sockssupports, bracestravel socksdiabetic/sensitive feetames walker size charts / colorscompression guidehow to properly apply compression stockingsaccessories"i discovered ames walker five years ago. after purchasing a pair of compression knee highs at ... read more-laberta f. nyview all / submit testimonial300 industrial park ave., po box 1027asheboro, n.c. 27204toll free: 1-877-525-7224, fax 1-336-629-0632, customerservice@ameswalker.com ames walker hosiery, po box 1027, asheboro, nc 27204 usa phone: 1-877-525-7224 e-mail: customerservice@ameswalker.com home about us contact us site map customer support privacy shipping returns our blog resources leg health articles request catalog mail/fax order form size charts © ames walker 2009. all rights reserved. translate english french german italian russian spanish recently viewed newsletter