来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171014234434/https://www.ameswalker.com/pages/compression-sock-and-hosiery-guide
================================================================================

compression sock & hosiery guide | ames walker low price guarantee page 1 created with sketch. 1-877-525-7224 my account cart 0cart menu search compression therapy ames walker brand lounge doctor lymphedema shoes and footwear braces and supports all brands shop by women women's compression socks women's knee highs women's pantyhose women's thigh highs plus size compression hosiery women’s stylish colors and patterns accessories donning shop by men men's compression socks men’s stylish colors and patterns men's knee highs men's thigh highs men's waist highs donning accessories shop by compression level mild (8-15 mmhg) moderate (15-20 mmhg) firm (20-30mmhg) extra firm (30-40mmhg) severe (40-50mmhg) 50-60 mmhg shop maternity maternity compression hosiery maternity support shop compression wraps upper body lymphedema/ armsleeves lower body lymphedema shop travel women's travel socks & hosiery men's travel socks shop active and athletic wear athletic socks and leg sleeves athletic braces and supports athletic armsleeves coolmax socks and sleeves shop diabetic socks & creams diabetic ankle and crew socks diabetic knee high socks diabetic creams and lotions shop hosiery and sock brands ames walker jobst® juzo medi (mediven) sigvaris® sockwell therafirm venosan fla activa circaid dr. comfort hosiery healthtrak socks truform upsurge vim & vigr zensah shop aw women aw women's compression socks aw women's compression hosiery aw active and athletic wear aw travel socks and hosiery aw coolmax socks aw diabetic socks aw maternity wear aw armsleeves and gauntlets aw braces and supports aw accessories shop aw men aw men's compression socks aw men's compression stockings aw active and athletic wear aw travel socks and hosiery aw coolmax socks aw diabetic socks aw braces and supports aw accessories shop aw compression levels aw mild (8-15 mmhg) aw moderate (15-20 mmhg) aw firm (20-30 mmhg) aw extra firm (30-40 mmhg) shop product line aw soft sheers aw sheer support aw signature sheers aw microfiber opaque hosiery aw luxury opaque hosiery aw medical support hosiery aw anti-embolism stockings aw active and athletic wear aw it stays! aw arm sleeves & gauntlets lounge doctor shop leg rests and accessories shop pillow and accessories shop lymphedema upper body / armsleeves lower body shop lymphedema brands circaid compression wraps jobst farrowwraps sigvaris compression wraps juzo compression wraps aw arm sleeves & gauntlets lounge doctor leg rest women's shoe styles dress shoes casual shoes boots walking and running shoes sandals / flip-flops slippers velcro shoes insoles and orthotics men's shoe styles dress shoes casual shoes boots walking and running shoes sandals / flip-flops slippers velcro shoes insoles and orthotics women's shoe brands apex shoes drew shoes dr. comfort shoes orthofeet shoes propet shoes revere shoes vionic with orthaheel technology shoes men's shoe brands apex shoes drew shoes dr. comfort shoes orthofeet shoes propet shoes vionic with orthaheel technology shoes shop by body part foot or ankle support hand and wrist support elbow support knee support back, core, or shoulder support shin/calf support shop by condition arthritis carpal tunnel hernia hot or cold therapy plantar fasciitis tennis elbow braces and supports brands aw braces and supports fla orthopedics medi braces and supports new balance supports orthosleeve supports therall supports zensah braces & supports brands ames walker apex circaid dr. comfort hosiery dr. comfort shoes drew fla activa fla orthopedics healthtrak socks jobst® juzo lounge doctor medi (mediven) new balance orthofeet orthosleeve propet revere sigvaris® sockwell therafirm therall truform upsurge venosan vim & vigr vionic zensah compression sock and hosiery guide compression stockings and socks can be confusing to understand: what are the different types, what are they used for, which should i choose and how do i wear them? this guide will answer those questions and help you navigate the options. please remember that this is a guide only and is not meant to be medical advice. if you have concerns about leg health, please consult your healthcare professional. choosing the right stocking while you’ll probably see uniform compression hosiery in stores, most health professionals agree that graduated compression is more beneficial. graduated compression is measured by the level of tightness, known as compression strength. for graduated compression, the unit of measure is millimeters of mercury (mmhg, the same standard your doctor uses when taking your blood pressure). you may see it described with numbers ranging from 8 mmhg (mild compression) through 30-40 mmhg and higher (medical weight). how much compression should you wear? graduated compression hosiery fits tighter at the ankle than at the knee or thigh. the compression decreases as the hose run up the leg and encourages circulation and healthy blood flow back to the heart. the unit of measurement used is millimeters of mercury (mmhg), which is the same unit of measurement used when blood pressure is taken. the higher the number, the more compression is built in. generally speaking, the high the compression, the more severe the condition. proper fit is essential, so take your measurements carefully, or call our certified fitters for assistance! compression stockings are sized a few different ways: by height and weight or by several leg measurements. some compression socks, for both men and women, are sized by shoe size. in most cases, it’s important to take some accurate measurements before ordering. wearing the correct size will maximize both the benefits and your comfort. choosing the correct size follow these steps to get the measurements you’ll need: if your legs tend to be swollen, measure when swelling is at a minimum, usually first thing in the morning. measure your ankle circumference at the narrowest part of your ankle, usually right above the anklebone. measure calf circumference at the fullest part of your calf. you’ll need calf length, which is measured from where your heel touches the floor to the bend in the back of the knee the knee. for thigh highs or pantyhose, measure your thigh circumference at its fullest part last, measure the length of your thigh from where your heel touches the floor to the gluteal fold. if you’re planning to buy compression pantyhose, you’ll also need to measure your hips, at their widest part. various styles and brands have different sizing so it’s important to check the size chart and any sizing instructions before purchasing. wearing compression stockings putting on compression hose is not quite like slipping into a pair of socks or pulling up your pantyhose. the elasticity and resistance of the material can make it hard to handle and some styles can actually be difficult to put on. we recommend not rolling and bunching the stocking before putting it on, but creating a heel pocket instead. with this method, follow these steps: turn the stocking inside out by putting your hand inside the stocking, grasping the heel and pulling it inside out slide your foot into the ‘pocket’ so that your toes are positioned correctly then pull the stocking up and over your foot to position heel correctly pull stocking up, smoothing the wrinkles as you go below is a video that demonstration of heel pocket method. there are a few things that may make it easier to put on compression stockings: if you use cream or lotion on your legs, be sure it has dried first. it is not recommended that you use lotion with silicone bands. baby powder or talc may help stockings glide over skin. if you wearing a ring, remove it to prevent snagging on the fabric. rubber gloves, will make it easier to get a grip on the material, move the fabric up your legs and smooth out bumps and wrinkles. many find a stocking donner helpful. a donner is a device that a helps to keep the hosiery in place and partially open, making it easier to insert your foot into the stocking. don’t just pull at the top band to put the stockings on—this can damage the fabric. work the fabric gently up the leg and carefully smooth any wrinkles things to look for: make sure that the foot of the stocking is placed correctly on your foot. the foot shape should be the same as the shape of your bare foot. if you’re wearing knee-highs, be careful that the band isn’t buckling behind the knee since this can cut off circulation. never fold over your compression hose as this can cause reverse compression. the u.s. national library of medicine has more useful tips on wearing compression stockings. your compression stocking or sock should be worn daily, all day, and removed at bedtime unless your doctor has advised you otherwise. removing compression hose isn’t quite as difficult as putting them on, but do slide them down your leg slowly. you can see a good overview of donning and removing stockings in material prepared by the university of wisconsin hospitals and clinics authority. you should contact your doctor or other healthcare professional if: there is increased pain, swelling or numbness while wearing compression hose. if you see redness or open skin on your feet or legs if compression hose feels too uncomfortable, you may need a different type, but don’t discontinue wear without talking to your doctor. wearing compression hosiery for travel there is a potential, although slight, risk of developing a deep vein thrombosis during long plane flights. this even has a name, ‘economy class syndrome.’ the key is to increase blood flow and compression hose can help with that. the independent traveler has some useful steps to help you avoid the threat of dvt or other leg health problems that can arise during flights: moving and stretching encourage blood flow, so take some time periodically to walk up and down the aisle. wear clothing that doesn’t bind. drink plenty of hydrating fluids before the flight and avoid diuretics like coffee and other caffeinated drinks. compression hosiery has been shown to reduce the risk of dvt caused by air travel, according to the nation health service, uk. you should wear the stockings for the duration of the flight. and as always, consult with your doctor first. what is compression hosiery? compression stockings are medically designed to improve circulation, and relieve the symptoms of edema, vein diseases and other leg discomforts. and guard against further progression of such venous disorders. compression hosiery has much higher content of elastic fibers like lycra® and spandex than other stockings or socks and can be made from a variety of materials, including cotton and microfiber. there are two main types of compression hosiery: uniform and graduated. uniform compression, as the name states, offers the same amount of compression to all parts of the leg. according to studies, including one in the british journal of surgery, graduated compression hosiery is much more effective in treating vein diseases. graduated compression is tightest at the ankle and pressure gradually decreases as it moves up the leg. when circulation is impaired, blood tends to pool in the lower extremities, causing circulation problems. the graduated compression helps move blood through veins towards the heart. graduated compression is measured in millimeters of mercury and ranges from mild support in 8-15 mmhg up to 30-40 mmhg and above. the higher the number the greater the support. compression hosiery is available in several styles, including socks, stockings, knee-highs, thigh-highs and pantyhose for both men and women. what is compression hosiery used for? graduated compression hosiery is used to improve circulation and aid in leg health. when circulation is constricted, it can cause all kinds of vein disorders and other circulation conditions. some of these disorders can be extremely serious. edema edema is swelling that occurs when fluid builds up in tissue. it happens most frequently in feet, ankles and legs and can be caused by injury or illness: something as simple as a sprained ankle or as serious as heart disease. edema is also a common result of diabetes. according to the cleveland clinic, other causes include some medications, allergies, standing or sitting too long and pregnancy. graduated compression stockings prevent or slow fluids from pooling in legs and ankles. lymphedema lymphedema is a swelling in an arm or leg that’s caused when the flow of lymph fluids is blocked and fluids can’t drain well. the lymphatic system is a crucial element of the circulatory and immune systems. along with swelling, the limb may ache and feel heavy. there may be restricted range of motion or recurring infections as well. vein diseases nearly half of adults in the u.s. suffer from some sort of vein condition-- from the unsightly and uncomfortable to the life threatening. varicose veins are swollen, twisted veins just below the skin’s surface. a paper in the u.s. national library of medicine explains that varicose veins are often more of a cosmetic problem than a medical one. but they can cause pain and swelling. varicose veins can be caused by standing for long periods of time, obesity or pregnancy and tend to be genetic. spider veins are a less pronounced version of varicose veins and can be a result of injury, a change in hormones, pregnancy, genetics, alcohol use and sun exposure. while not usually serious, they can be unattractive and uncomfortable. phlebitis is an inflammation of a vein. superficial phlebitis may be painful, but is not life threatening. it’s often associated with varicose veins or caused by an iv. it can also develop during pregnancy or in people who are bed-ridden. there are several serious vein diseases that can be treated or slowed with the use of compression stockings. graduated compression hosiery is used after surgery to help prevent deep vein thrombosis. (dvt) is a blood clot that typically forms in a deep vein in the leg. the blood clot can travel through the bloodstream to the lung, leading to a pulmonary embolism, which can be fatal. in fact, according to preventdvt, “complications from dvt blood clots kill up to 300,000 people in the u.s. each year — more than aids and breast cancer combined.” compression stockings increase venous blood flow and help blood valves work efficiently. this improves circulation and helps move fluid back into blood vessels. compression keeps blood flowing smoothly and reduces swelling and leg pain. other medical uses of compression stockings pregnancy can also cause vein conditions. one their website, the american college of phlebology explains that during pregnancy, the combination of increased blood volume and hormones can contribute to a weakening of the vein walls. in most cases, these issues can be improved with compression hosiery and will disappear after pregnancy. who else can benefit from compression hosiery? if you have experienced tired, aching legs, compression stockings may bring relief. people who spend all day standing or sitting, like nurses, hair stylists, factory workers, wait staff and truck drivers may find compression hose useful. some athletes swear by compression socks or compression leg sleeves to reduce muscle fatigue. air travellers find compression hose relieves leg discomfort caused by inactivity and cramped seating. in general, for anyone who wants to improve circulation, compression stockings are the first step towards leg health. when not to use compressions stockings as beneficial as compression can be, it should not be used by people with certain conditions, including severe uncontrolled congestive heart failure and advanced arterial disease. compression pushes blood away from the leg and may not be recommended for smokers and anyone with a decreased blood supply to the legs. poor blood flow in arteries is different from vein conditions and compression hosiery is usually not advised. those with diabetes, neuropathy, skin infections and allergies should check with a healthcare professional. in fact, it is always wise to consult a physician before using compression therapy. the vascular disease foundation offers an in-depth overview on vein diseases and conditions that can benefit from compression therapy. sign up for exclusive savings from ames walker! shop ames walker brand diabetic active & athletic plus size hosiery anti-embolism lounge doctor travel outlet accessories maternity shop ames walker brand diabetic active & athletic plus size hosiery anti-embolism lounge doctor travel outlet accessories maternity about about us contact us why choose us? testimonials wholesalers customer service shipping returns coupons coupon policy e-gift cards email preference center your health leg health lymphedema education our blog faq copyright 2019 ames walker privacy policy sitemap