来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181116050747/https://www.ameswalker.com/pages/testimonials
================================================================================

testimonials – ames walker sign up for exclusive offers & receive a free welcome kit! page 1 created with sketch. 1-877-525-7224 my account cart 0cart menu search compression therapy ames walker brand lounge doctor lymphedema shoes and footwear braces and supports all brands shop by women women's compression socks women's knee highs women's pantyhose women's thigh highs plus size compression hosiery women’s stylish colors and patterns accessories donning shop by men men's compression socks men’s stylish colors and patterns men's knee highs men's thigh highs men's waist highs donning accessories shop by compression level mild (8-15 mmhg) moderate (15-20 mmhg) firm (20-30mmhg) extra firm (30-40mmhg) severe (40-50mmhg) 50-60 mmhg shop maternity maternity compression hosiery maternity support shop compression wraps upper body lymphedema/ armsleeves lower body lymphedema shop travel women's travel socks & hosiery men's travel socks shop active and athletic wear athletic socks and leg sleeves athletic braces and supports athletic armsleeves coolmax socks and sleeves shop diabetic socks & creams diabetic ankle and crew socks diabetic knee high socks diabetic creams and lotions shop hosiery and sock brands ames walker jobst® juzo medi (mediven) sigvaris® therafirm venosan fla activa circaid dr. comfort hosiery futuro healthtrak socks nv-x sport truform upsurge vim & vigr zensah shop aw women aw women's compression socks aw women's compression hosiery aw active and athletic wear aw travel socks and hosiery aw coolmax socks aw diabetic socks aw maternity wear aw armsleeves and gauntlets aw braces and supports aw accessories shop aw men aw men's compression socks aw men's compression stockings aw active and athletic wear aw travel socks and hosiery aw coolmax socks aw diabetic socks aw braces and supports aw accessories shop aw compression levels aw mild (8-15 mmhg) aw moderate (15-20 mmhg) aw firm (20-30 mmhg) aw extra firm (30-40 mmhg) shop product line aw soft sheers aw sheer support aw signature sheers aw microfiber opaque hosiery aw luxury opaque hosiery aw medical support hosiery aw anti-embolism stockings aw active and athletic wear aw it stays! lounge doctor shop leg rests and accessories shop pillow and accessories shop lymphedema upper body / armsleeves lower body shop lymphedema brands circaid compression wraps jobst farrowwraps sigvaris compression wraps juzo compression wraps women's shoe styles dress shoes casual shoes boots walking and running shoes sandals / flip-flops slippers velcro shoes insoles and orthotics men's shoe styles dress shoes casual shoes boots walking and running shoes sandals / flip-flops slippers velcro shoes insoles and orthotics women's shoe brands apex shoes drew shoes dr. comfort shoes orthofeet shoes p.w. minor shoes propet shoes revere shoes vionic with orthaheel technology shoes men's shoe brands apex shoes drew shoes dr. comfort shoes orthofeet shoes p.w. minor shoes propet shoes vionic with orthaheel technology shoes shop by body part foot or ankle support hand and wrist support elbow support knee support back, core, or shoulder support shin/calf support shop by condition arthritis carpal tunnel hernia hot or cold therapy plantar fasciitis tennis elbow braces and supports brands aw braces and supports fla orthopedics futuro braces and supports medi braces and supports new balance supports orthosleeve supports therall supports zensah braces & supports brands ames walker apex circaid dr. comfort hosiery dr. comfort shoes drew fla activa fla orthopedics futuro healthtrak socks jobst® juzo lounge doctor medi (mediven) new balance nv-x sport orthofeet orthosleeve propet p.w. minor revere sigvaris® therafirm therall truform upsurge venosan vim & vigr vionic zensah testimonials "had to contact them because the item i selected was not available in my size. i got a nearly immediate e-mail response with the replacement item (what i selected had been discontinued) and a link to the item page.  been using their products for years now. the ames-walker brand is high quality and a great bargain over the competitive socks they also sell (like jobst)."- walter baxter“what a great bonus for your consumers!  you have high quality hosiery for both men and women, that is of the utmost importance for people who spend a lot of time walking or standing at their jobs.  it is so nice knowing that you are there and have benefited so many individuals. thank you!”- carole“if i ever have a need for more support hosiery i will be sure to remember ames walker and the superior customer service i received from you.thank you again. have a wonderful day!”- sheila“dear ms. robinson, often the only time management hears about a staff member is when a dissatisfied customer develops enough steam that needs to be vented.  i, however, am a very happy customer.  i have had fitting problems with recent ames walker stocking and unfortunately am having to return several pair.  ms. laura beth denny has worked with me to craft a solution that remedies my problem.  she is an asset and should be recognized for her outstanding customer service.  i have been a long time customer with ames walker and look forward to continuing doing business with your company.  i will continue to recommend ames walker products both to my patients and my friends. yours truly”- dr. david d. hand“your customer service is the best!” - dorthy kusold“very informative sales people, great customer service, fast processing and delivery! i will definetly buy from ames walker again! thanks.” - eddie“i was extremely pleased with my overall shopping experience with ames walker.  the variety of items is more than adequate.  also the price ranges are reasonable.  i am glad i was referred to this company and will definitely be shopping there more often.”- patricia lyons“as always, ames walker gave me excellent service. i really love the selection of brands and styles offered and this time i got a free bottle of "it stays" with my order, which was a super bonus!- dorthy kile “i love their 30 day money back guarantee. i recently had to return an item. before buying that item i checked other internet health sites about the item and they stated it could not be returned. that is a savings to me. i have to wear compression socks and they are my store... thank you.”- johnny holmes“when it comes to good service - your the tops!”  - john beeching“the ames walker 15-20 mm thigh highs were absolutely awesome.  they stayed in place all day long with the help of it stays adhesive.  these will be my go to when its too hot to wear pantyhose.  i tell ya ames walker is the place to shop for retail workers who stand on their feet all day long.  if your a guy who wears sheer hosiery wear them with confidence.  never mind what society dictates.  your leg health is more important.”- paul w.“i have been a customer for several years. i have never had any complaints. this is the only place i can shop for the items i need for a reasonable price.”- vivian peet“wow!  ames walker sure has great customer service!  thanks so much for your efforts and your very prompt communication!  i shall give the 15-20mmhg compression a try and look forward to pinch-free toes!  your exceptional (especially compared with most businesses) helpfulness has given ames walker a new loyal customer.  thanks again”- mary jo“thank you for your help when i called to place my order. it is always a pleasure to call ames walker, all the people are so friendly & helpful. i received my order yesterday. it came a lot sooner than i expected. so, thank you again for all your help!!!!!!!! “- peggy cloer"the best out there! quality products, fabulous & quick service, unbelievably low prices compared to all the rest."- katherine gobel“aw is one of the few companies i feel i can order from with complete confidence.”- b. b. pass“thank you for this guarantee in addition to the price of the hose which i find to be half of what i had paid at the drugstore ( our only source of hose here in this small town.)  i am looking forward to using your company now as my source.  it looks like i will be wearing this kind of hose for the rest of my life!! if they continue to make my legs feel as good as they do now, i won’t mind. ”- nancy carter“ames walker house brands are better than any leading name brand i've tried--both regular and maternity pantyhose.  prices are great.  their customer service can't be beat... questions are answered quickly.”- ahamd shelbaya“excellent vendor. very professional customer service staff person handled my file in a capable, competent---and friendly manner. i am a senior who is a difficult size to fit. this company gave me several choices in various price ranges. my initial impression of product quality is very good.”“my email questions were answered in less than 24 hours and the shipping was prompt; despite a belated address correction on my part!“i am very pleased with my ames-walker online shopping experience. i am trying out the new products i ordered for a week or so, then i plan to place another order very soon!”- jane tibbetts“dear ms. moya, thank you for your prompt reply and excellent customer service.  i feel like that old commercial that says:  "my legs feel like dancing"!  you've got my business!”- flo benton“i bought these knee highs for an elderly friend. she is most happy with them. she said the price was excellent. she is a very happy person and i am glad and happy to have found these in the internet because she said she could not find them anywhere we live. the ones she had bought at one time very large and she needed extra-large. we are both very happy with your product and i will gladly recommend them to anyone who need this type of hosiery.”- diana mason"you have one of the top two businesses that i will purchase from over the internet.  i would buy from you any way i can .  the reps have always been very patient and helpful.  they know the products, and can answer any question i put forth.  it's a pleasure doing business with you."- dot diambra“i just received my exchange shipment of hosiery and i do want to commend your company for your excellent customer service. i have never felt so appreciated.”- joyce triller“i can only say it is with pleasure that i buy from ames walker.  i wish the world was like this company!!!!”- bill schmidt“each time i've ordered, i've been satisfied. the hose have been attractive, fit well and delivered promptly. great service!”- maxine upah“our podiatrist recommended your support socks for my parents. your internet ordering system was very convenient to use. thank you for the safety in ordering. best regards.”- dave price, powder springs, ga“have used ameswalker for years and i love working with them! the website is easy, the prices are often best of the web and products arrive on time every time.”- bill meixner“thanks for including the buysafe guarantee on my order. i've never had so much as even a hint of a problem with any order from you, and your "store brand" products are the equal of any "big name" brands i've seen (possibly better). even at that, though, the addition of buysafe makes me even more comfortable and happy. take care,”- tom losh“great products and outstanding customer service.”- michael diviney“thank you so much for the buysafe guarantee and for the years of great customer service you have always extended to me.”- bambi tucker“lots of choices, excellent quality (i prefer ames-walker's own brand over the more expensive ones), very helpful customer service to make best selection, and good value.  i won't buy support hose anywhere else!”- gail rehman“hands down, the best support hosiery in the world!”- mary m.“my legs keep saying, "thank you, ames walker!"”- bev sherman“i want to thank the lady who helped sister colette canty from henrico, virginia, order her stockings today. she was so kind and patient. god bless her. i am sure she said her name when she answered the phone but i have forgotten. i just want to say how grateful i am. thanks.”- sr. colette, lsp.“i love ameswalker. i am a diabetic and ames walker provides the best quality and prices for me. i just wish i had found you sooner.”“my venous surgeon recommended ames walker. i went online and found the stockings he was referring to and it saved me lots of $$ to order from them. it was easy to make an order and i was amazed by how many choices there is for delivery. customer service was *great*!  i'm going to order again from them in the future.  i'm going to tell my family, friends and others about them.  i recommend ordering from ames walker for the overall experience and products that are more than worth buying! you can't go wrong with ames walker products! thank you ames walker!”- a very satisfied customer :)“great prices great service and buysafe guarantee what more could you ask for.”“i have dealt with this company for many years and have had only positive experiences with them.  the critical test in evaluating a company is how they deal with difficulties that may arise, such as misunderstandings about size when making an order.  the agents of this company have always been helpful and have worked toward satisfying the customer.  i wish all online merchants were as responsible as they are.”“i appreciate the buy safe guarantee. this has added to my confidence in shopping with you. thanks!”- don boucher“i was impressed with the service. the delivery was really fast and correct. i got just what i ordered and at a good price. i will recommend ames walker to all my friends that use compression hose.”- victor s.“my experience with ames walker has always been positive, ease of selection, great inventory, easy ordering and package arrives as promised. who could ask for more?”- randall h. wike“this is my forth order from aw selecting specifically the aw brand for the item(s). from the very beginning it has been nothing but pleasant.  my first order and the latest one was for a compression sleeve for the effected arm after a mastectomy. i don't believe there are better prices for these sleeves anywhere---i have searched far and wide to compare. the sleeves are comfortable and actually fits me better than the more expensive ones. other orders were for compression socks and i found the same quality in them.”- laura sams“thanks . good products. good company.”- eleanor dowd“as an orthopedic surgeon (and distance runner), i'm on my feet all day and ames walker helps keep me there. i love the compression stockings for long days in the or. their compression socks are great for running and recovery. i tell all the nurses and staff that i work with about your products. everyone who i've recommended ames walker to agrees that the price, quality and customer service is unbeatable. thank you ames walker!”- kathryn keeler"i buy surgical support hose for my mother. she has been wearing the futuro and other big name brands for about 20 years. she has been paying about $75 per pair for them and on a limited income, this was outrageous! thank goodness i discovered ames walker. i have been buying similar compression hose - the ames walker brand, and mum swears that they last longer and are a better fit than the expensive name-brand hose.  i buy a bunch and ship them to her in canada several times a year."- susan collins“i received the support stockings in 4 days.  the shipping was free for the weekend and i received a percentage off too!  the quality of the support stockings is great i purchased a little more expensive brand because of the percentage off and i am more than satisfied with my order. keep up the great work!”- colleen g.“ames walker has the best variety of compression stockings at the best prices.  i have ordered from them three times and have found the quality to be excellent. i followed the sizing guidelines they specified…  i wouldn't buy hose from another source.”- judith m.“dear ames walker, thanks for the buysafe guarantee.  i never had the privilege of this wonderful perk with any other store.”- lin lieberman“the prices are right and the buysafe certificate is great. thank you”“aw brand sale price was awesome. great quality open toe knee high compression stockings. have been purchasing them for years.”- rachel g.“i would just like to say how much i appreciate your very prompt and efficient service from the other side of the world. your prices for elastic stockings are less than half of what i pay in new zealand, including postage.”- wendy beeching“excellent customer service on the previous order resulting in my purchase of another item.  thanks again for your speedy resolution of issues and your knowledgeable customer service person.”- bonna reed“multiple time repeat customer. never had any problems. seems like an excellent company.”- elisa trigalo“they fulfilled the order very promptly.  the quality is good.  i've worn their compression hose for many years and recommend them highly.”- joanne d.“excellent selection, at a fairly competitive price. have purchased from them in the past and will in the future. no problems, whatsoever.”- reggie day“excellent service, as always, from ames walker.”- peter bostock“thank you. for your service. i am very please with the help i have received over the phone and the e-mails. i have some physical conditions that require me to wear the compression socks. i thank you much.”- john rim“i was most impressed with the prompt follow up by phone and especially the professionalism of raquel in customer service, especially on a busy day. thanks.”- nat baird“i have ordered from them several times. never had a problem with the various products i have ordered. they have always shipped promptly and arrived in a timely manner.”- dennis mccarthy“perfect quality and excellent service!”- oleg kravtsov“thanks so much for the prompt response.  i found that ames was extremely responsive and very prompt in the delivery of my product.  you certainly make the return process a pleasure without having to make a special trip to the post office unless insuring the return.  i will certainly recommend ames walker to any one in need of specialized hosiery and i will remember you in case i have any need in the future. thanks ever so much and have a wonderful weekend!”- jill boleman“as always, totally impressed with aw service. thank you!”- a.h. youngblood“tried ames walker for the first time.  found the products to be of a very high quality, support, and came with great instructions about the usages. really great product!”- irwin q., pa“thanks for the guarantee!  also enjoyed the "no shipping fees."  i'm hoping these cotton support socks will be exactly what i need -- we're expecting record heat in texas this summer.”- nancy s.“i want to let ames walker co. know that they are one of the best companies to deal with-you have been so generous in my returning merchandise that did not fit-.  with the help of the lady one evening, i have found a support knee hi, that fits great and gives the support i need. again thanks for your generous service.  i will be a long time customer.”- patricia l.  pa“i have always had a great shopping experience with ames walker.  everyone is very considerate, orders are always correct and i receive them quickly.  good companies make it when the economy tanks.  ames walker should be around for a long time.”- gratefully, marcella montagano“i have found ames walker a very good company to do business.  if there happens to be a problem their customer service is very helpful about resolving it.”- elizabeth sansone“i got exactly what i wanted in the items i ordered.  i couldn't have been more pleased.  the sizing was as stated on the chart.  i will be placing an order again and always in the near future.  nice to do business with your company.  thanks.”- margaret hedden, n.y"thank you, thank you for your really rapid service.  it was so appreciated.  you people have been really excellent to work with and so dependable.  the order arrived already thursday may 3rd.  did not think there was a chance we would get it before leaving. thank you again."- marlene andersen, delaware, iowa"i've been ordering from ames walker for years.  their products are high quality, less expensive than name brands and shipped promptly."- barbara lloyd“thank you for providing these benefits.  my order arrived 2 days after i received notification.  what a surprise to get them that quickly.  and i've tried them on and think they'll be great for travelling.”- suzanne stockton“i bought compression knee highs from ames walker a couple of years ago and wear them every day. i recently developed a blood clot in one leg after surgery, and was sent to a local orthotics company for a pair. they were too small, and cost $84!!!! ordered some from ames walker - much better fit and much better price. also received them in 3 days without paying a high price for shipping. i recommend this company to all my friends, and have told the doctors about it too.”- jean rose“many, many thanks for such good service.  although i live on the west coast, and in canada, it only took days to receive my arm sleeve. very impressive!”- a.yarnell“thank you. i continue to order from you because of your products and what sets you apart from other vendors. your everyday standards for customer service are superb. thank you.”- david evans“i just recently ordered 2 pair of compression support hosiery and am truly amazed with the results.  i wear them for a total of 8-10 hours a day and upon taking them off, my legs and feet feel so much better.  truly amazing!!!  thanks so much.  will be making future purchases.”- sue s.“i have used compression hosiery for the better part of 16 years first as a clot prevention measure following hip replacement surgery, then later to prevent varicose veins after surgery to remove some large superficial veins in the leg. i have found ames walker to be an excellent source for information, selection, and customer service.  they carry the full range of trusted name brands, and i have found their in house brand of knee high compression socks to be a great value and long lasting, too. and by signing up for email notifications i can almost always catch the special sales and free shipping offers.  most recently i became acquainted with the jobst sock donner; with it i can still get the 15-20 mmhg compression socks on 'solo' while recovering from hip revision. i'm on my feet at work all day, and wouldn't think of trying to work without my compression hosiery. nor would i suffer a plane trip longer than a couple of hours without the protection from dvt that ames walker hosiery provides.  all in all a superb company to work with.” - jack morrison"ames walker has a bigger selection of brands and styles  and much lower prices than the medical supply stores here in seattle wa. my doctor prescribed sigvaras thigh high hose with the belt(chap style) but no one had them in stock. they were a "special order" that would take 2 weeks and about $300.00 each leg!! that sent me looking on line. i looked at a lot of sites but aw has a quality/satisfaction guarantee, the customer service was great, and the price was terrific.  i got the exact same hose that were selling for $300.00 each for $70.00 each (plus $16.00 shipping) delivered in 3 business days."- b. bell"i discovered ames walker five years ago.  after purchasing a pair of compression knee highs at a wal-mart store and finding that they squashed my toes unbearably i tossed them into the trash and went online.  i purchased my first pairs from ames walker and have never looked back.  i have made at least 3-4 purchases since then.  i will have to wear compression stockings the rest of my life due to a dvt and ames has made my experience with stockings great.  their people are a pleasure to deal with, always courteous and helpful.  i recommend you to everyone that i speak with about compression stockings.  ames walker will give you quality that you can afford without emptying your pocket book."- laberta f.  ny"your company is exceptional. i ordered a set of your compression stockings and received them quickly, but they didn't fit, so i was able to return them with an ra#. i found a size that worked and received them yesterday. they fit very well and i've worn them ever since i've tried them on. i've never been able to put a pair of compression stockings on myself, ever. i gave up on them until recently and made that first order on the internet. now i'm sold on your company and your stocking, plus i thoroughly believe that you would back me up on any purchase problems that i could possibly ever encounter. service like that is extremely hard to come by. i know, i worked in customer service and sales for nearly 12 years before lymphedema in my legs practically crippled me. now, i'm returning to college and walking around campus isn't easy, but your stockings actually support my legs without cutting off my circulation or squeezing the life out of my toes. i spent everything i had on dozens of other brands, from the internet and retail, none of which lasted very long, all because of size issues, lack of customer service, and poor sales support. thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for all of your help. you've earned a customer for life in me. i'll do everything i can to help promote your business. you're fantastic."- tom davies"everything was easy, delivery was within a reasonable time frame for free shipping."- m. kay"this is my fifth time ordering from them. living in a us territory, one of the best things about ames is that it uses standard usps shipping. you will get your merchandise from them no matter where you live: whether it's alaska, guam, or at a p.o. box in the lower 48.  they  will send you what you ordered, it will get there fast, and they send you a label with paid return postage (you do have to call first) in case anything goes wrong, a service i had to take advantage of once but never again. i can't recommend these guys enough."- srinivas gandhi  "i love the italian microfiber thigh-high (30 - 40)stockings. it's difficult to find 'short' lengths in most styles, and i am short.  the thigh band is very comfortable - not too tight (as in other brands), yet holds up well. i wish they came in black, but they only come in beige."- eloise g."this was my 3rd order to ames walker and i just can't say anything negative about them. my order has always surprised me because it arrives before i expected it would.  their site is easy to navigate and i can order my items quickly. i ordered the wrong item on my first order and called customer service to see if i could return the item and get credit towards the cost of the correct item.  their customer service personnel were friendly and within a few minutes we had resolved my problem. i would recommend ames walker to any of my friends or relatives without hesitation."- d.k., nw georgia"when i found your site, i was so excited!  i will need to buy compression garments for the rest of my life, and the cost at most sites was hard to bear.  you promise the same quality at a price i can afford, not to mention this wonderful extra level of protection for my purchase.  thanks ames walker!  i'm looking forward to receiving my very first order and will most definitely add my reviews when i've tried the products. thank you again!"- linda weatherwax, texas"i have been buying compression socks from various merchants over the past couple years and had only recently discovered ames walker.  after making my last purchase i can now state that ames walker will be my only supplier for compression socks from now on.  the products are top rate factory fresh and well packed for shipping.  the product cost and shipping cost are very reasonable and shipping is fast from the time the order is placed.  who could ask for anymore."- jerome pavlick"ameswalker support hosiery center has the best prices for support merchandises. i spent over 8 hours in one day, comparing prices with at least 90% of the other online support companies,and not any came close to ameswalker prices, shipping and handling prices-free shipping if purchase is $50.00. ameswalker product is superb in quality and fit. oh, they make my legs feel so good! the other name brand merchandises they carry are just incredible inexpensive compared to other companies. i've never had any purchased order shipped to me as fast as ameswalker did! i was just stunned how quick i recieved my order! i made another order this week, and i will be making another the next. if ameswalker comes off online, i will be making the trip to the company. it is approximately 220 miles round trip for me. but,the distant will be worth it! i'm really satisfied and very grateful. believe you me, i will be telling as many people as i can about ameswalker. thank you."- mrs. clark"i have been trying to get an item of support hosiery in australia i tried all the websites but to no avail.i came across ames walker and found what i had been looking for. this was the first time i had ordered anything from the u.s. and was very suprised how easy it was to order i recieved the package 8 days later from initial order. the quality is excellent and communication re reciept of order and order number was spot on.i have ordered another four support hose.very impressed will recomend this site."- michael duggan"ames walker rocks! customer service is excellent! the quality of ames walker hose is excellent! who else will give you a refund on worn hose?  i have spent many an hour and dollar looking for support hose that fit and i have been thrilled since i have found ames walker! thank you, guys!"- linda redd, dallas, tx"it is cheaper to buy thru this site than locally. plus they offer free shipping over $50 purchases.  love this site...have problems with swelling in legs...these products really do help with that....considering costs of things nowdays....this is a good company to deal with...i recommend it to all my friends with health problems for a better daily life. thanks!"- kathy blankenship“i have tried several products in the support stockings and feel you do have the best product for the price.  i enjoy the fact that your customer service phones me if they have a question with my order.”- linda yedowitz“i have done business with ames walker several times.  the company has always been great to order from.  no complaints or negative concerns from me.”- donald tolen“if you need compression hosiery, this is a great vendor.  the variety for men is excellent, and the quality of dress and casual is also excellent.  pricing is very fair.  i am a repeat customer - decided to fortify my inventory because i was so pleased with the first set of compression socks i bought.”- sander beiber“an excellent overall purchasing experience.  thanks.”- william heidenreich“i have been a customer of theirs for a year and a half, and will remain a customer for the foreseeable future - i highly recommend ames walker!  you can order online, or request a catalog if you feel more comfortable ordering that way.  they always have deals when buying multiples, and free shipping over a certain dollar amount.  shipping is extremely fast and reliable.  the products are all comfortable and effective, i use them to prevent clotting and to reduce swelling.  i have tried all of their 20-30 compression men's socks, have found them to be of excellent quality, and they are a fraction of the price of comparable products.  they look pretty good too, especially style 128, in my opinion. do yourself a favor and check them out!”- todd paprocki“prompt, professional service at reasonable prices.”- steve johnston“this company is great. good selection, great prices, good quality and incredibly fast shipping. i will continue to shop with ames walker & recommend them to my friends.”- margaret metcalf“this merchant had the best prices on the items i was interested in; they also had the best selection and variety. the items shipped shortly after i'd placed my order, so i got them quickly. i will definitely be ordering from this vendor again, and would recommend it to others.”- linda ferrazzara“i've placed several orders with ames walker.  each time the order is filled quickly and correctly.  the few times i have contacted customer service they responded quickly and were very helpful.”- james poe“i don't usually write on these testimonials, but i am very impressed with this company, and their product. as a new customer, i had to change out my sock order twice. the first i added them to my credit card and they said they would credit my charge acct. when they received the first order. done, within 2 weeks. the 3rd time i just got my ra# and sent them in for exchange. again within 2 weeks. the ladies that handled the returns were great to deal with. for a good product and hassle free service, i will recommend them anytime.”- mike t., texas“ames walker gives one on a fixed income many price options for quality medical-grade compression hose.  although ames does carry  the horrendously over-priced jobst and other brands of that ilk, it's a relief to also find an excellent alternative to what i've always considered a shameless gouging of consumers forced to use these hose for medical reasons.”- mary hilliard“i am a repeat customer and always receive great value and perfect service.”- ruby allman"absolutely no problems when dealing with this company.  have ordered on line for several years and always received my order as placed. the pricing is reasonable and the products durable and attractive.  glad to have an opportunity to express my opinions."- deane everett"i purchased three pair of sheer pantyhose and had to return them due to a size problem. your customer service was outstanding and i received my new order promptly. the style 33 pantyhose i wear are far superior to any other pantyhose i've worn. thank you so much."- tom l., ny"best price, delivery and product use. would definitely buy from ames walker again.""i have ordered from ames walker in the past. the products always arrive in a timely manner. the socks that i have ordered now and in the past are excellent. ames walker has saved me lots of money through out the years. in comparrison to shopping at a medical supply store or even a drug store. i have told my doctor about ames walker support hose. my doctor has called me several times and wanted to know what i thought about your socks. i said-these are the best that i have purchased in a long time. my doctor now recomended ames walker to  her patients. i have told lots of friends about ames walker; even perfect strangers here and there. you have a really great product. i believe i am very fortunate to have found your product on the internet."- randall wright"i am ordering my first aw knee highs. the testamonials are impressive and the price is better than jobst's similar knee highs."- louise mandell"i ordered these sheer knee highs for my 80 year old mother.  (her dr recommended them.)  she is very satisfied with everything regarding this order and the product is excellent!"- mary h."these are wonderful socks. i'm very happy with them. excellent customer service & very fast shipping!""support hosiery can be very expensive and so far i really like my ames products.  they were significantly less costly than others i have bought.  very professional.  shipped quickly.  would shop there again.  love the compression crew socks."- jacqueline p."i've placed three orders and have received the items within one week in california.  when i placed an order for two family members with different sizes, i received a phone call to verify my order was correct.  i appreciate their effort to make sure my order was correct before shipping."- norma binkley"thank you for the travel socks. we both love them. what a great product."- pam & john"i have ordered twice from ames. i received my orders in record time.i had to phone in once and my problem was handled quickly and efficiently."- arthur hamel"style 167, aw women's travel socks 15-20. these are wonderful put them on when we boarded the plane in rome took them off in ma and my feet had not swollen a bit. that never happened before.""what's best about ames walker is the customer service. you can count on them for fast shipping, reasonable prices, and, importantly, courteous returns if anything goes wrong, and the result is that i don't buy my compression stockings anywhere else.""i am a first time user of having to wear compression knee hi socks. i thought, oh sure, i'll go ahead and get some. but i'll never wear them.  was i wrong!! i love them!! i am about to order more. they are so comfortable. and they make my legs feel so good. i recommend them!!!!!"- yvonne"this is my second major purchase from ames walker. i am a healthcare professional who stands most of the day. i love the compression socks. they're comfortable and they wash easily.  no one knows that i'm wearing them unless i tell them.""finding the ames walker store was a great discovery for me. i have a slight varicose vein problem and use compression garments on and off. however, one garment that i couldn't do without is compression athletic socks, as i play volleyball and it is a great strain on the legs. i used to search amazon for great deals on athletic support socks and ended up with prices between 35 and 50 a pair. at ames walker, you can get the aw brand for about 15 dollars. as far as i can tell, the compression effect around the ankle is the same as the pricier brads, while i did notice the fabric lose some of its elasticity and therefore compression properties higher up towards the knee. the aw sock still works for me, as i can see by the condition of my legs after volleyball practice." "my experience with ames walker and their products has always been pleasant."- b.s."the aw brand carriers economic versions of most types of compression hosiery, but the choice is up to you--you can also get the 60 dollar mediven and the 150 dollar sigvaris from them. as for myself, given that my vein condition is very slight, and the fact that i need lots of good athletic socks, i appreciate the opportunity to get budget compression socks from this store, because i think the difference in quality is not too significant.""i have found complete satisfaction with the coolmax over the calf support socks.  when my cardiologist suggested support hose for some ankle swelling, i remembered a page i had bookmarked on the internet.  support hose for those who are on their feet or walking all day.  not only do they give the same compression as the expensive ones found in the drugstore, but they are comfortable in hot weather (i live in az) and provide complete relief from the tired legs you get at the end of a day if you are constantly on your feet.  all this, and a price tag less than 1/2 of the drugstore brand and they last longer and are certainly more stylish.  now, that bookmark is annotated with the word, more socks. for when i return to buy them again.  ames walker gets my recommendation as a quality merchant.""i've placed several orders with this merchant.  i always get excellent service and great products!""the best compression stocking on the market; recommended by physicians and vein clinicians.  ordering is easy and delivery is fast."- donna miller"what keeps me coming back to ames walker is the customer service. this was a reorder after one set of socks didn't work out for us. the return process was a breeze, and the amount for the earlier order was promptly refunded. i don't buy my support socks from anywhere else."- srinivas gandhi"your customer service at ames walker is terific!!"- june brandl, roseville, m n"customer service person raquel was super. her knowledge of the product line was unbelievable."- richard, ohio"i have worn compression panty hose for 13 years since a dvt and post-phlebetic syndrome diagnosis.  i wore the hose my doctor prescribed, custom-fit, heavy, seamed, ugly, and hot!  i needed some new ones, but absolutely dreaded getting them.  i decided to try your ames walker style 33, 20-30 compression.  all i can say is "wow!!!"  i love the fit, love the sheerness.  i seldom wore dresses for years because of how ugly my old 'grandma' hose were.  now, i love to wear dresses again, and feel feminine again.  thanks, ames walker, again for a great product."- alice rayburg, arcanum, oh"i just want you to know how much i appreciate you people!!!! i just bought socks (style 180) for my diabetic friend and he loves them and his feet and legs feel so much better..he stands at work for 12 hours a day and now he doesn't have the foot pain he had before.  he loves his socks.  just wanted you to know and wanted to say thank you for being there. life is better now.tell everyone thanks"- lucy robideau"thank you so much, angela, love your stockings - reasonable price and love the color and they stay up so well too (compared to other more expensive i've had) and the friendly prompt service is a plus too.  i will continue buying from you as long as i need to wear them.  hope you all have a nice 4th of july..."- rosalie"ames walker was a pleasure to deal with. i received immediate delivery, and their product is excellent. i unhesitatingly recommend them."- jack c., ga"my dad loves the socks i bought from ames walker, and believe me, he is a hard one to please, so thank you!!"- amy e., pa"very satisfied with the service. had some trouble with the on-line order so used the 1-800 and got great service."- huo n., mn"the orders came through exactly as ordered both times. the shipping cost was nominal. delivery was in reasonable time by postal mail. the product seems to be excellent."- gene o., ny"i have always received the best of service from this company. there products are excellent and just as good or better than the name brands."- pat c., tx"i had a problem with size. it was taken care of (no problem)"- joe d., co"i am very pleased with the way my order was handled including the delivery. also had an exchange and it was handled very nicely and the turn around was quick."- peg c. va"a smooth transaction. buying things on the web should always be like this. thanks."- scott s., fl"my experiences dealing with representatives regarding info on ordering and assistance with sizing were great. also when things don't turn out as well as i would like ames is very helpful in trying to solve problems."- john h. az"ordering my support stockings from ames walker went swiftly and without a glitch. the order was correct and i received it promptly. it was a pleasureable experience to deal with this company."- mildred n., az."i'm delighted with the product and the speed with which i received it."- naomi r., nj"i was delighted to find a product with ames that i'd tried unsuccessfully to order before from two other online companies. the price turned out to be even better than advertised because of some seasonal special applied unexpectedly to my order."- richard b., ca"i have flown all over the world with my ames walker socks, knee hi's and other hosiery products protecting my legs on 20+ hour flights, walking the boulevards of the world's capitals and i never go anywhere without them -- while my needs when i am home are less, in this case your products were an absolute lifesaver and i'm happy to share that with you and other customers."- joanna b., chicago il "i have flown all over the world with my ames walker socks, knee hi's and other hosiery products protecting my legs on 20+ hour flights, walking the boulevards of the world's capitals and i never go anywhere without them -- while my needs when i am home are less, in this case your products were an absolute lifesaver and i'm happy to share that with you and other customers."- joanna b., chicago il "just a quick note to tell you how much i like your c60 figure 8 ankle support.  i am a trail runner and once in a while roll my ankle.  your product is the only ankle brace i have ever found that provides great support without the annoying seam across the bottom (plantar) section of the foot.  all other products either fail to provide adequate support or have an annoyingly painful seam on the sole of my foot. well done!"- bill "i have been purchasing support pantyhose from ames walker for over 5 years and their hosiery, customer service, and delivery have been nothing but first rate."- tom, ny "thank you for the buysafe guarantee, i have been using your product for the last 15 years. great product and a great price! thank you."- jack "they have been prompt responding to questions that i have had about their products. i will be doing business with them again."- e.m. "i have worn sigvarius 30 to 40 thigh high compression support hosiery for years and years.  they seem to be the only brand that will fit my legs and keep me from getting blood clots in my legs.  i have also purchased them for years from this same company.  while the prices are extremely high for my income, they are even higher if i try to buy them locally, and i generally cannot get the correct size locally.  thank goodness, this company has one or two sales a year so that's when i try to buy two or three pairs to keep me going.  i have dealt with them on the phone, ordered by phone, and via the internet as well.  they have bent over backward by phone to get me what i need and were always so very kind.  i cannot speak highly enough about ames walker. i truly believe has i not found them years and years ago, i probably wouldn't be here now.  i think they helped keep be above ground."- k.h. "their products are top notch and perform as advertised. the one time i contacted customer service, the response to my email was by someone who obviously read and understood my email, had checked records, and given me the correct information." "thanks aw for my free gift. i did not know that i have qualified for this when i placed my order.  i love the gloves. what a life safer, did not know what i was missing. it makes it very easy to put your hose on. i love your product and your pricing. also, thanks for the great service."- marie "i have been a customer for many years. their prices are competitive, the service is excellent. i buy the cool-max sport socks. they look like regular knee-high socks and seem to last forever. excellent product."- m.m. "thank you indeed you always provide fantastic service and products at great prices and i will be a customer for ever and have been." - kind regards suzanne "ames walker is quick, consistent, and the product information is simple and complete.  i buy only one product from ames and every purchase has been very satisfactory, as has the product itself.  one time i ordered the wrong item in error: ames processed the return quickly and issued a refund just as quickly.  i rate ames walker as a superior online vendor."- gerald studley "i have been so pleased with aw and their business professionalism that i feel obligated to compliment and thank them. i have been a demanding customer and have always been treated with respect and service well above normal. it's not often; but, every chance i get, i happily recommend your company to my acquaintances. thank you."- van k. ball " i have been using your product for the last 15 years. great product and a great price! thank you."- jack "just a quick note to tell you how much i like your c60 figure 8 ankle support. i am a trail runner and once in a while roll my ankle. your product is the only ankle brace i have ever found that provides great support without the annoying seam across the bottom (plantar) section of the foot. all other products either fail to provide adequate support or have an annoyingly painful seam on the sole of my foot."- bill albrets "i've been using ames walker sheer support hose and support socks for several years.  the customer service has always been top notch.  when i couldn't determine which socks i needed to reorder, i called to request help, mailed a worn out sock and they were able to determine which sock i should order to replace the worn ones which were a couple years old."- barbara lloyd "thank you for the extremely valuable gift of a safe warranty of my credit. i have never experienced this type of guarantee and appreciate your thoughtfulness as a company. i also want to thank you for the extremely efficient, pleasant, and speedy customer service rep who helped me with my order. additionally, your telephone system is great (compared to many that take an infinite amount of patience and time). summary,  your rep was helpful and so friendly, your telephone service commendable, and above all, you have a great product. it's refreshing to know an american product is still around and doing a fantastic job. thank you." - sheila smith "thank you for being such a wonderfully patient and caring company. my legs and ankles will love you"- susanne hindman "thank you so much for this protection. in this day and age, anything i send for i am leary of.  however, i am a senior and appreciate being able to do this ordering in my house. always have a good experience with your company. even if i have to return anything, pleasant people take care of me."- barbara russart "i love to shop at ames walker they have the best prices for the support hose that i wear.  it's so easy to order them on line.  i wear the jobst relief stockings.  i have had 6 different drs. telling me to wear the support stockings.  keep up the good work ames walker.  thank you for being there."- eileen disavino "i'd like to thank you and laura very much for the fast and efficient service you have provided me in sending two pair of shoes! the service has been above and beyond the call of duty, and i truly appreciate your work. when i need more orthopedic shoes in the future, i will definitely be a repeat customer."- kathy reilly "i just want to let you know what you are probably already aware....your customer service specialist, melanie baker is outstanding. i inadvertently made an error when i ordered support stockings for my mother. today, 3/18/15 i called the number on the invoice and was fortunate to reach ms. baker. i have never had to return with ames walker before and ms. baker could not have been nicer, more pleasant, helpful and patient. i am a full time caregiver for my mother which is stressful and leaves me little time for anything else. ms. baker treated me as if i was her friend and made the return and reorder an extremely pleasant experience. wish i could thank her personally. she is an asset to your company."- colette vaughn sign up for exclusive savings from ames walker! shop ames walker brand diabetic active & athletic plus size hosiery anti-embolism lounge doctor travel outlet accessories maternity shop ames walker brand diabetic active & athletic plus size hosiery anti-embolism lounge doctor travel outlet accessories maternity about about us contact us why choose us? testimonials wholesalers customer service shipping returns coupons coupon policy e-gift cards your health leg health lymphedema education our blog faq copyright 2018 ames walker privacy policy sitemap