来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201220142608/https://www.ameswalker.com/pages/customer-support
================================================================================

customer support | compression | ames walker low price guarantee page 1 created with sketch. 1-877-525-7224 my account cart 0cart menu search compression ames walker brand masks lounge doctor lymphedema shoes pain relief all brands shop by women women's compression socks women's compression knee highs women's pantyhose women's thigh highs plus size compression hosiery women’s stylish colors and patterns donning accessories shop by men men's compression socks men's knee highs men's thigh highs men's waist highs men’s stylish colors and patterns donning accessories shop by compression level mild (8-15 mmhg) moderate (15-20 mmhg) firm (20-30 mmhg) extra firm (30-40mmhg) severe (40-50mmhg) 50-60 mmhg shop maternity maternity compression hosiery maternity support shop compression wraps upper body lymphedema/ armsleeves lower body lymphedema shop travel women's travel socks & hosiery men's travel socks shop active and athletic wear athletic socks and leg sleeves athletic braces and supports athletic armsleeves coolmax socks and sleeves shop diabetic socks & creams diabetic ankle and crew socks diabetic knee high socks diabetic creams and lotions shop hosiery and sock brands ames walker cep circaid dr. comfort hosiery fla activa healthtrak socks jobst® juzo medi (mediven) sigvaris® sockwell therafirm truform upsurge venosan vim & vigr zensah shop aw women aw protective mask aw women's compression socks aw women's compression hosiery aw active and athletic wear aw women's travel socks and hosiery aw coolmax socks aw diabetic socks aw maternity wear aw armsleeves and gauntlets aw braces and supports aw accessories shop aw men aw protective mask aw men's compression socks aw men's compression stockings aw active and athletic wear aw men's travel socks aw coolmax socks aw diabetic socks aw braces and supports aw accessories shop aw compression levels aw mild (8-15 mmhg) aw moderate (15-20 mmhg) aw firm (20-30 mmhg) aw extra firm (30-40 mmhg) shop product line aw soft sheers aw sheer support aw signature sheers aw microfiber opaque hosiery aw luxury opaque hosiery aw medical support hosiery aw anti-embolism stockings aw women's compression socks aw men's compression socks aw arm sleeves & gauntlets ames walker mask aw protective mask ames walker anti-microbial mask ames walker protective face mask for kids lounge doctor shop leg rests and accessories shop pillow and accessories shop lymphedema bandages upper body / armsleeves lower body shop lymphedema brands circaid compression wraps jobst farrowwraps sigvaris compression wraps juzo compression wraps aw arm sleeves & gauntlets lounge doctor leg rest wero swiss bandages biosupportmd comprilan women's shoe styles dress shoes casual shoes boots walking and running shoes sandals / flip-flops slippers velcro shoes insoles and orthotics men's shoe styles dress shoes casual shoes boots walking and running shoes sandals / flip-flops slippers velcro shoes insoles and orthotics women's shoe brands apex shoes drew shoes dr. comfort shoes orthofeet shoes propet shoes revere shoes men's shoe brands apex shoes drew shoes dr. comfort shoes propet shoes orthofeet shoes revere shoes shop by body part foot or ankle support hand and wrist support elbow support knee support back, core, or shoulder support shin/calf support shop by condition arthritis carpal tunnel hernia hot or cold therapy plantar fasciitis tennis elbow shop by brand aw braces and supports fla orthopedics lounge doctor medi braces and supports new balance supports nufabrx orthosleeve supports therall supports zensah braces & supports biosupportmd brands ames walker apex biosupportmd cep circaid dr. comfort hosiery dr. comfort shoes drew fla activa fla orthopedics healthtrak socks jobst® juzo lounge doctor medi (mediven) new balance nufabrx orthofeet orthosleeve propet revere sigvaris® sockwell therafirm therall truform upsurge venosan vim & vigr wero swiss zensah customer support if this is your first time ordering from us, we would first like to say “thank you” for giving us an opportunity to serve you. you are not alone when you’re shopping at ames walker. we will help you every step of the way to ensure your comfort and satisfaction. whether you need to place an order, ask for assistance selecting the proper product, or if you need additional information, our team of certified experts is here to help with over 50 years combined experience. if you are a returning customer, thank you so much for the trust you place in us. we will continue to deliver the widest selection, lowest prices and attentive customer service that have made us your choice for so many years. requests for more information you may order from us, request a catalog, or contact us from our website 24/7. for the fastest response to any of your questions, you may reach us during our regular business hours. we do our best to respond to any questions or requests for information within the next business day. hours of operation: monday-thursday, 8:30am-8pm friday, 8:30am-7pm saturday, 9am-4pm est toll free line: 1-877-525-7224 direct line: +1 336-355-7577 fax: 1-336-629-0632 email: customerservice@ameswalker.com order in the manner that suits you best order 24/7 directly from this secure website call our team of certified experts 1-877-525-7224 fax your order to 1-336-355-7577 mail your order to ames walker at 300 industrial park ave, asheboro, nc 27205 95% of ameswalker orders ship within 1-2 business days. orders placed during a sale or holiday may take us a little more time, but don’t worry, we will work hard to get all orders out as quickly as possible! we accept visa®, master card®, american express®, discover®, paypal®, personal check, or money order. our credit card is charged when you place your order. we will send you an email confirmation when you place your order and when your order is shipped. we will also notify you by e-mail or phone in the rare instance when there is a problem fulfilling your order. for check or money orders by mail: please enclose your check or money order along with your order form. order forms are available to print by clicking here, or you may find one included on the inside back page from one of our catalogs. please send the order form with the check or money order in advance to ames walker international, 300 industrial park ave, asheboro nc, 27205. shipping information and rates free shipping on all usa standard orders- always! *spend over $100 & you will be automatically upgraded to free priority shipping in your shopping cart! 95% of ames walker orders ship from our warehouse within 1-2 business days. we offer free shipping on all orders within the united states. no minimum order is required! select our standard shipping option for us orders to receive free shipping. allow 3-10 business days to receive your order within the continental u.s. for orders to puerto rico, other us territories, and military apo's, please allow 7-14 business days to receive your order. for insurance purposes, a signature may be required on orders over $200 in value, unless you waive this by telling us in the comments box when placing your order. please note: ups does not deliver to po boxes and requires a physical address. ups does not deliver on weekends or holidays. expedited shipping charges are non-refundable. additional shipping charges may occur for expedited shipping on shoes or heavier items. customer service will contact you if there is an increase in shipping. to check the status of any order, simply set up an account when you place your order or call us toll free at 1-877-525-7224 or at 1-336-355-7577 to inquire. we also offer a wide variety of additional shipping options below so you can choose the shipping method that’s perfect for you. for shipments within the us: free standard shipping - anywhere in the us, puerto rico, other us territories, and military apo’s (allow 3-10 business days for orders to the continental us; 7-14 days to other us locales) usps first class mail (3-7 business days) - anywhere in the us, puerto rico, other us territories, and military apo's - $2.99 usps priority shipping (2-4 business days) - anywhere in the us, puerto rico, other us territories, and military apo's - $7.95 ups ground (2-5 business days) - anywhere within the continental us - $7.95 ups 3-day select (3 business days) - anywhere within the continental us - $11.95 ups 2-day air (1-2 business days) - anywhere within the continental us - $17.95 ups overnight (1 business day) - anywhere within the continental us - $29.95 for international shipments* standard shipping - canada (4-10 business days) - $5.95 standard shipping - international (7-14 business days) - $19.95 usps priority mail international (6-10 business days) - $29.95 usps priority mail express international (3-5 business days) - $44.95 ups worldwide express (1-3 business days) - shipping to anywhere ups services around the globe - $99.95 *international shipments are based on an average package weight of 1 pound or less. international shipments weighing over 1 pound may incur additional shipping charges. shipments sent outside the us may also incur an import duty, excise tax, vat or other charges from the government of the destination country. persons receiving the shipments are legally obligated to pay the duty and vat charges. please take note - ames walker does not collect any duty or tax on international shipments and cannot be responsible for any of these charges. we also offer us airmail for countries outside of the us and canada as a standard shipping method. (local customs / duty may be charged). rates for international orders shipped by us airmail are built into our online shopping cart. we are not responsible for untraceable airmail orders or local customs. for further assistance, including additional information on shipping options and rates, please contact us at customerservice@ameswalker.com or call us at 1-336-355-7557 or toll-free at 1-877-525-7224. the ames walker three month return policy! up to three months to return items: within 3 months of the original purchase date, a new item in it's original, sealed packaging may be exchanged. within 30 days of the original purchase date, a new item in its original, sealed packaging, can be returned for a full product refund or for an exchange. items that have been opened, including items that have been gently worn, can be exchanged within 30 days of the original purchase date. please launder any gently worn items before returning. shoes may only be returned if unworn in new condition with the original box and tags attached (if applicable). items marked for final sale or non-returnable on our website may not be returned or exchanged. exchanges are shipped once we receive and process your returned package. if you don't have time to wait on the exchange, then it's best to place a new order and you will be credited for the item you are returning once your return is received and processed. if your package does not contain a return information form on the back of your enclosed invoice, we ask that you please call for a return authorization #, then use this return shipping label for free return shipping. note: please call for an ra # first if the return form is not included on the back of your invoice. **for lounge doctor items, while we do accept returns, we cannot offer free return shipping. for details and instructions on returns outside of the us, please reach us by phone at 336-355-7577. you may also email us at customerservice@ameswalker.com using the prepaid return label (usa only) complete and enclose the return form included with your original order. please keep the left portion of your order form for your records. use an appropriate shipping box or shipping bag or return your item(s) to us. cover or remove any original mailing address labels or carrier barcodes from package. when returning shoes, do not use the shoebox as your shipping package. affix the prepaid shipping label to the package. if you no longer have the prepaid shipping label, please ship your return to: ames walker, 300 industrial park ave, asheboro, nc 27205 securely repackage your order. drop off the package at any u.s. postal service mailbox or post office or leave it for your mail carrier. *please allow up to 14 business days for your return or exchange to arrive and be processed. *disclaimer: prices and colors are subject to change without notice, jobst®, juzo®, sigvaris®, mediven® and other select brands require minimum prices on many items. further, any typographic and photographic errors are unintentional. we sincerely apologize, but we cannot be considered liable. we appreciate your business and will do our best to make the appropriate revisions on our site. your cart x your cart is empty. special instructions for ames walker to use a coupon code, please continue to checkout. subtotal: continue shopping save an additional 5% when you purchase 3 or more of the same aw brand product. sign up for exclusive savings from ames walker! open modal shop ames walker brand diabetic multi packs plus size hosiery anti-embolism lounge doctor travel outlet maternity shop ames walker brand diabetic multi packs plus size hosiery anti-embolism lounge doctor travel outlet maternity about about us contact us why choose us? testimonials wholesalers customer service shipping returns coupons coupon policy e-gift cards track your order your health leg health lymphedema education our blog faq copyright 2020 ames walker privacy policy sitemap thank you for subscribing. you've been added to our list and will hear from us soon. close