来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231030335/https://www.burton.co.uk/page/cs-terms-of-use.html
================================================================================

terms of use skip to content (press enter) skip to footer (press enter) your browser’s javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. you are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the compatibility view mode your cookies are disabled. to experience the full world of sfra, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. by enabling them, you are agreeing to our cookie policy payday weekend 30% off everything* the sale | up to 80% off burton unlimited next day delivery was £9.99 now just £6.99 wish list offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 new in new in view all new in new in suits new in shirts new in trousers new in jumpers & knitwear new in jackets & coats new in shoes new in accessories ​ shop by category essential suits ​ premium suits ​ performance suits ​ offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 shop new in clothing clothing view all clothing suits shirts coats & jackets jeans jumpers & knitwear t-shirts & tops trousers chinos & cargos smart trousers blazers hoodies & sweatshirts polo shirts joggers shorts accessories view all accessories hats, scarves & gloves bags & wallets belts ties & pocket squares shop by fit big & tall clothing muscle fit shop by edit wedding shop  new going out outfits workwear bestsellers wardrobe essentials holiday clothing black tie outfits denim fit guide offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 shop clothing suits suits view all suits 2 piece suits 3 piece suits double breasted suits suit jackets suit trousers waistcoats tuxedos blazers shop by fit slim fit suits skinny fit suits tailored fit suits shop by edit essential suits premium suits performance suits tweed & wool suits wedding suits check suits black tie suits business suits complete the look formal shirts formal shoes ties & pocket squares belts shop by colour black suits blue suits brown suits burgundy suits grey suits offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 shop suits shirts shirts view all shirts formal shirts casual shirts long sleeve shirts short sleeve shirts white shirts oxford shirts check shirts offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 shop shirts shoes shoes view all shoes brogues derby shoes boat shoes formal shoes loafers oxford shoes trainers boots boots chukka boots chelsea boots shop by material leather shoes suede shoes leather boots offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 shop shoes wedding wedding outfits view all wedding shop wedding suits groomsmen suits wedding guest outfits waistcoats wedding shirts ​ wedding ties & pocket squares ​ wedding shoes​ shop by edit tailored suits tweed & wool suits black tie wedding tuxedos check suits offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 shop wedding outfits workwear workwear view all work shirts work trousers blazers business suits coats & jackets jumpers & knitwear white shirts black trousers performance suits work from home complete the look smart shoes ties & pocket squares offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 shop workwear sale sale view all sale suits sale coats & jackets sale shirts sale jumpers & knitwear sale jeans sale trousers & chinos sale shoes sale t-shirts & tops sale hoodies & sweatshirts sale polo shirts sale shorts sale accessories sale shop by size xs sale s sale m sale l sale xl sale waist size 30" sale 32" sale 34" sale 36" sale 38" sale 40" sale shop by fit big & tall sale offers 30% off everything* final clearance up to 80% off unlimited delivery for £6.99 free delivery on orders over £60 shop sale search sign in / register wish list payday weekend 30% off everything* the sale | up to 80% off burton unlimited next day delivery was £9.99 now just £6.99 terms of website use these terms of use, together with the policies and terms referred to below, set out the rules for using www.burton.co.uk (“our site”), whether as a guest or a registered user. use of our site includes accessing, browsing, shopping on or registering to use our site. please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site. we recommend that you print and keep a copy of these terms of use for future reference. by using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. if you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site. these are the legal terms and conditions under which we supply the products (“products”) listed on our site to you. please read these terms and conditions carefully before ordering any products from our site. using our site indicates that you accept these terms and conditions together with our privacy notice here and terms and conditions of sale here, regardless of whether or not you choose to register with us. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, our privacy notice here or our terms of use, do not use our site. information about us www.burton.co.uk is a site operated by burton online limited (“we”). we are a limited company registered in england and wales under company number 13158671 and with our registered office at 49/51 dale street, manchester, england m1 2hf. our uk vat number is 185 4874 61. other applicable terms should you wish to purchase any goods shown or advertised on our site, the supply of those goods will be subject to our terms and conditions of sale here. our privacy notice here (which sets out the terms on which we process your personal data) and our cookie policy here (which sets out information about the cookies on our site) will also apply to your use of our site. changes to these terms of use we may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms of use to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. access to our site our site is made available free of charge. we do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. we may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site at any time without notice. we will not be liable to you if for any reason all or part of our site is unavailable or interrupted at any time or for any period. you are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. you are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them. your account and password you may access most areas of our site without registering your details with us, but certain areas of our site will only be open to you if you register with us. if you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential and not disclose it to any third party. we have the right to disable any user identification code, password or account at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use. if you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at [email protected] your use of our site you may use our site only for lawful purposes. you may not use our site: • in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law, regulation or code of practice; • in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; • in any way that infringes any intellectual property right or right to privacy; and/or • to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation to any person. you also agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of these terms of use. breach of any of these conditions of use of our site constitutes a material breach of these terms of use. interactive services we may from time to time provide interactive services to you on our site. for example, we may allow you to leave reviews of our products. use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. by submitting any content to our site or through our interactive services, you agree that we shall have a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide right and licence to use, reproduce, distribute and make available such content on our site and in our marketing materials. we may, from time to time, if we consider it appropriate, moderate any interactive service provided on our site. however, we are under no obligation to do so. moderation may be carried out automatically and/or manually, by us or by a third party on our behalf. any content posted on our site by users through any interactive service does not necessarily reflect the opinions, views, values or ideals of burton online limited or our personnel. we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of these terms of use, whether the service is moderated or not. if you wish to complain about information or materials uploaded to our site by other users please contact us on [email protected] content standards you must ensure that any and all information and material which you post to our site (user content) and use of any interactive services associated with it complies with following standards. user content must be accurate (where it states facts), be genuinely held (where it states opinions) and comply with applicable law in the uk and in any country from which it is posted. product reviews will only be accepted from genuine, verified purchasers in the correct language for the relevant website and will not be accepted from our employees. user content must not: • contain any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, hateful, malicious or inflammatory or which promotes violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; • infringe any intellectual property right of any other person; • be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence; • be threatening, abusive or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person; • disclose the name, address, telephone, mobile or fax number, e-mail address or any other personal data in respect of any other person. in the case of product reviews, you may include your first name and location in your review, but should not include any other personal information; • be likely to deceive any person or be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person; • give the impression that it emanates from us, if this is not the case; • advocate, promote or assist any illegal activity or unlawful act; or • contain any advertising or promote any goods or services or links to other websites. we will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of these content standards through your use of our site. when a breach of these content standards has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate and reserve the right to reject publication of any such user content or delete such user content from our site. if we reject a product review, we may send it back to you with an explanation of why it has been rejected and we may give you the opportunity to edit and resubmit your review. failure to comply with these content standards constitutes a material breach of these terms of use. you will be responsible and will compensate us for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of you breaching these content standards. viruses, hacking and other offences we do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. you are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. you should use your own virus protection software. you must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. you must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. you must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. by breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the computer misuse act 1990. we will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. in the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. intellectual property rights all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it, are owned by us and our licensors. those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. all such rights are reserved. you may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site. you must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. you must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. if you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. our trade marks are registered burton and the logos for these marks are trade marks of burton online limited. you are not permitted to use these trade marks without our approval, unless they are part of any material you are using as permitted above. changes to our site we may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. however, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it. we do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions. no reliance on information the content on our site is provided for general information only. it is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. you must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site. although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date. limitation of our liability in respect of your use of our site we do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. this includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. if you are a business user: • we exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it; • we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with use of or inability to use our site, or use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site; and • we will not be liable for: o loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; o business interruption; o loss of anticipated savings; o loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; o waste of management or office time; or o any indirect or consequential loss or damage. if you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. you agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of any business of yours (including but not limited to the types of loss and damage excluded in respect of business users set out in the paragraph above). the security of communications sent over the internet (including by e-mail) is subject to many factors outside of our control. we do not guarantee the security or confidentiality of any electronic communications. we shall have no liability for your inability to connect to or to access our site which may result from any faults, errors or problems relating to your pc hardware, software, network or security, or your internet service provider or any other similar problem. we assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. we have no control over those websites and will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. our rights if we determine, in our discretion, that there has been a breach of these terms of use, we may take such action as we deem appropriate, which may include issuing a warning to you, withdrawing your right to use our site, taking legal proceedings against you and/or disclosing such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary. linking to our site you may link pages of our site to your personal social media accounts where social media sharing plug-ins are available on our site. any other linking to our site is prohibited without our prior written consent. you must not establish a link to our site: • in a way that is not fair or legal or which damages our reputation or takes advantage of it; • in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists; or • in any website that includes unlawful or fraudulent content, has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect or breaches the content standards set out above. you must not frame our site on any other site or create a link to any part of our site other than the home page without our prior written consent. we reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. if you wish to make any use of content on our site other than permitted in these terms of use, please contact [email protected] third party links and resources in our site where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties (including where our social media sharing plug-ins include links to third party sites), these links are provided for your information only. we have no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. applicable law please note that these terms of use or any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or use of our site (whether or not contractual) shall be governed by english law. if you are a consumer, your use of our site will be governed by english law, except that if you are not resident in england then english law shall apply only to the extent that it does not override any mandatory laws of the country in which you have your usual place of residence. if you are a consumer, you and we both agree that the courts of england and wales shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute or claim arising from, or related to, these terms of use or use of our site (including non-contractual disputes or claims), save that nothing shall limit your legal rights to bring actions against us or to require proceedings to take place in the place of your residence. if you are a business or are using our site for business purposes, you and we both irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of england and wales. contact us if you wish to contact us in respect of our site, please contact us at [email protected] thank you for visiting our site. quick links track my order help returns delivery info help & information help & information help returns delivery info size guide terms of use terms & conditions privacy policy about cookies about us & more about us & more gift cards burton app burton unlimited delivery student discount key worker discount environment & social responsibility modern slavery statement sustainability klarna clearpay paypal careers extra 15% off everything!* subscribe to exclusive offers and the inside info. your promo code will be sent by email asap. * by signing up, you agree to privacy and cookie policies subscribe *extra 15% discount is for new subscribers only. by subscribing, you agree to receive marketing communications from burton by email. you can unsubscribe at any point. follow us country choose a country uk £ eu € ie € copyright © 2023 burton.co.uk ltd. all rights reserved terms & conditions privacy policy