来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241229141013/https://www.burton.co.uk/pages/informational/returns
================================================================================

returns | informational | burton search search search account wishlistcart outletshop by categoryview all outletclothing outletsuits outlett-shirts & tops outletshirts outletpolo shirts outlettrousers & chinos outletjeans outletcoats & jackets outletshorts outletjumpers & knitwear outlethoodies & sweatshirts outletshoes & accessories outletshoes outletaccessories outlettrainers outletboots outletbags outletoutlet watchesshop by body fitbig & tall outletofferssingles' day weekend | extra 20% off all burton | code: singlesup to 40% off winter warmersthreadbare at least 20% offbrave soul at least 20% offfree super saver! delivery on all orders over £60students! treat yourself with an extra 10% off with unidayscalling all students! get 20% off with student beansburton unlimited membership. join now!new inshop all new inview all new arrivalsnew in clothingnew in knitwearnew in shirtsnew in shoes & bootsnew in suitstrending nowautumn shopautumn outfitstuxedospartywearchristmas jumpersdenimsmart casualclothingclothingview all clothingjumpers & knitwearshirtsjackets & coatsjeanshoodies & sweatshirtschinosblazerstrouserspolo shirtsjoggerst-shirts & topsshortssmart trouserssuitscargosactivewearaccessoriesview all accessoriesunderwearbeltssockshats, scarves & gloveswatchesbagsties & pocket squaressunglasseswallets & cardholderscufflinksgiftsshop by body fitbig & tall clothingshop by editautumn outfitsparty outfitsworkwearmost loved styleswedding shopsmart casualautumnknitwearshirtsjeanscoats & jacketstopschinoshoodies & sweatshirtspolo shirtstrainersshop by brandbase londonben shermanburtonfrench connectionkg kurt geigermaineracing greenraging bullray-bantom fordsuitssuitsview all suitssuit jacketssuit trouserstuxedosdouble breasted suitsblazerswaistcoatsshop by fitslim fit suitstailored fit suitsskinny fit suitsshop by editessential suitspremium suitstweed suitsbusiness suitsblack tie suitsvelvet suitscheck suitsperformance suitsweddingview all wedding shopwedding suitsgroomsmen suitswedding guest outfitswaistcoatswedding shirtswedding shoeswedding ties & pocket squarescomplete the lookformal shirtsformal shoesties & pockets squaresshop suits by colourblack suitsblue suitsbrown suitsgrey suitsburgundy suitsshop by brandalexander pacebase londonben shermanburtonjeff bankshammond & cokg kurt geigerracing greenshoesshoesview all shoesformal shoestrainersloafersbroguesderby shoesoxford shoessandals & flip flopsbootsview all bootschelsea bootschukka bootsdesert bootswalking bootsshop by materialleather shoessuede shoesleather bootsshop by brandalexander pacebase londonben shermanburtondune londonkg kurt geigeroriginal penguinshirtsshirtsview all shirtsformal shirtscasual shirtslong sleeve shirtswhite shirtsoxford shirtsshort sleeve shirtscheck shirtsshop by brandbrave soulburtondouble twofrench connectionmaineoriginal penguinraging bullthreadbaretokoy laundrypartypartyview all partyoxford shirtstrousersblazerspolo shirtschinostrench coatdesert bootsknitwearloaferssmart trainerslook sharptuxedosformal trousersformal shirtsties & pocket squareswaistcoatssuitsovercoatsvelvet suitsdouble breastedcufflinksbroguesblack tiemonk strapspub drinkscasual shirtschristmas jumperschinosjumpersjeanscoats & jacketspolo shirtstrainersovershirtshats, gloves & scarvescomplete the lookshoesbootsties & pocket squaressocksbeltsaftershavehats, gloves & scarveswatchesautumnautumnshop all autumnshop by categoryshirtst-shirts & topspolo shirtscoats & jacketschinostrousershoodies & sweatshirtscargosknitwearnightwearloungewearshoes & bootsshop all shoes & bootsbootstrainerswellieschelsea bootsdesert bootschukka bootsaccessorieshats, gloves & scarvesumbrellassunglassesbagsshop by trendautumndenimworkwearneutralsautumn sportsfootballrugbyfitness equipmentrunningbody & fragranceskincarefragrancehomeautumn decorbeddingduvetssoft furnishingsthrows & blanketselectric blanketsheaterslightingrugscandles & diffuserscushionsbedsweddinggroom & groomsmenshop all mens weddingwedding suitsgroomsman suitswaistcoatsformal shirtsformal trousersformal shoesblue wedding suitsblack wedding suitsburgundy wedding suitsshoesbroguesderby shoesformal shoesloafersmonk shoesaccessoriesties & pocket squareswatchescufflinksbeltssocksshop by fitslim fittailored fitskinny fitbig & tallshop by fabriclinen suitstweed suitscheck suitssportsactiveweargym readysports topssports shortssports trouserssports coats & jacketsfitness equipmentview all fitness equipmentweightsexercise matshome gymsexercise machinesresistance bandssmart watchesfootballview all footballfootball bootsfootball astro trainersfootball shortsfootball topsfootball socksfootball accessoriesfootball boot bagsfootball bagsshop by sportrugbycyclinghiking & walkingyogarunningswimminggolfboxinghomehomeview all homegardenview all gardengarden storagegarden sofa setsgarden chairs & benchesgarden bistro setsgarden decorbbq'sbed essentialsview all bedding essentialsduvets & pillow casesduvetspillowsthrows & blanketsdécor & accessoriesview all décor & accessorieswallpapercandles & diffusersmirrorscushionscurtainslightingrugsfurnitureview all furniturebedsmattressessofas & chairsshelves & bookcasescoffee & side tablesdining tables & chairselectrical appliancesview all electrical appliancesfans & coolerscoffee machinesair fryerskitchen gadgets & accessoriescookingview all cookingoven trays & dishespots & panskitchen & food storagetablewareview all tablewarecutleryplatesglasswaremugs & cupsgroominggroomingview all groomingfragranceview all fragrancesaftershaveeau de parfumeau de toiletteskincareview all skincareexfoliatorsmoisturiserssuncare & tanninglip balmhairview all hair careshampooconditionerbeard careelectricalsview all electricalsbeard trimmershair clippersmen's shaverselectric toothbrushesshop by brandbulldogdunhillmedik8oral-bremingtonsun bumwahlbrandsa-cactivity superstoreadidasalexander pacebabylissbadrhinobarkerbase londonben shermanbenchbraunbrave soulbritish boxersbulldogburtoncanterburycarreracasiocitizencotton tradersd-idickiesdieselduck and coverdunhilldune londonfarah golffind me a giftfrench connectiongrow gorgeoushammond & cohelly hansenhugohush puppieshuxleyhottergantguccij-ljeepjeff bankskg kurt geigerlife interiorsliving & homeluke 1977m-pmainemedik8monclermountain warehouseoakleyoliver peoplesoral-boriginal penguinpersolpeter thomas rothprada sportpringlepolaroidpolicepolo ralph laurenporsche designpure luxuries londonpumar-sracing greenraging bullray-banreebokregattaremingtonsergio tacchiniskecherssock snobsun bumsuperdryt-zted bakerthreadbaretimberlandtokyo laundrytom fordtrespassultrasunumbrowahlsingles' day weekend | extra 20% off all burtoncode: singles your autumn essentialsshop nowup to 40% off winter warmersshop nowsingles' day weekend | extra 20% off all burtoncode: singles your autumn essentialsshop nowup to 40% off winter warmersshop now free super saver delivery on all orders over £60 | shop now free super saver delivery on all orders over £60 | shop nowreturns information returns policy this returns policy applies to goods ordered online at www.burton.co.uk under a contract with debenhams brands limited ("debenhams") and goods ordered under a contract with a third party seller that sells goods on our website www.burton.co.uk or in store (a "concessionaire brand"). references in this returns policy to "we", "us" or "our" shall be deemed to refer to the relevant concessionaire brand where your order relates to a contract with such concessionaire brand or, alternatively, to burton where your order relates to a contract with burton. if you are a customer in the european economic area (eea) and you order an item online, you get 14 calendar days to cancel your order because you have changed your mind. this cancellation period starts from the day you have received all of the items in your order. find out how to return your item(s) under the “how to return an item” heading below. for the avoidance of doubt, your right to cancel does not apply to an in-store purchase. for the avoidance of doubt, your right to cancel does not apply to: an in-store purchase; perishable items (including but not limited to food, alcohol or flowers); unwrapped computer software (including cds and dvds); custom-made items and personalised items; and vitamins or supplements where the seal has been broken. if you receive faulty goods, you may also have a right to return these goods and/or to ask us to repair or replace them or get a refund. items must be returned within 28 days of receipt. items bought in store can only be returned direct to the store. any burton products including beauty which were purchased online can only be returned online and will not be accepted in store. for hygiene reasons, we cannot offer returns or refunds on fashion face masks, cosmetics (including beauty products), pierced jewellery, vitamins and supplements, medicines, toiletries, swimwear or lingerie if the product or item has been used, if the hygiene or product seal has been broken or is no longer in place or if the product is not in its original packaging (if applicable), unless faulty. items of footwear and/or clothing must be unworn and unwashed with the original labels attached. items of homeware including bedlinen, mattresses and toppers, and pillows must be unused and in their original unopened packaging. this does not affect your statutory rights. also, footwear must be tried on indoors. for furniture returns, items must be in new and unused condition, unassembled and in their original packaging. we do not offer any refund or return in respect of: products which are not returned in a saleable condition; perishable items (including but not limited to food, alcohol or flowers); unwrapped computer software (including cds and dvds); custom-made items and personalised items; and vitamins or supplements where the seal has been broken. where we suspect fraudulent activity, including but not limited to circumstances where there are suspicious claims relating to orders having been placed, but not received, or if we suspect that you are returning items after they have been used or worn, or items returned do not match what you ordered, we reserve the right to withhold refunds and block your account (and any associated accounts) from placing orders in future. if this happens to you and you think we’ve made a mistake, you can contact us and we will discuss the matter with you further. faulty goods we’re really sorry to hear that you’ve received an item that’s not in perfect condition. so that we can get this fixed for you please head over to our contact us section. to help us get this fixed for you asap, when you first contact us please include the following information; your name order number product name and code picture of the fault description of the fault (the product name and code can be found on your order confirmation email). if you contact us via the form here please have an image of the faulty item ready for when you receive a reply as you won’t be able to attach the image on the form just yet. cancelling a contract under the consumer contracts regulations (online orders only) if you’re a customer in the uk or eea, you have the legal right to cancel your contract if you change your mind until 14 days after you receive (or someone you nominate receives) the products, unless the products are split into several deliveries over different days. in this case you will have until 14 days after the day you (or someone you nominate) receives the last product ordered under that contract. for the avoidance of doubt, your right to cancel does not apply to: an in-store purchase; perishable items (including but not limited to food, alcohol or flowers); unwrapped computer software (including cds and dvds); custom-made items and personalised items; and vitamins or supplements where the seal has been broken. if you wish to cancel a contract under this section, you just need to communicate this to us within the timescale set out above. if you wish to cancel a contract with debenhams.com online limited and/or the concession brand, the easiest way to do this is to contact us by email at customerservices@burton.com. if you wish to cancel a contract with debenhams brand limited. you may use a copy of the cancellation form available here, but you are not required to do so. if you’re cancelling your contract with us but have already received your order, you’ll need to return the item(s) to us, see how to do this below. you'll then receive a full refund as per the policy above. please note, we cannot offer refunds on cosmetics and pierced jewellery or on swimwear and lingerie (if the hygiene seal is not in place or has been broken). all returns are quality checked – items should be returned in a new and unused condition with labels and tags attached and wherever possible sent back in the original packaging. refunds will not be given if they do not comply with our returns policy. for the avoidance of doubt, your right to cancel does not apply to an in-store purchase. how to return an item & how much does it cost? please note a returns charge of £1.99 per parcel will be deducted from your refund amount. the process for returning your products is dependant on whether the individual item was supplied by burton or by a concession brand. in order to check if your individual item is from a concession brand, please check our concession brand list here before returning your products. for the avoidance of doubt, beauty store purchases must be returned to the store, and cannot be returned online. products purchased online can only be returned online and will not be accepted in the beauty store. for items supplied under a contract with burton: online please use a trackable service and keep your proof of postage receipt until after your refund is processed. you've got 28 days to send something back to us from the day you receive it. if you’ve received an item that’s not in perfect condition please head over to our  contact us section so we can get this fixed for you. no packaging, no problem! just pop your items in something non see-through, sealable & waterproof. items must be unwashed, unworn and with the original labels still attached please keep your orders separate, as returning more than 1 order in 1 parcel may delay your refund. repack your items. login to our returns portal. you will need your order number and email/postcode. select your preferred return option (print returns label at home or in store options). once you have processed your return in the portal you're ready to post it off! make sure you keep proof of postage! keep an eye on your return tracking. you'll get an email once we receive your returned item. start a return now we've gone paperless! you'll no longer receive a delivery note in your parcel. for hygiene reasons, we cannot offer refunds on fashion face masks, cosmetics (including beauty products), pierced jewellery, swimwear or lingerie (if the hygiene or product seal has been broken or is no longer in place). items must be unworn and unwashed with the original labels attached. this does not affect your statutory rights. once a refund has been approved by us we will refund your payment to your original payment method (i.e. card, etc) within 14 days. please be aware that the refund can then take up to 5 days to appear in your bank depending on who you bank with. unfortunately we don't offer an exchange facility. simply return your item(s) and reorder for a replacement. your refund will be processed once we've received your unwanted items. for items supplied under a contract with a concessionaire partners: online please return the item direct to the concessionaire brand that supplied the item by using their returns process. to do so, please follow the instructions provided to return your item that are set out in the delivery note enclosed in your parcel. please note a one off return fee of £1.99 will be deducted from your refund amount. returns are free for premier customers. you will receive a confirmation email once the concessionaire brand has received your parcel and a refund has been processed by the concessionaire brand. unfortunately we don't offer an exchange facility. simply return your item(s) and reorder for a replacement. your refund will be processed once we've received your unwanted items. for items supplied under a contract with burton and our concession partners in the event of a single order consisting of multiple items in which some items are delivered by burton and some by our concession partners, a £1.99 fee will be charged per parcel for any burton items returned. a one off fee of £1.99 will be charged for any concession items (regardless of the number of parcels or number of partners you are returning to) how long does it take to process my return? once a refund has been approved by us we will refund your payment to your original payment method (i.e. card, etc) within 14 days. please be aware that the refund can then take up to 5 days to appear in your bank depending on who you bank with. can i have an exchange instead of a refund? unfortunately we don't offer an exchange facility. simply return your item(s) and reorder for a replacement. your refund will be processed once we've received your unwanted items.let's get to know each othersign up to receive emails from us, so you never miss out on the good stuff.subscribeby submitting your details, you agree to receive marketing communications from burton & our family of brands by email. you can unsubscribe at any point. you also consent to the use of your details in accordance with our privacy policy.shopping with burton unlimited deliverysize guideklarnastudent beansunidaysdebenhams family of brandscustomer care contact usreturn your orderfrequently asked questionsdelivery informationreturns informationtrack your orderprivacy & legal privacy policyterms & conditionsabout cookiesterms of useconcessionaire brandssurvey terms & conditionsmore from burton download the appabout burtoncareers at burtonmodern slavery statementdownload our app follow us on social mediadownload our app copyright © 2024 burton