来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250126112254/https://www.cookieskids.com/privacy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy and security at cookie's kids accessibility: if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 877.942.6654 for assistance. extra 15% off plus free standard shipping* use code: november extra 15% off plus free standard shipping* use code: november free standard shipping within contiguous u.s. on all orders over $75 with code: freeship. 15% off school uniforms & 10% off everything else! use code: newuniforms. details free standard shipping within contiguous u.s. on all orders over $75 with code: freeship. 15% off school uniforms & 10% off everything else! use code: newuniforms. details sign in sign in email password submit create account forgot password? ( 0 ) cookie's kids skip to main content ( 0 ) sign in my account girls boys school uniforms baby & infant shoes accessories clearance last chance girls all girls blazers blouses gym wear all gym wear tops bottoms jumpers outerwear pants polos shorts & skorts skirts sweaters & vests scrubs boys all boys blazers gym wear all gym wear tops bottoms outerwear pants polos shirts shorts sweaters & vests accessories all accessories boys all boys backpacks belts lunch boxes shoes socks ties undergarments girls all girls backpacks dance wear hair accessories lunch boxes shoes socks ties tights undergarments find your school girls sizes 2-6x | 7-20 | plus size | junior sizes (s-l) | shop all sizes boys sizes 2-7 | 8-20 | husky | young men (s-xxl) | shop all sizes girls blazers blouses gym wear jumpers outerwear pants polos shorts & skorts skirts sweaters & vests scrubs boys blazers gym wear outerwear pants polos shirts shorts sweaters & vests accessories boys girls find your school girls clothing all girls clothing tops all tops fashion tops sweaters & shrugs tanks t-shirts bottoms all bottoms leggings pants shorts bodysuits dresses all dresses baptism casual dresses hats & mittens one piece all one piece coveralls jumpers rompers outerwear all outerwear snowsuits jackets & coats light jackets & vests sets all sets active sets gift sets overall sets pant sets short sets sleepwear socks & tights swimwear bath & potty all bath & potty bathing all bathing bath robes bath toys bath tubs towels washcloths changing supplies all changing supplies diaper bags wipes & accessories potty training boys clothing all boys clothing tops all tops hoodies & sweatshirts shirts t-shirts tanks bottoms all bottoms pants shorts jeans bodysuits dress wear all dress wear baptism hats & mittens one piece all one piece rompers coveralls outerwear all outerwear snowsuits jackets & coats sets all sets active sets gift sets overall sets pant sets short sets sleepwear socks swimwear feeding all feeding bibs bottle racks bottles breastfeeding brushes cups diaper bags dishes & utensils nipples warmers & sterilizers furniture & gear all furniture & gear activity centers booster seats bouncers bunting car seats carriers diaper bags harnesses strollers stroller accessories health & safety all health & safety grooming health care humidifiers pacifiers nets & shields teethers & rattles nursery & bedding all nursery & bedding bedding all bedding bedding sets blankets pillows receiving blankets sheets nursery décor all nursery décor baby toys create registry girls clothing tops bottoms bodysuits dresses hats & mittens one piece outerwear sets sleepwear socks & tights swimwear bath & potty bathing changing supplies potty training boys clothing tops bottoms bodysuits dress wear hats & mittens one piece outerwear sets sleepwear socks swimwear feeding bibs bottle racks bottles breastfeeding brushes cups diaper bags dishes & utensils nipples warmers & sterilizers furniture & gear activity centers booster seats bouncers bunting car seats carriers diaper bags harnesses strollers stroller accessories health & safety grooming health care humidifiers pacifiers nets & shields teethers & rattles nursery & bedding bedding nursery décor create registry tops all tops t-shirts tanks shirts polos sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts dresswear all dresswear dress pants dress pant sets dress shirts suits bottoms all bottoms jeans pants all pants dress pants sweatpants casual pants shorts sweatpants outerwear all outerwear jackets & coats light jackets & vests snowsuits sets all sets active sets pant sets short sets sleepwear all sleepwear pajamas robes blanket sleepers pajama pants thermals swimwear all swimwear bathing suits shop by sizes infants | 2t 3t 4t | 4 5 6 7 | 8 10 12 14 16 18 20 | shop all sizes tops t-shirts tanks shirts polos sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts dresswear dress pants dress pant sets dress shirts suits bottoms jeans pants shorts sweatpants outerwear jackets & coats light jackets & vests snowsuits sets active sets pant sets short sets sleepwear pajamas robes blanket sleepers pajama pants thermals swimwear bathing suits tops all tops t-shirts tanks fashion tops sweaters & shrugs hoodies & sweatshirts dresses all dresses casual dresses party dresses shrugs bottoms all bottoms jeans leggings pants skirts shorts outerwear all outerwear jackets & coats light jackets & vests snowsuits dance wear all dance wear leotard skirt dance tights sets all sets active sets pant sets short sets skirt sets sleepwear all sleepwear gowns pajamas robes blanket sleepers thermals swimwear all swimwear bathing suits rompers & overalls shop by sizes infants | 2t 3t 4t | 4 5 6 6x | 7 8 10 12 14 16 18 20 | plus sizes | shop all sizes tops t-shirts tanks fashion tops sweaters & shrugs hoodies & sweatshirts dresses casual dresses party dresses shrugs bottoms jeans leggings pants skirts shorts outerwear jackets & coats light jackets & vests snowsuits dance wear leotard skirt dance tights sets active sets pant sets short sets skirt sets sleepwear gowns pajamas robes blanket sleepers thermals swimwear bathing suits rompers & overalls girls uniforms all girls uniforms blouses gym wear all gym wear tops bottoms jumpers pants polos shorts & skorts skirts sweaters & vests boys uniforms all boys uniforms blazers gym wear all gym wear tops bottoms outerwear pants polos shirts shorts sweaters & vests girls fashion all girls fashion tops all tops t-shirts tanks fashion tops sweaters & shrugs hoodies & sweatshirts bottoms all bottoms skirts pants shorts jeans leggings dresses all dresses party dresses casual dresses outerwear all outerwear snowsuits jackets & coats light jackets & vests rompers & overalls all rompers & overalls rompers overalls sets all sets pant sets short sets skirt sets active sets sleepwear all sleepwear pajamas gowns swimwear boys fashion all boys fashion tops all tops t-shirts tanks shirts polos sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts bottoms all bottoms pants shorts jeans dresswear all dresswear dress pants dress pant sets suits outerwear all outerwear snowsuits jackets & coats light jackets & vests sets all sets pant sets short sets active sets sleepwear swimwear infants all infants girls clothing all girls clothing tops outerwear bottoms sleepwear sets dresses swimwear bodysuits one piece hats socks and tights boys clothing all boys clothing socks tops outerwear hats & mittens bottoms sleepwear sets swimwear dress wear bodysuits one piece bath & potty all bath & potty bathing feeding all feeding bibs diaper bags warmers & sterilizers furniture & gear all furniture & gear bunting carriers diaper bags health & safety all health & safety baby grooming health care nursery & bedding all nursery & bedding bedding shoes all shoes boys all boys sandals school shoes boots dress shoes casual shoes sneakers girls all girls dress shoes sneakers boots sandals school shoes accessories all accessories girls all girls belts underwear backpacks lunch boxes dance wear socks & tights hats, scarves & gloves rain gear hair & jewelry boys all boys belts socks underwear backpacks lunch boxes hats, scarves & gloves rain gear girls uniforms blouses gym wear jumpers pants polos shorts & skorts skirts sweaters & vests boys uniforms blazers gym wear outerwear pants polos shirts shorts sweaters & vests girls fashion tops bottoms dresses outerwear rompers & overalls sets sleepwear swimwear boys fashion tops bottoms dresswear outerwear sets sleepwear swimwear infants girls clothing boys clothing bath & potty feeding furniture & gear health & safety nursery & bedding shoes boys girls accessories girls boys girls all girls boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals/slippers school shoes sneakers boys all boys boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals/slippers school shoes sneakers girls sizes infant | toddler | youth | shop all sizes boys sizes infant | toddler | youth | shop all sizes girls boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals/slippers school shoes sneakers boys boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals/slippers school shoes sneakers girls all girls backpacks all backpacks with lunchbox character mini regular bedding sets belts communion dance wear electronics hair & jewelry handbags hats, scarves & gloves lunch boxes rain gear all rain gear rainwear socks & tights toys underwear all underwear bras panties undershirts underwear sets boys all boys backpacks all backpacks with lunchbox character mini regular bedding sets belts electronics hats, scarves & gloves lunch boxes rain gear all rain gear umbrellas rainwear socks ties toys underwear all underwear briefs & boxers undershirts underwear sets girls backpacks bedding sets belts communion dance wear electronics hair & jewelry handbags hats, scarves & gloves lunch boxes rain gear socks & tights toys underwear boys backpacks bedding sets belts electronics hats, scarves & gloves lunch boxes rain gear socks ties toys underwear girls all girls bottoms outerwear dresses tops sleepwear swimwear sets rompers & overalls shoes boys all boys bottoms outerwear tops sleepwear swimwear rompers sets shoes girls bottoms outerwear dresses tops sleepwear swimwear sets rompers & overalls shoes boys bottoms outerwear tops sleepwear swimwear rompers sets shoes search popular products suggestions expires: 7/26/2021, 11:59 pm pst. up to 50% off selected french toast brand items, based on msrp. not to be combined with any other discounts. free ground shipping to contiguous united states only, valid on orders $99+ after discounts have been applied, excluding furniture and gear. × offer valid from january 8, 2025 at 12:00am et to january 14, 2025 at 11:59pm pt online at cookieskids.com and at cookies kids stores. "bogo" means "buy one, get one" with discount applying to lowest priced item(s). discount applies to merchandise only, not value of gift cards purchased, packaging, applicable taxes or shipping & handling charges. offer cannot be combined with any other offers or discounts. no adjustments on previous purchases. offer is non-transferable and not valid for cash or cash equivalent. in-store prices may vary and may differ from online prices. offer subject to change without notice. exclusions apply. × privacy policy thank you for accessing the cookieskids.com website ("site"). we respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. to learn more, please read this privacy policy. this privacy policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. this privacy policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. finally, this privacy policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. by visiting the site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this policy. this privacy policy applies to the site. this privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information. please see below for details. we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by cookieskids.com ip, inc. to which the site links or that links to the site. information collection and use we collect information from you in several different ways on this site. one goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. for example, we can use your personal information to: help make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once. help you quickly find information, products, and services. help us create content that is most relevant to you. alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer. (a) registration and ordering. before using certain parts of any site or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form. during registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number. if you have elected to use the bill me later® payment method, you will have to provide the last four (4) digits of your social security number and your birth date. we use this information solely to facilitate the bill me later® transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files. in addition, we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization's country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations, and for your gender. these kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and the site, and for internal marketing purposes. if we encounter a problem when processing your order, your personal information may be used to contact you. (b) email addresses. several locations of the site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to register for a contest or sweepstakes; to request us to notify you of new brands, new product styles, or product sizes; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers, or to receive bonus magazine subscriptions. your participation in a giveaway, contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us. we use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes. we may post on the site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners. by entering a contest or sweepstakes, you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes. (c) cookies and other technology. like many sites, the site employs cookies and web beacons (also known as clear gif technology or "action tags") to speed your navigation of the site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your site usage. (i) cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your internet browser on your computer's hard drive. most internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. you can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of the site. we have to use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products. if you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase. the site's cookies do not and cannot infiltrate a user's hard drive to gather a user's confidential information. our cookies are not "spyware." (ii) web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. for example, any electronic image on the site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon. (iii) we may use third party advertising companies to collect data and/or serve ads when you visit our website or application. these companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites or applications in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. please keep in mind that your browser settings may not permit you to control the technologies utilized by these third party companies. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. (iv) as an example, facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased. please note that any information collected by facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer's personal information collected by us. (d) log files. as is true of most web sites, the site server automatically recognizes the internet url from which you access the site. we may also log your internet protocol ("ip") address, internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. (an ip address may indicate the location of your computer on the internet.) (e) age. we respect children's privacy. we do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13. elsewhere on the site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. if you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you. (f) product reviews. you may choose to submit a product review. if you post a review, we will ask for your email address and geographic location. if you submit a review, your geographic location will be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private). also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the site. we are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. we believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information. (g) bizrate reviews. bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores. after placing an order on the site, you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience. this choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us, whether or not you choose to provide feedback. your feedback is collected by bizrate.com, not us, and is governed by their privacy policy, available at http://shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html. information and disclosure (a) internal use. we use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. we may internally use your personal information to improve the sites' content and layout, to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the site. in order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this section 2, we may share your information with affiliates under cookieskids.com's control. (b) communications with you: we will use your personal information to communicate with you about the site and your orders and deliveries. also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. we may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.) also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes; to request us to notify you of notify you of new brands, new product styles, or product sizes; or to sign up for email newsletters and special offers. if you submit your email address, we use it to deliver the information to you. we always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section, below, for more details). because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders. (c) external use. we want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection. we do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under cookieskids.com's control, except that: (i) as do most catalog and internet retailers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. when we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. for example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. we partner with third parties (such as the u.s. postal service, united parcel service, and federal express) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. in the example of shippers, we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number. (ii) similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers. when we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (more on this below in data security.) (iii) in the event you have elected to use the bill me later® payment method, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide the last four (4) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction. when you submit this information to us for approval and authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (iv) we may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. we also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our terms of use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. for example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud. (v) we will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. however, it's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. if that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the privacy policy in effect. (vi) we may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. this information does not directly personally identify you or any user. (vii) we may publicly disclose the name, city, and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners. data and security the site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including secure sockets layer ("ssl") for all financial transactions through the site. we use ssl encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. access to your personal information is restricted. only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. we believe that their security procedures are adequate. for example, when you visit the site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall. while we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline. opt out/corrections upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. you can make these requests at the customer information section of the site https://www.cookieskids.com/ccare_main.aspx or by telephoning, or emailing your request to cookieskids.com's customer loyalty team 1- 877-942-6654 or: [email protected] please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information. offline collection, use and disclosure of information as you might expect from us, the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the site, and this privacy policy applies only to that online collection of personal information. we also may collect information offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information. one example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions. when someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question. when we need to store information (such as order information), we will enter it into our database through ssl encryption. (see the data security section above for more information). another example involves faxes. if you fax something to us, we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information. there are other ways we could learn of personal information offline (for example, we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information), and this policy doesn't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. as we mentioned, we will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices. updates to this policy if we change or update this privacy policy, we will post changes and updates on the site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. we encourage you to review this privacy policy from time to time so you will know if the privacy policy has been changed or updated. if you have any questions about the privacy policy, please contact us at 1- 877-942-6654 or [email protected] contacting us hours of operation: monday - friday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. (et) closed saturdays and sundays (but you can still place an order online) phone numbers: usa 1.877.94.cookies (877.942.6654) fax 1.877.776.9629 intl +001.347.689.0300 email: [email protected] coupon code has been applied. sign up for our email list sign up for our email list and get 15% off your first order! sign up shop by category girls boys school uniforms baby & infant shoes brands clearance customer support order status contact customer care privacy policy faq size charts store locator accessibility members sign in treat a friend my credit wishlist/registry follow us about cookie's cookieskids.com is your online source for school uniforms, kids fashion, baby clothing, accessories, and more, all at the lowest prices. shop today! uniforms: little girls big girls plus size girls juniors girl's accessories little boys big boys husky boys young men boy's accessories infants: bath & potty clothing feeding gear health & safety nursery & bedding boys fashion: infants toddlers sizes 4-7 sizes 8-20 mens accessories girls fashion: infants toddlers sizes 4-6x sizes 7-16 accessories brands: akademiks baby phat coogi ed hardy nautica levi's hello kitty the north face rocawear all brands clearance: boys uniforms girls uniforms boys fashion girls fashion infants site map © 2025 cookie's kids  |  powered by alpha x technologies accessibility: if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 877.942.6654 for assistance.