来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230075858/http://www.harmankardon.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | harman kardon your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. harman kardon skip to content (800) 422-8027 support support warranties faqs software downloads contact us order status account sign in sign up order status 0 {} search catalog search free ground shipping & returns. learn more china denmark germany france india japan netherlands sweden united kingdom united states view full list catalog navigation shop categories search search catalog search wireless back wireless harman kardon wireless hd audio system portables home speakers coach limited edition accessories harman kardon wireless hd audio system portables home speakers coach limited edition accessories headphones back headphones earbuds over-ear & on-ear headphones coach limited edition earbuds over-ear & on-ear headphones coach limited edition speakers back speakers harman kardon wireless hd audio system home theater systems soundbars portable & docks computer speakers harman kardon wireless hd audio system home theater systems soundbars portable & docks computer speakers receivers & amplifiers back receivers & amplifiers audio video receivers stereo receivers & integrated amplifiers accessories audio video receivers stereo receivers & integrated amplifiers accessories collections back collections coach limited edition new arrivals sale award winners top rated travel bundle accessories coach limited edition new arrivals sale award winners top rated travel bundle accessories automotive back automotive partners & ambassadors back partners & ambassadors harman sound partners harman kardon brand ambassadors consumer electronics harman sound partners harman kardon brand ambassadors consumer electronics add to cart home customer service privacy policy secondary navigation contact us faqs privacy & security privacy policy ordering valid payment methods checkout shipping information about shipping support software downloads returns information about returns my account managing an account opening an account terms & conditions terms & conditions of sale need help? if you have any question or need any help with your account, you may contact us to assist you. customer service (800) 422-8027 mon - fri: 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. (et) sat - sun: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (et) contact us privacy policy harman privacy policy who we are: this web site is operated by or on behalf of harman international industries, incorporated (referred to as “harman”, “we”, “our” and “us”). harman’s registered address is: harman international industries, incorporated 400 atlantic street, 15th floor stamford, ct 06901, usa +1.203.328.3500 introduction: harman provides you this privacy policy to explain to you how harman and its third-party vendors collects, uses and protects your personal information when you visit harman’s web sites and when you use harman’s products. harman respects your privacy and is committed to securing your personal information. this privacy policy was last updated on november 11, 2015.  by using this website, you consent to our privacy policy and acknowledge that it is subject to our terms of use. collecting and using your personal information: harman and its third-party vendors collect the personal information that you provide to us, as well as information automatically collected when you interact with this website, through cookies and analytics tracking tools, which help us evaluate the performance of our website, advertise on sites across the internet, show customized ads based on past visits to our website, and provide you with a better user experience. harman may use your personal information that you provide to us in the process of establishing an account on our website in the following ways: 1. obtain your name for purposes of communicating with you and identifying you as a user of the web site. 2. verify your age as older than 13. 3. verify your age as older than 18 or that you have obtained your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the web site. 4. send you a catalogue. 5. send you communications upon your request or consent. 6. allow you to participate in a promotion or other web site feature. 7. customize and/or personalize your communications and shopping experience with harman. 8. better respond to your customer concerns and complaints. 9. keep you informed of harman’s upcoming product releases unless you otherwise opt out of such messages. harman may use your personal information that you provide to us in the process of making a purchase in the following ways: 1. confirm your use of a valid credit card (or other authorized methods of payment). 2. process your payment via a credit card (or other authorized methods of payment). 3. send you the products that you purchased. to fulfill your product orders, we may also disclose your personal information to our affiliates, third party service providers or distributors. harman and its third-party vendor s also gather non-descriptive, non-personal information about how many visitors use our website. harman does not collect any personal information about you in this instance but harman may collect information that a user has visited the website for statistical analysis of the public’s use of our website. unsubscribing, removing or modifying your information: harman appreciates that you may change your mind about our use of your personal information in the future. harman offers several ways you can inform us about your privacy preferences: 1. all email messages and newsletters will provide a description on how you can ask us to stop sending you messages and newsletters. 2. at any time, you can send us an email at the address provided below. 3. at any time, you can call our customer service number and request that you would like to change your marketing preferences. 4. to modify or delete entirely the information you have provided during registration, please login and update your profile. please note that if you have unsubscribed from our communications, you may still receive communications already in production until your request is fully processed. if you request that your registration information be deleted or if you unsubscribe from communications, we may maintain information about sales transactions or service inquiries for future service and record keeping purposes. we self-certify compliance with us-eu safe harbor privacy statement harman is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of those who entrust us with their personal information. our employees, and all those who do business with us, trust and expect that we will protect their personal information in accordance with the promises we make. in furtherance of our commitment, we comply with the u.s.-european union safe harbor framework and the u.s.-swiss safe harbor framework as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from european union member countries and switzerland. we have certified that we adhere to the safe harbor privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. to learn more about the safe harbor program, and to view our certification, please visithttp://www.export.gov/safeharbor/. online tracking: a cookie is a small removable data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. harman or its third-party vendors may use cookies to improve your experience with our website and show you ads based on past visits to our website. harman may use cookies to improve harman’s understanding of your likes and dislikes about our website, what you like and do not like on our website, customize the website to your prior uses and to generally improve all customer needs and interests.  you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your web browser settings. if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. you may also delete cookies from your computer or opt out of a third party’s use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page at  http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. do not track disclosures the “do not track” standard is still in development and not yet finalized.  we will only collect and use the personal information you provide to us pursuant to the terms in this privacy policy. disclosure and sharing your personal information: harman does not rent, sell or disclose your personal information or contact information to third parties for the third party’s own purposes. harman may share your information with harman’s affiliates under the same control of harman as permitted under this privacy policy. in the event harman is reorganized or transferred to a third party, your personal information may be transferred to the successor of harman for the purposes and subject to the terms of this privacy policy. harman (or, for consumers outside the united states, our distributor) may provide your credit card (or other authorized payment method) information to harman’s bank or credit card or other authorized payment processor solely for purposes of processing your payment. harman may also share your information with delivery services or international distributors to ship products to you. on rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our website policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. we may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. we do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes. protecting your information: harman engages the use of numerous technological security measures to preserve the security of your information, including without limitation, encryption technologies and authentication tools. your personal information is contained behind secure networks and is only accessible to a limited number of persons who have a need to access your personal information for purposes of managing our website and providing you information as you have requested. all orders are placed through a secure server. please be aware that no electronic data transmission over the internet can be 100% secure. transferring your information overseas: if you are located outside of the united states, harman may transfer your information to harman’s affiliates under the same control as harman, to other service providers or distributors outside of your country or territory. harman manages its website from the united states. harman acknowledges that the data protection laws and other laws of the united states may not be as comprehensive as those of your country or territory and harman will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights are respected. to have specific security measures in place to adequately protect your information, harman will require its united states-based affiliates to sign a contract guaranteeing the safeguard of your personal information and to set forth the specific requirements the united states-based affiliate must maintain, and monitor ongoing compliance with the defined security measures. children's privacy: we respect the privacy of children. our website is not designed to attract an audience younger than 13. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. please contact us using the contact details below if you believe we may have collected information from your child, and we will work to delete it. your california privacy rights: under california laws, california residents can request information from harman whether harman has disclosed a person’s personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. harman will not sell or share your personal information with non-harman companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. california residents desiring to request further information about our compliance with these laws or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies are welcome to contact us using the contact information below. obtaining a copy of or updating your personal information: you can contact harman at any time to obtain the personal information harman possesses about you, or modify any personal information harman retains that is incorrect. please let us know what information you would like to receive from us, or what information is incorrect, and we will respond to you. your request should include your name and proof of your identity. changes to the privacy policy we will notify you when we make any material changes or updates to this privacy policy, including any material changes in how we use or share your personal information. questions and feedback: we welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. notice and contact information: for questions or concerns, please email us or contact us at: via emails: webadmin@harman.com in writing: harman international industries, incorporated 400 atlantic street, 15th floor stamford, ct 06901, usa +1.203.328.3500 terms of use: please also visit our “terms of use” section that explains other terms governing the use of our websites. © 2016 harman international industries, incorporated. all rights reserved. secondary navigation contact us faqs privacy & security privacy policy ordering valid payment methods checkout shipping information about shipping support software downloads returns information about returns my account managing an account opening an account terms & conditions terms & conditions of sale need help? if you have any question or need any help with your account, you may contact us to assist you. customer service (800) 422-8027 mon - fri: 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. (et) sat - sun: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (et) contact us sign up and get the best deals go support shipping policy return & exchanges faqs product support software downloads parts order status country selector about us harman corporate careers privacy policy terms of sale terms of use why buy direct site index satisfaction guaranteed not completely satisfied with your purchase? you may return it within 30 days from the date of purchase. return policy. contact us (800) 422-8027 mon - fri: 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. (et) sat - sun: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (et) contact us follow us for exclusive offers and content! our brands © 2016 harman international industries, incorporated. all rights reserved. more about cookies hide