来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229033853/http://www.harmankardon.com/terms.html
================================================================================

terms of sale | harman kardon your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. harman kardon skip to content (800) 422-8027 support policies software downloads order status product support account sign in sign up order status 0 {} search catalog search free ground shipping & returns. learn more (excludes ak & hi)* china denmark germany france india japan netherlands sweden united kingdom united states view full list catalog navigation search catalog search wireless back wireless harman kardon wireless hd audio system home speakers portables accessories harman kardon wireless hd audio system home speakers portables accessories headphones back headphones on ear headphones on ear headphones home audio back home audio harman kardon wireless hd audio system soundbars home theater systems computer speakers wireless & docks audio video receivers stereo receivers & integrated amplifiers accessories harman kardon wireless hd audio system soundbars home theater systems computer speakers wireless & docks audio video receivers stereo receivers & integrated amplifiers accessories collections back collections new arrivals award winners top rated travel bundle accessories new arrivals award winners top rated travel bundle accessories sale back sale auto manufacturers back auto manufacturers discover back discover harman kardon brand ambassadors consumer electronics harman kardon brand ambassadors consumer electronics catalog navigation search catalog search wireless back wireless harman kardon wireless hd audio system home speakers portables accessories harman kardon wireless hd audio system home speakers portables accessories headphones back headphones on ear headphones on ear headphones home audio back home audio harman kardon wireless hd audio system soundbars home theater systems computer speakers wireless & docks audio video receivers stereo receivers & integrated amplifiers accessories harman kardon wireless hd audio system soundbars home theater systems computer speakers wireless & docks audio video receivers stereo receivers & integrated amplifiers accessories collections back collections new arrivals award winners top rated travel bundle accessories new arrivals award winners top rated travel bundle accessories sale back sale auto manufacturers back auto manufacturers discover back discover harman kardon brand ambassadors consumer electronics harman kardon brand ambassadors consumer electronics add to cart view details home customer service terms & conditions of sale secondary navigation contact us faqs privacy & security privacy policy ordering checkout valid payment methods shipping information about shipping support software downloads returns information about returns my account managing an account opening an account terms & conditions terms & conditions of sale need help? if you have any question or need any help with your account, you may contact us to assist you. customer service (800) 422-8027 mon - fri: 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. (et) sat - sun: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (et) contact us terms & conditions of sale last updated:  11-18-15 these terms of sale are applicable only to orders by and for residents of the united states. these terms of sale are further subject to harman’s terms of use and privacy policy. placing an order product pricing and availability for harman products are shown on this website. pricing or availability may be subject to change at any time without notice. to place an order, simply add the desired items to your shopping cart. you can add, delete, update, or change the quantities of products in your cart while you shop the site. once you are ready to buy, proceed to check out to enter your shipping and payment information to complete your order. you can complete your order as a guest or by opening a harmankardon.com user account. by opening a harmankardon.com user account, you can quickly access product support, updates and promotions. once your order has been submitted, you will receive a printable order confirmation screen detailing your order. you will also receive an order confirmation e-mail which will include your order details. please be sure to save this order confirmation and print out a copy. this is your receipt for proof of purchase; your merchandise will not include an additional receipt. you will need this receipt if you ever require warranty service from any of our authorized repair centers throughout the u.s. it typically takes one to two business days to process and ship your order. once your order has shipped, we will email a shipping confirmation, including tracking number(s). the shipping carrier requires one business day from that time to validate the tracking information. payment harmankardon.com accepts payment via paypal, visa, mastercard, and american express. you will be charged once your order has been shipped. please note that certain orders are subject to a 24-hour verification period to protect all parties from unauthorized credit card use. to assist in minimizing unauthorized card usage, please ensure that your credit card company has all of your current information on file including any alternate or authorized shipping addresses. order general by placing an order with us, you are (i) offering to purchase a product and/or service, (ii) representing that you are at least 18 years old, (iii) representing that all information you provide to us in connection with such order is true and accurate, and (iv) representing that you are an authorized user of the payment method provided. when you send us your order, we may verify certain items before the order is fulfilled, including without limitation your personal information, your payment information and your creditworthiness. we reserve the right to: (a) refuse any order you place with us; (b) correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including but not limited to the price) with regard to the products or services offered; (c) change or update information in connection with any products or services offered; and (d) modify or cancel your order, whether or not the order has been confirmed, each at any time without notice to you (including after you have submitted your order) and without liability to you. if we modify your order, we will attempt to give you prior notice of this and provide you with the opportunity to cancel the order in its entirety. if we cancel your order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting you via the contact information you provided at the time the order was made. we reserve the right to limit, reject, modify, or cancel orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by unauthorized parties, including resellers. if your payment method has already been charged for an order that is later modified or cancelled, harman shall issue you a refund in the amount of the incorrect price back to your original method of payment. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. pricing information all prices and products advertised are subject to change. although the website is composed with care, it may happen that the pricing information on the website contains errors. we are not bound by our offer or any prices on the website and we therefore reserve the right to modify or cancel your purchase in the event of spelling, pricing, or other errors on the website. order cancellations you can cancel or alter your order up until you submit the order. if your order has already been submitted, please contact the customer service center at (800) 422-8027 from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. (et) monday through friday (except holidays), and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (et) saturday and sunday to cancel or alter the order. if you have a problem with any part of your order, please e-mail our customer service center. please include your name and order number or call our toll-free customer service number at (800) 422-8027. shipping it typically takes one to two business days to process and ship your order. presently, we are only offer free ground shipping to the contiguous 48 states.  shipping charges apply to shipments going to alaska or hawaii.  we do not ship to puerto rico.  we also do not ship orders to international locations. once your order has shipped, we will send you a shipment confirmation email which will include tracking information for your products. to validate the tracking information, the shipping carrier typically requires one business day from the time you receive this notification. depending upon your shipping address, and product availability in our warehouses, your order may arrive in multiple shipments. any shipping or delivery dates provided will be estimates only. when you receive your shipment, please inspect all packages for items such as remotes, manuals and cables, or any applicable accessories for the product(s) ordered. if the merchandise is not being installed right away, please power up or play the merchandise. please be sure to save the box, the outer shipping carton (when applicable) and all packing material, in the unlikely event that you'll need it for a return shipment. if you require any assistance, please call us toll free at (800) 422-8027, and have your order confirmation number handy. returns all orders from harmankardon.com are eligible for our 30 day return policy. you may return any item you purchased on harmankardon.com for any reason, within 30 calendar days of your shipping date, subject to the terms below. we'll gladly exchange your product (subject to availability) or give you a refund for the amount of the merchandise - whichever you prefer. no restocking fees. no questions asked. gift wrap charges are not refundable.  we are happy to offer free extended returns this holiday season.  orders placed on www.harmankardon.com between november 1st and december 24th 2016, are eligible for returns until january 31st 2017. a return authorization is required for any exchange or refund. any product shipped to us without a return authorization is not eligible for our refund policy and will be returned to the customer at his or her expense. if, within 30 calendar days of the date of your shipping date, you would like to replace or return the item, the process can be initiated on the harmankardon.com returns section which will trigger an email to our customer service center. you will then be contacted by one of our representatives about your request. you can also contact the customer service center directly at (800) 422-8027 from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. (et) monday through friday (except holidays), and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (et) saturday and sunday. a return authorization number (ra#) and prepaid return shipping label will be provided to you by our customer service center. gift purchases must be returned by the original purchaser. ra#’s are valid for only 30 calendar days from the date issued. replacement merchandise will not be reserved for more than 30 calendar days past the issuance of the ra#. merchandise that we receive past the return period may be refused and returned. products must be returned with all accessories originally included with such product. additional product return instructions may be required. notification will be sent to the e-mail and/or billing address you provided, should your return not be accepted. security & privacy our site uses the industry standard secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to ensure the safety of your internet transactions. ssl encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, to prevent decoding. to verify the security of your connection, check the lower left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. if you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then ssl is active. you can also double-check by looking at the url line of your browser. when you are accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https". information you provide during transactions on this web site are confidential. please read our privacy policy for more information on the data we collect and how we use it. gift cards use of harman gift cards are subject to the gift cards’ terms and conditions of use. promotions use of promotional codes, discounts, coupons or similar promotions are subject to that promotion’s terms and conditions. to be eligible for a specific promotion, your order must be submitted within the specified promotion period. unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable promotion’s terms and conditions, no more than one promotion may be applied to an order. secondary navigation contact us faqs privacy & security privacy policy ordering checkout valid payment methods shipping information about shipping support software downloads returns information about returns my account managing an account opening an account terms & conditions terms & conditions of sale need help? if you have any question or need any help with your account, you may contact us to assist you. customer service (800) 422-8027 mon - fri: 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. (et) sat - sun: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (et) contact us sign up and get the best deals go support shipping policy return & exchanges faqs product support software downloads parts order status country selector about us harman corporate careers privacy policy terms of sale terms of use why buy direct site index satisfaction guaranteed not completely satisfied with your purchase? you may return it within 30 days from the date of purchase. return policy. contact us (800) 422-8027 mon - fri: 9:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. (et) sat - sun: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (et) contact us account sign in sign up order status follow us for exclusive offers and content! close x our brands © 2017 harman international industries, incorporated. all rights reserved. more about cookies hide i agree more about cookies close are you sure you want to return to your shopping cart? stay in checkout return to cart