来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211230002842/https://www.harmankardon.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | harman kardon your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. free shipping. learn more | free return shipping. exclusions apply support & product registration product & customer support order status product registration returns shipping why buy direct menu speakers portable bluetooth speakers home speakers refurbished speakers headphones sale automotive support & product registration product & customer support order status product registration returns shipping why buy direct account sign in sign up united states canada china denmark germany france india japan netherlands sweden united kingdom united states view full list jbl logo logo speakers portable bluetooth speakers home speakers refurbished speakers headphones sale automotive support & product registration product & customer support order status product registration returns shipping why buy direct search x search sign in sign up order status {} add to cart view details home customer service privacy policy secondary navigation contact us faqs privacy & security privacy policy ordering order valid payment methods checkout confirmation shipping delivery support software downloads manuals returns returns my account managing an account opening an account terms & conditions terms and conditions terms of use harman privacy statement last updated: 05/15 /20 assistance for the disabled alternative formats of this privacy statement are available to individuals with a disability. please contact privacy@harman.com for assistance. this privacy statement describes how we use and disclose the information that we collect from you when you visit our website, and use our products, applications, and services that reference this privacy statement (collectively, the “services”). our services are very diverse, so sometimes additional policies may apply. these additional policies will be available with the relevant services, and those additional policies become part of your agreement with us if you use those services. for the purposes of applicable eu data protection laws and unless otherwise stated, harman is the data controller and is responsible for the collection and use of your personal data. this privacy statement is incorporated into our terms of use at https://www.harman.com/terms-use. please read both documents carefully, as they contain important information about your use of the services. if you do not understand our privacy statement or our terms of use, please contact us using the information below. key definitions "aggregate information” is information that has been combined with information about other users and analyzed or evaluated as a whole, such that no specific individual may be reasonably identified. for example, aggregate information may include a statement that says “50% of our users have used the mobile app in the last month”. "cookies" are text files, typically small in size, that are placed on your computer by a webpage server. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. "personal data" is any information that can be used to identify you, either alone or in combination with other information. personal data does not include aggregate information or other anonymized information (including metadata) collected by harman that cannot be used to identify you, even if such information was derived from your personal data. "usage data" is information about how you use the services, such as your browser type, domains, page views, duration, and information about the device you use to access the services. "web beacons" (also known as "clear gifs" and "pixel tags") are small bits of code embedded in web pages or in emails that are used to monitor the behavior of a website user or recipient of an email. collecting and using your personal data we collect personal data when we deliver our products, conduct marketing activities, gather feedback, provide customer support, fulfill product orders, and run our business operations. the personal data we collect varies based upon which of our services you are using. for the information that you provide to us during sign up or when you setup your account or profile, the information we collect may include your name, email address, telephone number, gender, date of birth, country where you reside, and other information that may help us better provide our services to you. we may also collect information, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other data collection technologies, from or about your use of our services, such as how you use a particular service. this information includes: device-specific information. we collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). log information. when you use our services, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs, such as usage data, usage detail and device event information (e.g., crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and referral url.) location information. we may collect and process information about your actual location. we use various technologies to determine location, including ip address, gps, and other sensors. for example, if our service can provide driving direction, traffic reporting, recommendation of establishments near your location, and similar services, then we may collect your device's real-time or compiled geographical information in order to provide such service to you. unique application numbers. certain services include a unique application number. this number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to us at the time of installation or update. information we collect when you are signed in to our services may be associated with your account. when information is associated with your account, we treat it as personal data. in addition to the purposes listed above, we may also use your personal data to: communicate with you. we may use your name and contact information to communicate with you, including identifying you as a user of the website or product. verify your identity. we may use your personal data to verify who you are. for example, we may verify your age or that you have obtained your parent's or guardian's permission to use our services. send you marketing materials. we may use your personal data to create and send you marketing materials, such as promotional emails or catalogues, to keep you informed of our upcoming product releases. you generally must opt-in to receiving our marketing materials, and you may opt-out of receiving them at any time. for more information on how to opt-out, please see your choices below. respond to your questions and fulfill your requests. we may send you communications upon your request or otherwise with your consent. provide support and receive feedback. we may request personal data in order to provide support to you. we may also collect personal data that are associated with your feedback. process your transactions. we will use the personal data that you provide to us in the process of making a purchase to confirm your use of a valid credit card (or other authorized method of payment), process your payment, and send you any products that you order. to identify criminal activity. we may use your personal data if we believe that your actions violate applicable law, or threaten the rights, property, or safety of the company, our users, or others. to comply with legal obligations. we may use your personal data to comply with legal obligations, including responding to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or discovery requests in civil litigation. we also gather non-descriptive, non-identifiable statistical information about how many visitors use our services, how our users use our services, how our users access certain content available on our services, how long our users access certain content, what content our users are accessing, and our user preferences or settings for certain services. we use this aggregated information for statistical analysis of how users make use of our services so we can better improve our services.​​ data collection technologies we use cookies, web beacons, and other data collection technologies (together, “data collection technologies”) to provide you with a better experience when you use the services. data collection technologies help you log onto the services, remember your settings and preferences, help us keep your information safe and secure, and enable us to serve ads for our services, including those targeted to your interests. we use data collection technologies for the following purposes: authentication. we use data collection technologies to verify your account and determine when you're logged in so we can make it easier for you to access the services and personalize your experience and features. security and product integrity. we use data collection technologies to help us keep your account and information safe and secure. we also use data collection technologies to combat activity that violates our policies or otherwise degrades our ability to provide our services. advertising, insights and measurement. we use data collection technologies to gather data to show you personalized ads, whether for our services or for products and services of third parties. these personalized ads may be on our websites or select, third-party websites. we also use data collection technologies to help measure the performance of ad campaigns for businesses that use the services. data collection technologies help us serve and measure ads across different browsers and devices used by the same person. site features and services. we use data collection technologies to enable the functionality that helps us provide the services and provide you with the best experience possible, including to help provide you with content relevant to your locale. recognition.  we use data collection technologies to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices.  this includes using data collection technologies that track your use of our services and certain third-party services across time and devices. we may use this information to recognize that a user of multiple devices is the same user. we also use data collection technologies to associate data collected anonymously or pseudonymously with information we or a third party may have about you, such as your email address. analytics and research: we use data collection technologies to better understand how people use the website so that we can improve the services. for example, we partner with google analytics, which uses data collection technologies to track your interactions with our services.  this information helps us improve our services so that we can better serve users like you. for more information on google analytics, visit https://support.google.com/analytics.​ although most browsers and devices accept cookies and other data collection technologies by default, their settings usually allow you to clear or decline cookies. if you disable cookies, some of the features of our services may not be available or function properly.​ interest based advertising: we may use vendors to serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet. these advertising vendors may collect information about your visits to and interactions with our services. in addition, our vendors may also use the information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from us. if you would like more information about this practice, please visit the network advertising initiative (nai) at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/ sharing your personal data because we know your personal data is important to you, we may share your information for the reason(s) disclosed to you at the time we collect it, with your consent, as well as in the following ways: at your direction. we will share your information with third parties if and when you direct us to. for example, you may ask us to share your personal data when you wish to interact with other users or post certain information on social media. with our service providers. we may share your personal data with our service providers as necessary to enable them to provide services to us. service providers are third parties (other companies and individuals) that support the operation and maintenance of our services. with our partners. we may allow certain third parties, such as car manufacturers or electronic consumer device manufacturers, to integrate components of our services into their own devices and software. these third parties will use our platform to access your information to facilitate our services on their device or software. they may elect to collect or use your information using our platform without our knowledge. these third parties are separately responsible for their own privacy policies and practices. in addition, we may collect information about these third party devices or software that you use to help us provide core functions of our services. with our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates. we may share your personal data with other companies under common ownership and control of harman, which may include our subsidiaries, corporate parent, or any other subsidiaries owned by our corporate parent. we do this in order to provide you better service and improve your experience. for legal purposes. we may share your personal data as reasonably necessary to comply with law or a legal process (including a court or government order or subpoena), to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, to enforce this privacy statement and/or the terms of use, and to protect the rights, property or safety of harman, our users, and/or the public. during a corporate transaction. if harman is involved in a merger, acquisition, financing, or sale of business or assets, information collected from and about users may be transferred to one or more third parties involved in such transaction and, upon such transfer, the relevant third party privacy policy or policies may govern further use of the information. your choices your preferences about how we use your information are important to us and, when possible, we aim to honor them. depending on where you reside, we offer the following choices that you can exercise with regard to your personal data. access, modify, or delete your personal data. you can contact us at any time to request to access, modify, or delete the personal data we possess about you. please refer to the “contact us" section below. opt out of marketing communications. you can-opt out of marketing communications by indicating your preference when you sign up for our services. you may also contact us to opt-out of our marketing communications. managing cookies and other data collection technologies. you have a number of options to control or limit how we and our vendors use cookies and other data collection technologies including for advertising: to prevent location information from being collected by us at any time, you can turn off your device's location-tracking functionality. to prevent your data from being used by google analytics, you can install google's opt-out browser add-on. to opt out of interest-based advertising, you can visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/ and follow nai's on-screen instructions. note that if you opt-out through the nai, you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored to your interests. in addition, if you opt out through nai and later delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new device, you will need you opt out of interest-based advertising again. check your mobile device for settings that control ads based on your interactions with the applications on your device. for example, on your ios device, enable the “limit ad tracking" setting, and on your android device, enable the “opt-out of ads personalization" setting. protecting your personal data we use reasonable organizational and technical security measures designed to preserve the security of your personal data, including without limitation, encryption technologies and authentication tools. note, however, that no data transmitted over the internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by parties other than the intended recipient. as a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our services.​ transferring your personal data overseas we manage our services through our teams around the world, including our teams in the united states, india, and european union. we acknowledge that the data protection laws may be different from country to country, and may not provide the same level of protection. if you use our services or contact us from outside of the united states, please be advised that (i) any information you provide to us or that we automatically collect may be transferred to the united states and other countries where our teams are located; and (ii) that by using our services or submitting information, you explicitly authorize the transfer of your information to and subsequent processing in the united states and other countries where our teams are located in accordance with this privacy statement. if you have any questions about our policies for transferring your personal data, please contact us as stated below. children's privacy we respect the privacy of children. our services are not designed to attract an audience younger than 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 16. please contact us using the contact details below if you believe we may have collected information from your child, and we will work to delete it. your california privacy rights scope of this section this section of the privacy statement applies only if you reside in the state of california in the united states (“california consumer"). this section applies to all personal information of california consumers that harman collects both online and offline, including through california consumers' (a) visits to our website, (b) attendance at harman events and conferences, (c) inclusion in research studies and (d) use of our services. as used in this section, “personal information" means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular california consumer or household. collection, use and disclosure of california consumers' personal information 1) categories of personal information collected: in the last 12 months, harman collected the following categories of personal information about california consumers: identifiers, including: full name, nickname; address; email address; telephone number; unique online identifier, internet protocol address (“ip address"), account name, username and password used to access features on harman's website and other services; and date of birth. biometric information, including voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a voiceprint which can be extracted, and sleep and health data that contain identifying information. payment (financial) information, including: payment method; bank account number, debit card number, credit card number, cvv / cid, expiration date; billing address. product and service usage information, including: product name, serial number, place of purchase, product usage information, color, and version; product reviews and warranty information. commercial information, including: products and services purchased; shipping method for purchased products; products you are considering purchasing that are placed in your virtual shopping cart; information about products that you have returned; marketing preferences including email marketing preferences. internet or other electronic network activity information, including: pages visited on harman's websites and links clicked; ip address; location information; language preference and interactions with ads. inferences, drawn from the categories of personal information listed above (in this section) to create a profile reflecting a consumer's preferences or driving behavior. geolocation data, for users of harman's vehicle hub, and for ces 2019 attendees who visited harman's exhibit and agreed to wear an attendee badge with beacon technology. legally protected classifications, sex for instance for auditory profiles calculations. sensory information, including audio, visual, thermal or similar information that can be linked or associated with a particular consumer or household. 2) purposes for using personal information collected: in the last 12 months, harman used the categories of personal information listed above for the following purposes:​ ​categories of personal information purpose for which information is used identifiers biometric information payment (financial) information product information commercial information internet or other electronic network activity information inferences drawn from the categories of personal information listed above to create a profile reflecting a consumer's preferences geolocation data legally protected classifications sensory information to provide our services identifiers commercial information internet or other electronic network activity information inferences drawn from the categories of personal information listed above to create a profile reflecting a consumer's preferences. to communicate with current and prospective customers, including responding to questions about our services identifiers product and service usage information commercial information to communicate with current and prospective customers about our services as well as promotions identifiers commercial information internet or other electronic network activity information geolocation data payment (financial) information to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity identifiers commercial information internet or other electronic network activity information geolocation data to audit harman's customer interactions, transactions, and legal compliance identifiers internet or other electronic network activity information geolocation data product and service usage information to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of harman products and services biometric information commercial information internet or other electronic network activity information product information sensory information legally protected classifications to undertake internal research for technological development and demonstration internet or other electronic network activity information product and service usage information to undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our services product and service usage information for product and service training identifiers biometric information payment (financial) information product information commercial information internet or other electronic network activity information inferences drawn from the categories of personal information listed above to create a profile reflecting a consumer's preferences geolocation data sensory information legally protected classifications short-term, transient use 3) sources of personal information collected: in the last 12 months, harman collected the following categories of personal information about california consumers from the following sources: directly from california consumers: identifiers; commercial information; payment (financial) information; product and service usage information; biometric information; sensory information; legally protected classifications; inferences drawn from the aforementioned categories of personal information provided by the consumer. data collection technologies (described above): internet or other electronic network activity information, and geolocation data. from conferences attended by consumers: identifiers, geolocation data. 4) disclosure of personal information to third parties: in the last 12 months, harman disclosed the following categories of personal information about california consumers to the following categories of third parties for a business or commercial purpose: ​category of personal information category of third party identifiers service providers, including providers of data collection technologies, providers of data analytics services, website providers, and e-commerce vendors government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law, including in litigation internet or other electronic network activity information service providers, including providers of data collection technologies, providers of data analytics services, and website providers geolocation information government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law, including in litigation commercial information payment (financial) information service providers, including e-commerce vendor sensory information service providers, including voice-to-text vendors product information service providers, including providers of data collection technologies, providers of data analytics services, and website provider government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law, including in litigation 5) no sale of personal information harman does not and will not sell personal information. your california privacy rights right to know california consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request to know: the categories and specific pieces of personal information that harman has collected about them; the categories of sources from which harman collected the personal information; the categories of personal information that harman sold or disclosed to a third party (other than a service provider) for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information; and the business or commercial purposes for harman's collection, disclosure, or sale of the personal information. right to delete california consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request for deletion of their personal information that harman has collected from the consumer. making requests to know or for deletion harman will respond to requests in accordance with applicable law if it can verify the identity of the individual submitting the request. california consumers can exercise their rights in the following ways: complete an online privacy request form at https://www.harman.com/data-inquiry send email to privacy@harman.com contact 1 (877) 871-6755 how we will verify your request when you submit a request to know or a request to delete we apply the following process to verify your identity: step 1: verification email: harman will send an email to the email address that you provided to register for our services. please read through this email and complete the verification criteria and once complete send a reply email back to harman. the required criteria is described below: read through the email that you receive from harman. in the email we will ask you to reply with at least two pieces of information to verify your identity, dependent on the nature of your request and the sensitivity of the information that is the subject of your request. reply to the email and provide us with at least two (and in some cases three) pieces of information, harman will match the information you provide to the information that the company already maintains about you. harman will only use the information that you provide for the purpose of verifying your identity. confirm our summary of the actions that you want us to take (e.g., “delete my personal information"). send the reply to the email back to the original sender (normally privacy@harman.com) with the above answers to verify that you own the email address. step 2: after receiving the information above and confirming your identity, we take action to fulfill the request. in the unlikely situation that you submit a request to know or a request to delete and harman does not have your email address, we will perform the steps listed above via phone. if we cannot verify your identity to a sufficient level of certainty to respond to your request, we will let you know promptly and explain why we cannot verify your identity. harman's non-discrimination policy california consumers have the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment by harman for exercising their privacy rights under the california consumer privacy act, and harman will not discriminate on that basis. however, harman may charge a california consumer a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the california consumer by the consumer's personal information. if harman does so, it will provide consumers with any legally required notice. authorized agents you may designate an authorized agent to exercise your right to know or your right to delete by submitting to us a completed “authorized agent designation" form. you can obtain the designation form by contacting us at privacy@harman.com. if an authorized agent submits a request to know or a request to delete on your behalf, the authorized agent must submit with the request either (a) a power of attorney that is valid under california law, or (b) a document signed by you that authorizes the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf. in addition, we may ask you to follow the applicable process described above for verifying your identity. right to information about disclosures of personal information for direct marketing purposes: under california law, california consumers can request information from us whether we have disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. we will not sell your personal information to, or share it with, third-party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. california consumers desiring to request further information about our compliance with these laws or who have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies are welcome to contact us using the contact information below. for more information for questions or concerns about harman's privacy policies and practices, please contact us at privacy@harman.com your 'do not track' browser setting the site collects personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across our services. harman also interacts with third parties to understand online activities starting from a different site and landing on a harman site. we do not support the do not track (dnt) browser setting. dnt is a preference you can set in your browser's settings to let the websites you visit, including the site, know that you do not want the sites collecting your personally identifiable information. third-party links and services we provide links to third party websites operated by organizations not affiliated with harman. we do not disclose your personal data to organizations operating such linked third-party websites. we do not review or endorse, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of these organizations. we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by harman through the services. changes to the privacy statement from time to time, we may modify this privacy statement to accommodate new technology, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. if we make material changes to this privacy statement that would impact your continued use of the services, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such changes (including through email, push message, and/or by posting a notice directly to your account), and may also ask you to affirmatively consent to the changes at the time of your next login to the services. by continuing to use the services after such notice and/or consent, you agree to be bound by privacy statement as modified. if you do not agree with our changes to privacy statement, your sole and exclusive remedy will be to discontinue use of the services. questions and feedback we welcome your questions and comments about this privacy statement or our privacy practices. you can also contact us to exercise your privacy rights under applicable law. you can contact us as follows: via email privacy@harman.com in writing harman international industries, incorporated 400 atlantic street, 15th floor stamford, ct 06901, usa 1 (877) 871-6755 terms of use please also visit our “terms of use" which includes other terms governing your use of the services. secondary navigation contact us faqs privacy & security privacy policy ordering order valid payment methods checkout confirmation shipping delivery support software downloads manuals returns returns my account managing an account opening an account terms & conditions terms and conditions terms of use warning × we noticed that you already have products in your cart. in order to add spare parts we have to empty your current cart. do you wish to continue? yes no warning × we noticed that you already have spare parts in your cart. in order to add new products we have to empty your current cart. do you wish to continue? yes no sign up for the harman kardon newsletter view our privacy policy email sign up shop speakers headphones sale support shipping policy return & exchanges faqs accessibility product support parts order status about us harman corporate careers privacy policy cookie preferences security policy terms of sale terms of use why buy direct site index contact us (800) 422-8027 mon - fri 9:00 a.m 11:00 p.m (e.t) sat - sun 9:00 a.m 5:00 p.m (e.t) our brands follow us link harman kardon on facebook. link harman kardon on twitter. link harman kardon on instagram. link harman kardon on youtube. © 2021 harman international industries, incorporated. all rights reserved. shop speakers headphones sale country united states canada en / fr china denmark germany france india japan netherlands sweden united kingdom united states view full list support shipping policy return policy warranty faqs accessibility product support parts order status about us harman corporate careers privacy policy cookie preferences security policy terms of sale terms of use why buy direct site index contact us (800) 422-8027 mon - fri 9:00 a.m 11:00 p.m (e.t) sat - sun 9:00 a.m 5:00 p.m (e.t) follow us link harman kardon on facebook. link harman kardon on twitter. link harman kardon on instagram. link harman kardon on youtube. if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call (800) 422-8027 for assistance. © 2021 harman international industries, incorporated. all rights reserved.