来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101229004618/http://www.biblio.com/blog/
================================================================================

biblio.com blog why shop biblio? sign in | register | community | help books specialsjust arrived rare books textbooks bookstores cart 0 items advanced book search home > blog « older posts what is a remainder mark? december 16, 2010 – 1:35 pm remainder marks on the text block of books what is a remaindered book? a remaindered book is a book that has been returned to the publisher by the bookseller.  when a bookstore has a book that just isn’t selling, they want to get it off of their shelves and make room for a more popular title.  the bookstore can send all of their copies of that book back to the publisher and receive a refund. the publisher gives the book a remainder mark and re-sells the book at a lower price to outlet stores or other booksellers.  this process allows the publishers to recoup some of their printing costs, and the mark identifies these books so that they cannot be returned to the publisher for yet another refund. generally, only hardcovers and trade paperbacks are remaindered, while mass market paperbacks tend to be destroyed. how can i identify a remainder mark? the publisher that is marking the returned books use a number of different methods to mark their books.  some may use rubber stamps, felt-tip markers, or even spray-on dyes.  the mark is most often on a book’s bottom edge, on the text block near the spine. some of the fancier examples in the industry include: ace fantasy: a capital “b” on one edge. simon & schuster: a stamp of its logo, “the sowing man.” random house: the icon of a little house. doubleday and delacort: a spray dye on the top and bottom edges, which made the book look like it was spray painted. so….what’s the big deal? remainder marks are really no big deal if you are purchasing a reading copy.  if you are purchasing the book for a collection or to re-sell, bear in mind that remainder marks are often considered to be a defect by most collectors, except in very rare cases. by amber | posted in book collecting, book identification | tagged book collecting, remainder, remainder marks, remaindered books | comments (0) how much is my book worth? december 6, 2010 – 2:33 pm search biblio to find your book's value. the easiest way to know how much your copy of a book is worth on the open market is to check on how much similar copies are currently being offered for. fill out this form with enough information to get a list of comparable copies. you probably don’t need to include every word of the title and author’s name. a couple of words from the title, and the author’s last name are generally enough to get a list of matches. filling out too much can cause you to miss a copy that was listed slightly differently from what you are using. you can narrow down the search results by selecting the filters in the search results to see only hardcovers, first editions, singed copies, etc. a few things to keep in mind: condition means everything in a book’s value. a book that has significant damage is likely not worth much. a book collector wants an attractive copy. dust jackets. most hard cover books published since the early 20th century were sold with a dust jacket. the dust jacket is both the most decorative part of a book, and the most delicate. a missing dust jacket, or a dust jacket that is in poor condition, can cut a collectible book’s value more than 50% and make it harder to find a buyer. make sure that the copy you have matches the copy that is being offered. there are a number of ways that a book may, at first glance, look to be a rare collectible, but upon closer examination doesn’t match up. reprint editions: some publishers specialized in reprinting popular works in affordable reprint editions. publishers such as walter j. black, sun dial, triangle, collier, a.l. burt, and grosset & dunlop, to name just a few, would use the printing plates from the original publisher and reprint works long after their popularity was established. one way to check if your copy is a reprint is to compare the name of the publisher on the book’s spine to the name of the publisher on the title page. reprints will often have the original publisher’s name on the pages in the book, but the book binding will identify the name of the reprint publisher. later printings: publishers don’t use any standardized systems for identifying a first edition. each publisher uses their own individual system to state a first printing of a book. even the words ‘first edition’ aren’t a guarantee. publishers will sometimes forget to remove the ‘first edition’ words from the printing history page as they go into subsequent printings, and the number line is the only way that you can really know that your copy is a first edition. adding to the confusion, publishers will often change the way that they identify first editions. you can buy a guide to identifying first editions to make some sense of the confusion. book club editions book of the month clubs often use the same printing plates as the original publisher, right down to the words “first edition” on the printing history. you can find detailed help on identifying book club editions here. supply vs. demand. too many comparable copies currently for sale may indicate a glut in the market. it’s harder to sell a book if you have too much competition, and prices for that book tend to start going down. check the range. get an idea of the full range of similar copies currently offered. don’t just settle on the lowest or highest price for comparison. if you do decide to sell your copy, keep in mind that it may be months, or even years, before the right collector comes along. you might decide to offer your copy to a reputable local bookseller instead of selling it on your own. a professional bookseller can give you an immediate fair offer for your book, but their price will need to factor in the profit they need to run their business, so don’t be surprised to be offered 1/4 of the average retail. their offer will figure in their costs and the time that they expect to have it in their stock before a buyer comes along. by stephen | posted in book collecting, book value, faqs about books, how-to | tagged book club edition, book collecting, collecting, condition, dustjacket, rare books, scarce, value, worth | comments (2) brief introduction to book collecting december 6, 2010 – 11:15 am you know that feeling you sometimes get where you come to the last page of a really great book and you can’t quite believe that it’s over? you want it to keep going. you want something more. that’s the first symptom of a burgeoning addiction to book collecting. there isn’t one type of book collector. if you’ve ever kept a copy of a book that you had already finished reading, you’ve already started in collecting books. if you’ve ever bought a hardcover copy to replace the paperback, you are getting deep into addiction. how to get started buy what you like. although your book collection may go up in value over time, it’s never guaranteed. if you focus your collection on books that you know that you love, you will always be surrounded with a collection that reflects your love. find a theme. the focus of your collection may be a specific author, subject, binding style, series. you may want to collect rare works by classic authors, or you may collect paperback editions of golden era science fiction with their arresting cover illustrations. collections are as diverse as their owners. start slowly. one of the easiest ways to get started is to find a specific book that you love and buy a really nice copy of that book. it doesn’t need to be cost prohibitive to start. if, for example, one of your favorite books is for whom the bell tolls by ernest hemingway, you may be ready to spend a few hundred or a few thousand on a really lovely first edition, first issue with all the right points, but you can also buy a facsimile of the first edition, published by the first edition library, for only a few dollars. collecting as an investment no one can know the future market value of a book anymore than they can predict stock prices, but just like investing in stocks, you can make some informed decisions about what you are buying. buy low, sell high: the best time to buy a book is before it goes up in value. just like the people who invested in ibm stock decades ago, you can get in on the ground floor of a future collectible. sometimes known as hyper-modern firsts, buying a first edition of a book soon after it is first published can be a great way to get in early before the price goes up. published in 2008, the first edition of the english language edition of steig larsson’s the girl with the dragon tattoo are already going for more than a thousand dollars! investing in the classics. just like blue chip stocks, buying an established work or author can be a safe way to preserve your initial investment, even if you don’t realize huge profit margins. the value of a work of incunabula isn’t likely to plummet anytime soon. the basics no matter what you collect, a few basics apply. supply and demand: the value of a book is directly correlated to the market demand. every book has a first edition, but the value of the first edition as a collectible is a matter of the number of copies available and the number of people looking for them. condition, condition, condition. the value of a collectible book is based on the condition of a book. the most desirable copy of any book is a perfect copy. each flaw takes away from a book’s value. when buying a collectible book, make sure and read the description carefully, and pay attention to the condition of the book and the dust jacket. jackets required for the most part, any book of fiction, and the majority of non-fiction published since around world war i was sold with a dust jacket. the dust jacket of a collectible book can be the most valuable part of the book, since it is the most fragile. a dust jacket on a rare collectible book can be 80% of the book’s value. the earlier the better. in general, the earliest works by an author are the most valuable. this is due to a couple of reasons: very early works by an author tend to not sell as many copies. readers don’t know the author’s works yet, so they tend to not run out and buy their books as soon as they are published. since publishers know that tendency in readers, they often won’t print as many copies of the first edition, making the supply of first editions scarcer. in part, the goal of collecting first editions is to go back to the source. if the first edition of the book is the closest to the original version of that work, the author’s first published work is one step closer to the author. a signed manuscript is possibly the closest to the original source, and thus can bring the highest prices. a first edition means the first printing. the first edition of a book, for the purposes of collecting modern books, is the first printing of that book. the term “first thus” is used when describing a first printing of a later edition. have fun! the goal of book collecting is to express your love of books. there isn’t a right or wrong way to do that. by stephen | posted in book collecting | tagged book collecting, collecting books, home library, love of books, tips | comments (0) faq: promotional codes on biblio december 3, 2010 – 12:59 pm biblio.com is happy to provide promotional coupon codes to help our users save money on their book purchases.  keep reading for the scoop on our promo codes, where to get them, and how to use them! where can i find promo codes? the marketing department at biblio.com occasionally sends out timely emails with coupon codes and special offers for biblio subscribers, as well as suggested gift lists and other goodies. all you have to do is agree to receive them when you sign up for a customer account on biblio.com. visit our coupons page for more details! but that isn’t all!  after you order a book from biblio.com, we send a follow-up email to ensure that you received your book and that you are a happy customer.  these emails also contain promotional coupon codes which can be used during your next book purchase! how do i use promo codes during checkout? the promotional code box is in your cart.  the prompt is located at the bottom of your cart, right next to the place where you calculate shipping. enter your promo code in the blank white box and then click on the button that says “apply.”  you will see the discount applied to the total at that time! you can only use one promo code per order. also, promo codes apply to book price total only, and do not discount shipping or taxes. if there is no discount reflected in your total after you hit “apply,” it is because the promo code is invalid, or expired.  please double-check your spelling and try again, or contact customer service for further assistance. by amber | posted in how-to, sales, saving money | tagged cheap books, coupon, coupon code, discount, discount books, promo code, promotional | comments (0) why should i support independent bookstores? december 3, 2010 – 10:33 am we love our indie bookstores! biblio.com is an online marketplace for independent booksellers. we exist in order to provide a venue where local, independent bookstores can reach a global audience. we love our local bookstores, and foster the belief that a book that has been owned, read and cherished only adds to its value and enriches its history. many of our customers aren’t looking for just any old book; they’re searching for a genuine experience that hearkens back to the touch and smells of an old bookshop from the dark days before the internet. we strive to create this tangible experience with biblio’s vast inventory of rare, out of print, and otherwise hard to find books, an inventory which is cultivated by our independent sellers. why is shopping at independent bookstores such a big deal? as an independently-owned and operated company, we understand the importance of independence among our booksellers and customers. with increased globalization and big-box companies reducing competition, we’re doing what we can to revitalize the small business economy by creating quality connections between readers, collectors and booksellers, and promote healthy business competition. the words “consumer” and “supplier” are not used around our office. the things that independent bookstores have to offer include a depth of experience, convenience, employees who tend to be more engaged with their inventories, contact with local authors and books from your area, and many other small but significant perks.  healthy bookstores can offer community outreach programs and events to promote literacy and celebrate the world of the written word. offering your active support by choosing to shop at local, independently-owned businesses means that dollars, jobs, and taxes remain in your community, fostering unique shops, happy citizens, and a diverse selection of products offered by people that you know. consider this: local retailers tend to purchase more of their goods from local suppliers, as well as other services. hometown banks, local accountants, and advertisements on local radio and in community newspapers directly stimulates your town’s economy on a small but steady scale. when you shop at an independently owned business, your entire community benefits! how do i find my local indie bookstores? book stores on biblio.com -  enter your zipcode to find a listing of biblio booksellers with open storefronts in your area.  you can search their inventories on biblio, and then stop by and show them some love in person, save on shipping fees and reduce your carbon footprint. for more resources on finding the indie bookstores in your area, check out indiebound.org. by amber | posted in bookstores | tagged bookseller, bookstores, community, independent business, independents, indie, indiebound, local, shop local | comments (0) faq: what is an isbn? december 2, 2010 – 4:27 pm what is an isbn? isbn stands for international standard book number and is a unique identifying number for a book.  it refers to a specific edition which means that a paperback and a hardcover of the same title will have different isbns.  a textbook will have a separate isbn for each edition. if a book is reprinted by its same publisher, without any changes or revisions, it will keep the same isbn.  publishers, libraries, booksellers both in retail stores and online, find isbns invaluable.  a book shopper can also find them very helpful. all books published since 1970 (1974 in the u.k.) have 10-digit isbns. how to locate the isbn on the rear cover of a book. since 2005-2007 books also have a 13-digit number which begins with 978. to find the isbn look on the back of the book. if the number is not identified as isbn, then look in the bar code area for a 13-digit number beginning with 978.  the isbn can also be found on the copyright page in the front of the book. tips for using an isbn for a search: you can use either the 10-digit or 13-digit isbn to search in the keyword field on biblio.com. you do not need to include dashes, just the number with no spaces between the numbers. an isbn refers to a specific edition of a book.  if you need a particular edition or format for a book, the isbn should guarantee getting the book you expect. this is particularly relevant with textbooks and other books that have been updated. as previously mentioned, paperback editions and hardcover editions will have their own isbns. if you are looking for a book with specific formatting such as large print, or possibly an edition printed in the u.k. instead of the u.s., then the isbn can be very useful. if you want to read a book but are not particular about the edition, then don’t limit yourself to one isbn. search with the title or title and author information. keep in mind that books published before 1970 will not have an isbn.  even though a book is currently out-of-print, as long as it was published after 1970, it will have an isbn.  sometimes books that are out of print are reprinted. biblio offers a unique multiple isbn search that allows you to enter one or more isbn numbers to be searched for simultaneously. biblio’s isbn search helps you find the right title, every time. by caren | posted in book identification, book terminology, faqs about books, how-to | tagged booksearch, faq, international standard book number, isbn, search features, search tips, used book search, used textbooks | comments (0) tips for saving money on biblio december 2, 2010 – 3:31 pm biblio makes it easy for you to save your hard-earned money! biblio.com has an amazing selection of new, used, rare, and out of print books from thousands of different booksellers, but that isn’t all we have to offer. we want our beloved book buyers to be able to save money while shopping with us, so we are pleased to provide a couple of options to help you save money on your next purchase from biblio! sign up for our newsletter  and special offer emails the marketing department at biblio.com occasionally sends out timely emails with coupon codes and special offers for biblio subscribers, as well as suggested gift lists and other goodies. all you have to do is agree to receive them when you sign up for a customer account on biblio.com. register for an account with biblio.com and make sure you click the box next to “yes! i would like to receive periodic special offers and discounts from biblio.” (https://www.biblio.com/create_account.php) if you are already registered with biblio.com, you can modify your subscription to our special offer emails by going to (https://www.biblio.com/update_account.php) and clicking the box at the bottom of that page and hitting the button that says “save changes.” receive exclusive promo codes after you order a book from biblio.com, we will send a follow-up email to ensure that you received your book and that all is well.  these emails also contain promotional coupon codes which can be used during your next book purchase! if you have questions about how to use promo codes during checkout on biblio, click here for more information. check out our bookseller’s sales the discount books page on biblio.com provides a special search feature to see if your desired book is on sale from any one of our thousands of independent booksellers.  it provides options to limit your search by book price and free shipping offers.  there is also a list of bookstores with special offers and seasonal discounts if you’d rather browse that way. try our bulk book search biblio offers the use of a bulk book search tool, which allows you to input a list of isbns, specify the condition of the books,  the country where you’d like them shipped, and whether you prefer standard or expedited shipping.  the bulk book search tool does all of the hard work by analyzing every possible combination of booksellers and their inventories to arrive at the ideally priced order!  just choose the copies that you want, and add them to your cart.  perfect for the avid reader, or the student looking for the best prices on cheap textbooks. finding cheap textbooks check out our guide to buying textbooks online, buying used textbooks and buying international edition textbooks to save money on your next semester! save money on shipping biblio is a marketplace for thousands of independent booksellers, and each bookseller listing on biblio determines their own shipping prices for items they are sending.  shipping charges can vary, depending on many factors including the size and weight of the books ordered, the distance the order has to travel from the bookseller to the customer, the shipping method used by the bookseller, and whether you choose standard or expedited shipping. free shipping! some of the booksellers on biblio offer free shipping for books being shipped within the united states. what country is that book coming from? biblio.com is an international marketplace. if you see a very high shipping cost, it may be due to higher international shipping rates.  you can limit your search results by the country the book is shipping from on the biblio advanced search page. can you buy all of your desired books from the same bookseller? each of our independent booksellers listing on biblio determines their own shipping prices for items they are sending.  most booksellers offer discounted shipping on any additional books added to an order. you can see a bookseller’s rates by clicking on the link that says “calculate shipping” on the book detail page. if you are looking at the listing page of a book you are interested in, or while in your shopping cart, you can click on the bookseller’s business name to visit a search page for that individual bookseller.   from there, you can search or browse for more books from that seller’s inventory. once you have selected additional books from the seller, simply place them in your cart to receive multiple book shipping discounts from that seller. now you can procure the next book on your to-read list, and make sure that you save your hard-earned money by finding it on biblio! by amber | posted in how-to, saving money, search tips | tagged account registration, cheap books, cheap textbooks, coupon, coupon code, promo code, saving money on books, used book search, used textbooks | comments (0) how to search for books on biblio december 2, 2010 – 11:42 am so, let’s say that you have a specific book that you wish to purchase, and it’s not easy to find a copy. perhaps it is a rare book from your childhood, or a particular edition of a book that you wish to give as a gift. a rare or out-of-print book (a book that is no longer being published) can seem impossible to find, especially if you are shopping at the local big-box bookseller. but that is why biblio and our legions of independent booksellers are here to help! if you know the title or at least an author’s name, we can give you the tools you to track down just about any book that you want. so how can you best use biblio to find that perfect, long-lost listing? the home page of biblio.com provides a basic search form with the following fields: author: this field is for searching by the name of the book’s author. you can use their full name, or even just the surname. it is important to ensure that you are spelling the author’s name correctly. searching for “steven king” won’t get you a copy of “carrie,” but searching by “stephen king” will. title: this field is for searching by the title of the book. you can use a partial title, or even just a couple of words from the complete title. for example, if you search with the phrase hardy boys in the title field, you will end up viewing every single book with “hardy boys” in the title. if you used the phrase “hardy boys skull”, you’d find results for the 27th book in the series, “the secret of skull mountain (hardy boys #27).” keyword/isbn: this is a wild-card field that searches the title, author, and descriptions of book listings to match your input if you enter text into this box. if the author and title search fields are not finding that perfect book, you can experiment with the keyword field. for example, if you want a complete set of a series, try putting the word “set” or the words “complete set” in the keyword field.  to specify a certain volume try entering “volume 6″ or “volume six,” or a description like “third edition” to narrow your search.  you may also get good results with phrases like “leather” or “leather bound.” this field is also for searching by isbn.  input the 10 or 13 digit number (with or without dashes) to find your book on biblio. for more information about using isbns, click here for our faq. there are other options that you can use on this main search page: binding: this drop-down box allows you to choose between hardcover, softcover, or any. first edition: check this box to limit your search to “first editions” only. signed copies: check this box to limit your search to signed copies. please double -check the listing’s description to ensure that the signature on the book is the one that you want, as it could be signed by someone other than the author, such as the illustrator. (to learn the difference between signed and inscribed books, click here!) now, your dream listing might include some more specific details. what if you wanted to sort your search results by quantity of books, the year it was published, the illustrator involved, or condition of the book?  you can find the advanced search options on biblio.com by clicking on the words “advanced search” from the main search page. the advanced search on biblio.com gives you the options we’ve already discussed, and a whole lot more to play with: publisher: do you want the penguin edition of the count of monte cristo? this field will limit your search results by the publisher that you key in. the raven, by edgar allen poe, illustrated by gustave doré illustrator: the gustave doré illustrated version of edgar allen poe’s the raven is definitely a sought-after book. use this field to find booksillustrated by your preferred artist. condition: when shopping for used books, condition can be what makes or breaks a sale! this drop-down box offers “new,” “fine,” and “very good or better” as options to limit your search results. the condition is added by the individual bookseller listing that book, so please read the description carefully and ask the bookseller if you have any specific queries beyond what they have provided on biblio. shipping from: are you in a hurry to receive your book? use this drop-down box to limit your search results to booksellers shipping from a particular country to avoid customs hassles or the perils of tracking international packages. dust jacket: click this box to ensure that your search results include books with dust jackets. with bookseller-supplied photos: biblio displays the stock images of books when available. checking this box ensures that your search results include listings where the bookseller has provided actual images of the book being offered for sale. price between: these boxes allow you to input a minimum price and maximum price that you are willing to pay. date between: limit the years of publication to pinpoint the exact edition book you are searching for. sort results by: price, relevance, author, title…this drop-down box decides how your search results appear. the default setting is price (lowest). display: this drop-down box allows you to choose how many results are shown per page. only books changed since: if you are regularly hunting on biblio for a particular title that is difficult to find, you can use this drop-down box to limit your results to listings that have been recently modified so that you only see the most updated books. within _ miles of zipcode: this option allows you to search for books that may be available in stores near you! we encourage you to support your local brick and mortar, independent booksellers. at least _ copies on hand: do you have 5 people that you’d like to give the same book to? what about donating 30 copies of a novel to a local classroom? this option allows you to limit your search results to booksellers who have your ideal quantity on hand. this can save you on shipping rates! (for more money-saving search tips, click here!) “but i still can’t find my book!” – troubleshooting your search are you sure that everything is spelled correctly? double-check the author’s name, the book’s title, and any other data entered to ensure that everything is input accurately. is the author’s name in the title field? don’t laugh – i do it all of the time.  it is easy to accidentally put the title in the author field, and vice versa. maybe your search is too stringent!  try to search with just the basic information first.  most of the other refining criteria (binding, dates of publication, country shipping from, condition) are easy to add from the toolbar on the right side of the search results page. if you are certain that all is correct and you still are not able to find your desired book on biblio.com, we encourage you to make it a “saved search.”  if you are a registered user of biblio.com, you can set up email alerts to notify you if someone adds your desired book at any point in the future. to learn more, visit our post, “what is a saved search or want list?” to learn more about other ways to find books on biblio.com, check out these other useful bibliology blog posts: bulk book search understanding “grouped search” results by amber | posted in how-to, search tips | tagged advanced search, booksearch, guide, how to search, out of print, search, search features, search tips, tips, used book search | comments (0) graham greene gives a nod to second-hand books november 24, 2010 – 4:47 pm the ministry of fear, by graham greene published in 1943 by prolific writer graham greene, the ministry of fear begins with the protagonist’s visit to an afternoon fete, replete with nostalgia for childhood innocence and security. “arthur rowe turned over the books and found with an ache of the heart a dingy copy of the little duke. he paid sixpence for it and walked on.” a few pages later, arthur rowe’s life in rented rooms is compared to a man camping. “any books there were from the two-penny or the public library except for the old curiosity shop and david copperfield, which he read, as people used to read the bible, over and over again, til he could have quoted chapter and verse, not so much because he liked them as because he had read them as a child, and they carried no adult memories.” in the first part of the book, arthur rowe is haunted by memories, with guilt and grief isolating him from past friends, society and peace of mind.  later the protagonist, while imprisoned in an asylum which pretends to protect him, he struggles with loss of memory. greene divided his fiction into novels and less serious works which he labeled entertainments. although this work is designated an entertainment by greene, the ministry of fear, set in london during the blitz of world war ii, extends and explores complex and serious dark sides of human nature, beyond my idea of an “entertainment.”  that said, it’s an engaging, readable book with beautiful prose. at the end of the book greene throws in a bitter psychological twist.  many readers take greene’s word about its finality, but i do not.  his characters have years of life ahead with opportunities for change as their inner spirits and the tides of circumstance guide them. by the end of this book i had grown very fond of main character author rowe.  his story is a wonderful example of a man with an inner moral compass – a quiet, gentle and self-reliant man, seemingly reticent, even passive, but he does not lose sight of his resolve to pursue a web of wrongs.  his bravery is exemplary. i intend to keep my second-hand copy of the ministry of fear close by. by caren | posted in book reviews | tagged book review, bookstores, graham greene, review, second-hand books, used books | comments (0) gift list: 10 books for the coffee table november 24, 2010 – 4:42 pm a collection of images from the notorious graffiti artist. banksy wall and piece a contemporary graffiti artist based in london, banksy is known not only for his “illegal” works of art, but also his lack of real identity. a grassroots documentary is scheduled to be released in 2011, and this book is a great conversation starter at parties. one of the most famous 'mathematical' artists, now available in your living room. m.c. escher the graphic work this generously-sized book offers beautiful black and white copies of escher’s works. not only is it a comprehensive collection with historical background, but it can turn into a project. your gift recipient can get crafty and simply cut out their favorite full-page pieces and frame them for instant wall-art. tapes. photographs. need we say more? sam stephenson the jazz loft project between the years 1957 and 1965, in a dilapidated building on sixth avenue, w. eugene smith captured on tape and in photographs one of the most in-depth records of the thriving jazz scene in america. this is a the gift for any music lover. the book has some stunning photographs of  famous modern musicians, as well as transcript snippets. music junkies, beware. this book is highly addictive. fred woodward; jann s. wenner rolling stone: the complete covers there’s really not much to explain about why this book is great: 1967-1997, 773 gorgeous reproductions of the music mag’s covers. slick, sensational, perfect for anyone who has ever bought one issue of rolling stone in their life. living room, sun room, waiting room--perfect for any room. karin; claude sagner-duchting monet claude monet 1840-1926 need something a little lighter? monet works wonders, every time. from peaceful waterlilies to dazzling sunsets, claude monet created a standard for generations of impressionist painters. this is also a great book to introduce kids to different periods of art history. a gorgeous collection and a chance to discover some great artists. steven heller; louise fili german modern: graphic design from wilhelm to weimar if the cover doesn’t get the guests thumbing these pages, the art certainly will. a choice collection for the artist in the family, or for the person who just simply has too much van gogh in their life and needs a little refreshing gift. are you a literature nerd? yes, we are too, and one of us owns a copy of this book. george g. stewart yoknapatawpha, images and voices: a photographic study of faulkner to buy this book, or to receive it as a gift, you must meet one of the following criteria: 1) you own a copy of faulkner’s the sound and the fury. 2) you can accurately pronounce “yoknapatawpha.” if you own this book, or if you give this book as a gift, you will automatically be cool. leroy grannis surf photography of the 1960s and 1970s in the words of modern-day surfers, “if you’re gonna go, go big.” and this book is no exception. to come across a mint copy of this book is rare, or you can even splurge or “go big” and buy a limited edition for your special someone. amazing photographs. for the cinema connoisseur--a dark, edgy gift for their library. laurent bouzereau; patricia hitchcock hitchcock, piece by piece the man made more than 50 full-length feature films and left his mark on the thriller genre forever. now, give the gift that goes behind the scenes. this book features tons of photographs (of course)–family photos, work photos, etc. as well as removable memorabilia such as letters and memos. flowers, fruit trees and shrubbery, oh my! this book is simply lush. jane garney private gardens of connecticut don’t forget the green thumbs among your friends and family! simply put, this book is an indulgence for anyone who picks it up. and if you aren’t inspired to fully landscape around the house after flipping through these pages, we bet you’ll at least plant some basil in the spring. by catherine | posted in book collecting, sales, top 10 lists | tagged gift list | comments (0) « older posts blog search our blog pages calendar of book collecting and literary events categories book blog network book care book repair book collecting book identification book terminology book value home library book reviews bookselling bookstores faqs about books for fun forum how-to interview news & announcements profiles authors illustrators sales saving money search tips textbooks top 10 lists uncategorized archives december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 august 2008 june 2008 march 2008 january 2008 december 2007 november 2007 october 2007 september 2007 august 2007 july 2007 september 2006 june 2006 january 2006 december 2005 september 2005 may 2005 blogroll book faerie: journey of a bookseller for the love of books ibooknet juxtabook – bookseller's blog peakirk books rss feeds all posts all comments advanced book search browse by subject browse by book list how to find used & out of print books discount books free shipping free coupons tips for saving money on books new books used & out-of-print books rare books how to be notified of new arrivals find rare books book value book forum learn about book collecting discount textbooks sell textbooks k-12 textbooks tips for saving on textbooks online find bookshops find specialists become a biblio.com bookseller why support independent bookstores? sign up to receive offers and updates: services your account 30-day return guarantee libraries & institutions help & faq contact us about why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff biblioworks social responsibility media & press books blog company blog resources discount textbooks link your site to biblio.com refer a friend for booksellers free bookseller software affiliate program book repair articles book glossary select country privacy & security terms & conditions site map copyright © 2000-2010 biblio, inc. all rights reserved.