来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101229004618/http://www.biblio.com/rare-books.html
================================================================================

rare books - old & antiquarian books including antique & old childrens' books new to biblio? your account need help? sign in | register book search shop books collect books our bookstores community advanced booksearch isbn search multiple booksearch search discount books search textbooks search rare books art books biography books children's books cook books gardening books shop more subjects browse authors... history books mystery books religious books romance books science fiction books discount books textbooks bookstores in the u.s. bookstores in canada bookstores in the u.k. bookstores in europe bookstores in australia find bookshops find specialists for booksellers antique & collectibles art & architecture books into film children's fine bindings illustrated books manuscripts & documents maps and atlases modern first editions mystery rare literature rare military science fiction & fantasy signed books book forum blog our story why shop at biblio? customer book reviews buy gift certificates shop bibliotopia cart 0 items find books by keyword or isbn: find books by author: find books by title: home > rare books shop categories used books used book search browse used books by subject specials & discount books books with free shipping used books by author rare books just arrived rare books find rare books collectible children's books signed books modern first editions rare history books browse more rare books collectible book forum book repair and preservation out of print books out-of-print book search new books save on new books new books by author textbooks discount textbooks textbook buyback k-12 textbooks guide to buying textbooks online biblio forums book collecting topics from the biblio unbound forum collecting first editions & signed books store rare books in fire-safe? december 02, 2010, 11:33:39 pm by bomoon i have a few rare books that probably should be stored either off-site in a safety deposit box, or here in my house in some kind of secure container. i'm not keen on off-site storage for a number of reasons (including lack of funds for archival storage, lack of environmental control over a safety deposit box in bank, etc).i have a fire safe, but this is one of those safes that provides protection from heat by releasing moisture into the chamber in the event of a fire.according to the manufacturer, i could store rare books in the safe provided i placed them in an airtight container first, and then stored the container in the safe.i know however that "airtight" isn't always the best option for rare books. my uninformed idea is that the books would first be placed in some kind of buffered storage enclosure (ph 7.5-9.5) to take care of acidity. the buffered enclosure would then be placed in an airtight container. finally, the airtight container would go in the safe.does this idea sound remotely sane? unfortunately there is another problem with airtight containers that may render all of these questions moot.  my safe is rated for 2-hour protection against external temperatures as high as 1800 deg f.  this translates to an interior temperature as high as 350 deg f.the polypropylene used to manufacture plastic airtight containers (tupperware, rubbermaid, etc) melts at approx 320 deg f.  even if i do opt for airtight containers of some kind, they can't be made of plastic.given all that, does anyone have any ideas?  should i just forget about trying to work with this fire-safe, and take a closer look at off-site storage?thanks for your time,bomoon find out more... 4 comments | write comment softcover with loose binding/cover november 29, 2010, 11:58:17 am by lux8716 hello there,i have a softcover, 1st edition of a older science fiction novel where the cover has started to detach from the binding.  is there a practical solution to this problem or would it be better to leave it as is?  i'd rather not damage the book further, but i'm pretty sure the cover going to completely come apart from the book if not fixed.  any information is greatly appreciated.thanks find out more... 1 comment | write comment spreading ink november 22, 2010, 03:56:30 pm by dustjac3 hi all,i have a book signed by author and maybe it's my eyes but the notation looks like it is worse than when i picked it up several years ago.  is their anything i could/should do to prevent it from getting worse?  the signature is from 1913.  thanks, find out more... 2 comments | write comment book care and repair: adding value to your books little women november 18, 2010, 06:42:51 am by moi786 i was recently given an extremely old little women book. i was wondering if anyone knows when this copy was published. it was published by london:croome & co , 12 st bride street, ludgate circus . any help will be appreciated thanks find out more... 0 comments | write comment great collection november 06, 2010, 01:50:17 pm by kenjaoptonlinenet i have:an outstanding, one of a kind, book collection    25 years worth of collecting,  primarily 20th century literature, featuring signed first editions by literary giants, poets, playwrights, history makers, artists to be sold in its entirety.great books, almost all signed, just under 150 total titles, some historic, great variety,top authors.please email me if you are interested or know a serious collector who may be.  i'll be glad to give you the full breakdown.thanks,kenkenja@optonline.net find out more... 1 comment | write comment library for sale october 28, 2010, 11:20:44 pm by ruggieroassoc from a private north carolina collection comes 119 lots of early american history and travel, literature, first editions, and fine bindings including american 18th/19thc virginia history, early va maps, the american museum, life of washington, american gardener's calendar, vol. 2 the federalist 1802, tour dr syntax, felix holt, voyage de l'afrique, civil war, cooks voyages, collection of erotica, d.h.lawrence, collection hemingway, tennessee williams, oscar wilde, louis carroll, sandburg, poetry, sporting, and photography. there are numerous multiple book lots by the same author and on similar subjects. find out more... 0 comments | write comment newsletter sign-up sign up to receive special biblio.com offers and updates. customer service find rare books new: just arrived rare books! author title keyword or isbn search only rare books first editions: signed books: advanced search browse rare books shop our rare book collection antique & collectible books antique & collectible books fore-edge painting incunabula proofs/advance copies rare manuscripts & documents vintage and pulp paperbacks xvith century books biography biography books on books bibliography typography business & finance business collectible cook books collectible cook books rare books about food economics history of economic thought ephemera ephemera fine press books and fine bindings book arts fine bindings fine press books genealogy genealogy heraldry holidays collectible christmas books collectible hanukkah books illustrated books collectible graphic novels illustrated books rare comic books literature beat generation books into film collectible children's books dutch language fiction of the west french language german language modern first editions mythology poetry & drama books rare collectible mystery books rare horror novels rare literature books romance fiction russian language science fiction & fantasy collectible books spanish language rare art & architecture books american artists british artists drawing east asian art european artists japanese art music original art work performing arts rare art & architecture books rare photography books renaissance sculpture rare history books african american studies american history ancient history antebellum south asian history british history canadian history civil war classical history collectible canadiana egyptology rare history books (cont.) european history european wars french history german history irish history middle eastern native american rare history books rare military books rare western americana russian history western americana women's studies world war i world war ii rare law books rare law books rare philosophy & religion buddhism christian books eastern religions hinduism islam judaica metaphysics and new age old bibles rare occult rare philosophy & religion books rare psychology reference dictionaries encyclopedia science & technology anthropology archaeology books botany engineering mathematics natural history rare bird books and ornithology rare medical books science & technology zoology sets multi-volume sets signed books association copies presidential and celebrity signatures signed books sports and recreation baseball books coinage / numismatics gambling and games hobbies & crafts hunting and gun books martial arts books rare and collectible sport books rare fishing & angling books rare golf books soccer transportation automobile and car books aviation books general transportation maritime train books travel and exploration anglophilia asiana australiana canadiana maps and atlases mountaineering oceania rare americana books rare travel and exploration books rare travel guides learn about book collecting faq: what is an isbn? a definition and explanation of the isbn system for book identification, and tips on using them in online book searches. gift list: 10 books for the coffee table ten suggestions for literary gifts for any coffee table. what is the most memorable book you received for the holidays? a suggestion of holiday books with dear memories from the staff of biblio. used books and using books: for children reasons to buy used books instead of new for children's gift-giving. the cataloguer?s desk:?is my harry potter book valuable?? is your copy of harry potter and the philosopher's stone one of those rare and collectible first edition, first printings? can you identify a book club edition? how you can tell the difference between a first edition, first printing, and a book club edition of a collectible book - and why it matters! claim your local literary heroes as you probably have read or heard, asheville is home to many authors and literary wonders. i do not know if it’s the beautiful western north carolina mountains or the creative atmosphere that fosters the arts; but there are several writers who can call asheville their home. probably the author that is most closely associated [...] 2010 national collegiate book collecting contest winners announced! andrew fink is the first place winner in the 2010 national collegiate book collecting contest! blondes have more fun?and books? booktryst blog has posted an in-depth and fascinating blog post about marilyn monroe and her love of books and fine literature. a true passion for books elizabeth kostova spoke at a reception thursday evening, october 7th on carolina day’s key school campus in asheville, north carolina. throughout her talk, she shared her childhood experiences which were centered on reading.  her growing up years were not only focused on silent reading, but reading aloud to one another.  kostova’s family read the classics including jane austen, henry [...] a profile of arthur rackham, famous illustrator a profile of arthur rackham, an artist from victorian era england who is best known for his lush, detailed illustrations depicting the mystical world of fantasy and fairy tales. and the winner is? the 2010 nobel prize for literature has been awarded to peruvian writer, mario vargas llosa. hold on, nobel prize for literature to be announced tomorrow as time draws near, the nobel prize for literature will soon be announced in sweden. the rest of the world will hear about the winner thursday, october 7th at 7:00 am est. what is a saved search or want list? as many seasoned book collectors know, used, rare, and out-of-print books can move fast on the internet: especially more desirable or scarce books. occasionally, when you search for a book on biblio, you may find that we don’t have any copies available at the moment.  don’t give up hope, though!  that elusive, rare book may [...] are books dead? has the time of e-books has come, and if so, does that mean the end of books as we know them? what does it mean for book collecting and book selling in the digital age? the hottest rare books on the internet if you're like most serious book collectors, you want to get the first look and first jump on the best rare books as they come on the market - particularly if you're in a highly competitive niche like rare childrens' books. if so, you've come to the right place to find biblio's constantly updated list of newly arrived rare books. why biblio is better for book collectors outside the u.s. its common knowledge that many online booksellers list their inventory across multiple venues: the same book, from the same seller, at the same price. so the question often becomes, for the buyer: "which site should i buy this book from?" book collecting: beer and career book collecting isn’t just for the bookish, it’s a rewarding pastime for anyone who is passionate about life. nigel beale talks about collecting books on beer and work-related subjects, and shows us that it is indeed possible to mix work and pleasure on the bookshelf. it?s not just about the content from nudes and abstract oil, to howard hodgkin, iris murdoch, and the private presses…book collectors go for much more than just meaning. a small shelf of books: size matters by mark stueve, bookseller, old erie street books the size of one’s personal library is governed by two distinct factors: the largeness of one’s purse, and the size of one’s quarters. add personal taste and a perfect trifecta of ideas comes to life. those of us living today who enjoy an unlimited path to owning [...] services your account 30-day return guarantee libraries & institutions help & faq contact us about why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff biblioworks social responsibility media & press books blog company blog resources discount textbooks link your site to biblio.com refer a friend for booksellers free bookseller software affiliate program book repair articles book glossary select country privacy & security terms & conditions site map copyright © 2000-2010 biblio, inc. all rights reserved.