来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111227111608/http://www.biblio.com/blog/
================================================================================

biblio.com blog why shop biblio? sign in | register | community | help search specialsjust arrived rare books textbooks bookstores cart 0 items advanced book search home > blog « older posts “12 days of christmas” giveaway on facebook december 6, 2011 – 4:39 pm be sure to join us on wednesday, december 7th, 2011 for our 12 days of christmas giveaway on facebook! “!2 days of christmas” giveaway is easy to play! go to our facebook page to like our page and play along. each day, we’ll post a question at 10am edt, starting dec 7th. you post a reply in the comments section, and we’ll use our random generator tool to select a winner. you have until 8:30am edt the next day to post your reply. we’ll announce that winner that morning at 9am edt. each winner will receive a special 50% off coupon for their entire purchase on biblio (up to $25 max discount). those 12 winners will then be entered into a grand prize drawing on december 19th, when one person will win free books for a year in 2012! the grand prize winner will be announced on tuesday, december 20th at 1pm edt. questions? direct them to marketing @ biblio.com good luck! – rules and details: no purchase is necessary to play. all participants must agree to facebook page terms of use and privacy policy. no derogatory comments, external links, spam or abusive language is allowed in comment replies section. biblio.com reserves the right to disqualify any participant in our giveaway. twelve (12) winners will receive a 50% coupon code for their next purchase on biblio.com. winners will be contacted via email with a special code. this coupon is for one person and one transaction only and will expire on january 1, 2012. $25 maximum discount. discount is not applicable on shipping and/or taxes. one (1) winner will receive free books for a year in 2012. winner will be contacted via email with details. the winner will be issued a $25 bibliobucks gift certificate on the first of each month for every month in 2012. those bibliobucks must be used within that month and can be applied to any purchase until the balance is zero or until the end of the month, whichever comes first. by catherine | posted in for fun, news & announcements | comments (2) biblioworks – social giving on biblio.com november 23, 2011 – 4:36 pm this holiday season, please consider utilizing the round up for reading program on biblio.com.  search biblio.com for the perfect book, and when you are in your shopping cart, click the button to round up for reading, choose the charity you want to share your change with, and complete checkout.  you get a book, and you help support global literacy programs! biblioworks is founded in the simple principle that literacy and education are critical components for the creation and vitality of sustainable communities and cultures. we believe that where knowledge, literacy, and learning exist, people have the resources they need to solve social issues, maintain and strengthen their cultural identities, as well as to grow their community economically. our organization is dedicated to improving literacy and opening educational doors so that children and young people will have new opportunities to pursue studies and vocations which will allow them to serve their communities in order to develop strategies which will eliminate poverty. in rural bolivia the concept of public libraries is relatively new, and most children and young people do not have the vital access to books and information they need to achieve success. we turned to matthew lynn, biblioworks project coordinator, to provide details about this amazing charity: how long have you worked there? i have been in bolivia for seven years, first as a peace corps volunteer and started working with biblioworks three and a half years ago. what drew you to work with biblioworks? many reasons. i love bolivia and the children of bolivia and saw through my pc experience that those children deserve and thirst for a quality education and that with that quality education they can do amazing things which improve their communities and subsequently our world. when i met megan sherar, the former biblioworks project coordinator in 2007, i knew i wanted to be a part of this organization. literacy and a joy of reading are gifts everyone in the world deserves. what’s the best part of working there? there’s lots of great parts, but the best part would have to be traveling to all of our eight rural libraries and building both professional and personal relationships with the gracious and beautiful people in those communities. our libraries are in small indigenous communities and the people are warm and welcoming, which makes our job that much easier. what is one of your more successful campaigns/programs? students in villa serrano making use of their library a few years back we organized a writing contest where kids ages 8-12 had to ask their grandparents to tell them folk legends they knew. the kids wrote out (and translated to spanish since their grandparents related the stories to them in quechua) and illustrated the stories. it was a great success and we would love to have more funding to be able to create more stories and possibly publish them in order to have relevant materials for our libraries. is there any new program that you’d like to draw focus towards? we have recently put together a traveling book bag filled with educational games that test multiplication, motor skills, creativity and other things which has been traveling to each of the libraries for a few days at a time. these games have been a great way to motivate kids to go to the libraries and motivate them to check out all of the great materials they have been stocked with. small programs like these will allow our libraries to be more sustainable, which is the main project we are working on this year. are there any stats that our customers should know about your organization? i think we have done a lot of great work on a relatively small budget. i would encourage people to read further on our website, under the “our projects” section to find out more states. but i think the most important thing customers should know about biblioworks is that we are driven by people who are all dedicated to literacy and improving the lives of less fortunate members of our global society. from the president of the board of directors based in asheville, nc, who is the former biblioworks in-country director, down to our librarians and the teachers in the towns where we work who understand the benefits of providing quality education to the future of their children, we are a a team of people who is getting things done. biblio is proud to support biblioworks and other literacy campaigns via our “round up for reading” campaign, with the assistance of beanstalk giving!  buy a book and support global literacy today! by amber | posted in interview, profiles | tagged beanstalk giving, biblioworks, charity, literacy | comments (0) read alliance – social giving on biblio november 21, 2011 – 4:44 pm this holiday season, please consider utilizing the round up for reading program on biblio.com. search biblio.com for the perfect book, and when you are in your shopping cart, click the button to round up for reading, choose the charity you want to share your change with, and complete checkout. you get a book, and you help support global literacy programs! read alliance works to improve the educational trajectory of at-risk kindergarten and first grade students through one-to-one tutoring in basic reading skills. we foster individual literacy by addressing the lack of early language and literacy experiences, enabling our kindergarten and first grade students, regardless of their baseline levels, to master grade level skills in phonics and fluency. since our founding in 2000, we’ve served more than 10,000 struggling students across all five boroughs of new york city, most from the city’s most disadvantaged neighborhoods, including bedford stuyvesant, harlem and the south bronx. read alliance is a newer name for this literacy program, which began in 1999 as the reading excellence and discovery (read) foundation.  angela giacchetti, the marketing and communications coordinator for read alliance, gave us the scoop on their awesome program: read alliance’s history and mission: after beginning in two schools in the bronx in 2000, read alliance has spread to more than 40 schools in all five boroughs of nyc and beyond, reaching more than 10,000 struggling readers. the mission: to improve the educational trajectory of at-risk kindergarten and first grade students through one-to-one tutoring in foundational reading skills. we believe that together, we can prevent those even in the most disadvantaged neighborhoods from falling behind in reading. that is exactly what we accomplish at read alliance, as our students gain more than one year’s growth in basic reading skills at this crucial time in early education. read for alliance in action in brooklyn are there any stats that our customers should know about your organization? at-risk kindergarten and first grade students that participate in the read alliance program gain an average of one year’s growth in basic reading. angela giacchetti spoke to one of their very spunky program managers, cynthia cruz, to answer our questions: how long have you worked here? what drew you to work with read alliance? what’s the best part of working there? the read alliance story is best told through the perspective of one of our staff members, cynthia cruz. cynthia has been with read alliance since 2001. she was first introduced to our program while working as a teacher’s aide in the bronx, where she says she “fell in love from the get-go”. the simplicity of the program, paired with its efficacy, was stunning. since then, she has moved from supervising an individual program at her school to full-time program manager at read alliance. the best part of working for read alliance is the same thing that drew cynthia to the program from the beginning: seeing the look on a child’s face who can read confidently. during her first summer supervising a read alliance program, she describes one of our many success stories. a little boy who was very shy and had a hard time reading was in danger of being left behind. then, read alliance started a program at his school. on the first day, he entered crying, kicking and screaming. by just the second week, he had grown so much that he refused to miss even one day. he could read. he wasn’t nervous. cynthia describes him as a butterfly that had finally come out of his cocoon. after meeting him and other children with similar stories, “i knew i was hooked”, cynthia says. cynthia’s dedication to giving kids the reading skills they need to succeed in school and in life makes her go the extra mile each day. in fact, it is the reason each of us at read alliance do what we do each day. biblio is proud to support read alliance and other literacy campaigns via our “round up for reading” campaign, with the assistance of beanstalk giving!  buy a book and support global literacy today! by amber | posted in interview, profiles | tagged beanstalk giving, charity, literacy, read alliance | comments (0) room to read – social giving on biblio.com november 18, 2011 – 1:26 pm this holiday season, please consider utilizing the round up for reading program on biblio.com. it is easy!  just search biblio.com for the perfect book, and while you are in the shopping cart, click the button to round up for reading, choose the charity you want to share your change with, and complete checkout. you get a book, and you help support global literacy programs! room to read is a global organization seeking to transform the lives of millions of children in the developing world by focusing on literacy and gender equality in education. founded on the belief that world change starts with educated children, room to read works in collaboration with local communities, partner organizations and governments to develop literacy skills and a habit of reading among primary school children and to ensure girls have the skills and support needed to complete their secondary education.  since 2000, room to read has impacted the lives of more than five million children in asia and africa and aims to reach 10 million children by 2015. learn more at www.roomtoread.org. to get more details about this awesome charity, we interviewed nicole rigg, the development associate at room to read: how long have you worked here? two amazing years what drew you to work with room to read? i worked on a project in cambodia at a school in which room to read established a library. they did an amazing job working with the community to train teachers and establish the library in a manner that was relevant and suited the cultural context. i thought to myself at the time, “i should remember these guys.” when i moved back to the united states i did, because i wanted to work for an organization that i had proof was delivering the results they said they were. what’s the best part of working there? tough question – overall it is knowing that as challenging as things can get or as busy as i am, it is because we are having such a huge impact on communities across asia and africa. what keeps me going when i have a proposal to finish late on friday night are the amazing people i work with. i have never worked at a company or organization where each and every staff member is exceptional and excels at what they do. how long has the program been around? the idea for room to read was sparked in 1999 when our founder took a trek in nepal. in 2000 we were officially registered. what is one of your more successful campaigns/programs? i probably shouldn’t choose a favorite, but i am drawn to our local language publishing program. shortly after we began establishing libraries in nepal we realized that there weren’t even enough books in the local language to fill a library to the standards we wanted! i grew up in a very small town and books were my way of learning about the world. i can’t imagine a life without them. we developed our local language publishing program to solve the dearth of children’s books that were local, and culturally- and age-appropriate. we work with local authors and illustrators across 8 countries (soon to be 10) to develop their skills into those needed to publish children’s books (in 25 languages) that not only teach children how to read, but also inspire imaginations and creativity, because if children enjoy reading, they will develop the habit which is essential to becoming a literate adult. is there any new program that you’d like to draw focus towards? right now our country teams across asia and africa are working extremely hard to develop our literacy instruction program which is in its pilot phase. one of the unfortunate realities that we have learned from our constant monitoring and evaluation is that many of the students who have access to our libraries can’t read or are not at grade level. this is a different type of program for room to read. our literacy instruction pilots focus on training teachers and supplementing the government curriculum for an ultimate outcome of increasing literacy, whereas traditionally we have focused on project-based results such as libraries, schools, books, etc. it fits in so perfectly with our work that it will really increase our impact. room to read library, kampon chhnang, cambodia are there any stats that our customers should know about your organization? 95: books per minute that children checked out of room to read libraries across asia and africa last year every 18 hours: how often room to read establishes a library 1,450: number of schools we have built 12,522: number of libraries established 591: number of children’s book titles created and published 10 million: number of books distributed 12,667: number of girls’ supported through our girls’ education program 6 million: number of children benefited since 2000 i think it is important to add that we evaluate what is behind these numbers. we constantly collect information to improve our programs and ask for grants, such as those from the bill and melinda gates foundation, to externally evaluate our work so that we have objective opinions on what we are doing right and what we can improve. biblio is proud to support room to read and other literacy campaigns via our “round up for reading” campaign, with the assistance of beanstalk giving!  buy a book and support global literacy today! by amber | posted in interview, profiles | tagged beanstalk giving, charity, literacy, room to read | comments (0) refining your science fiction book collection november 8, 2011 – 9:09 am 1st edition, 1st printing of _a swiftly tilting planet_ by madeline l'engle it starts off innocently enough.  you discover tales of wild adventures in space as a young child and it strikes your fancy and feeds your imagination.  over time, you branch out and learn the classics of science fiction: isaac asimov, arthur c. clarke, and other giants of the genre.  soon your fancy becomes a fandom! the books that have enchanted you for years quickly become something more than simple ink on paper, and begin to transform into pieces of art, literary history, and something worth holding on to.  the next thing you know, you are a collector, and if you are like me, the stacks of books in your home can make the hallways difficult to navigate. so, you may consider this an intervention.  it is time to focus and narrow down the teetering piles into a smaller, well-cared-for collection of science fiction literature. the task of caring for, researching, and pricing those stacks of books can be daunting.  it may well be that many of the titles on your bookshelf are worth some money, but where do you begin?  how do you pare down your beloved books to a sensible quantity for a beginner to maintain while building the foundations of a strong science fiction collection? we’ve come up with a couple of ways to manage your collection.  choosing one of the following directions, and then you can narrow the scope further by collecting only signed copies, or first editions within your chosen category.  trust me, the farther you drill down into the wide world of book collecting, the more specific you will be able focus your collection. by author: choose your favorite author to focus on; for example, jules verne, or madeline l’engle.  now you have a direction for your research and can aim your resources towards collecting the best from one of the earliest authors of science fiction. amazing stories 1942, volume 16, from bookseller john mccormick by publisher/press: tartarus press. easton press. ballentine adult fantasy. avon. ace science fiction specials, and more specifically, ace doubles.  this realm take quite a bit of research, but there are substantial checklists everywhere. by cover art:  the pulp era of science fiction has given our culture an amazing collection of art from the oddest corners of the artists’ imaginations.  if you have a favorite cover artist, this is a fun and easy way to build your collection.  or choose your favorite : robots; clunky starships; seriously bizarre aliens; desperate shrieking damsels and even cosmic footballs are oft-repeated themes. by award: this gives an easy avenue to focus your collection!  the nebula award, for example, names the best novel, novella, and short story for each year, as voted on and presented by the science fiction and fantasy writers of america, inc.   choosing to collect the works by winners of a given award provides a manageable annual checklist to follow for managing a reasonable and effective science fiction collection. by theme: this is a bit more vague of a focus, and the choice is all yours.  do you prefer to read tomes of gothic horror over the more traditional tales of time-travel and robotics?  finding a first edition of mary shelley’s frankenstein or h.p. lovecraft’s the shadow over innsmouth might be a bit out of your initial price range, but there’s also newer authors in that genre that are more affordable, and worth building a collection with, such as poppy z. brite or neil gaiman. whatever method you use to refine your collection, always remember that the main key to keeping those collectibles worth the investment is keeping them in the best condition possible.  our blog has more resources to help you learn to properly store and care for your books, identify a book club edition, and more. resources: collecting science fiction books http://collectingsf.com/resources.html biblio unbound: collecting science fiction pulps and digests by michael haynes http://www.biblio.com/unbound/2008/7/scifi.html the locus index to science fiction awards http://www.locusmag.com/sfawards/index.html by amber | posted in book collecting | tagged asimov, ballentine, book collecting, collecting books, easton press, jules verne, l'engle, lovecraft, nebula, neil gaiman, pulp, science fiction, shelley, tartarus | comments (4) neil gaiman, and “all hallows read” october 6, 2011 – 3:48 pm coraline, by neil gaiman are you tired of the traditional halloween candy feast? are you a fan of promoting literacy among our youth? join biblio.com in celebrating our newest, favorite holiday.  it has it’s ancient origins reaching all the way back to october 2010, when author neil gaiman proposed a global event to be held around halloween each year, called “all hallows read.” the concept behind all hallows read is really quite simple…just give someone a scary book.  that’s it! pay our booksellers a visit, or pop into your local bookshop and fill up on macabre stories for young and old alike.  hand them out alongside candy to trick or treaters, or to your friends wearing funny costumes, or have a table full of books at your ghoulish festivities for interested readers to grab up! if you aren’t sure what kind of scary books to give to kids, we have plenty of suggestions for the younger bibliophiles in our booklist: “spoooooky books for brave children” #allhallowsread is trending like crazy on neil gaiman’s twitter account: @neilhimself for more details about all hallow’s read, check out the official webpage what are your favorite scary books? leave us a comment and share your spine-tingling favorites! by amber | posted in for fun | tagged all hallows read, childrens' books, halloween, horror, neil gaiman | comments (4) bibliobucks giveaway winners announced… september 13, 2011 – 8:35 am good morning everyone! a big congratulations to the following folks who were randomly selected in our $50 bibliobucks giveaway: 1) nathan filizzi 2) jennifer reek 3) elizabeth demay. they each won a $50 bibliobucks gift certificate. and thank you to everyone for the kind words and suggestions on our blog! we’ll have another contest very soon. by catherine | posted in for fun | comments (0) enter for a chance to win a $50 bibliobucks gift certificate! september 8, 2011 – 11:05 am we reached over 3,000 fans on facebook and we wanted to take a moment to say, thank you. thanks to you, biblio is the largest independent marketplace online for used & rare books and booksellers!  thanks for supporting us and our fellow independent booksellers. here at biblio, we’ve got some exciting new projects underway, and we’ll be revealing these very soon. and in the meantime, we’d love to hear what you have to say about our company. we want to give away three $50 bibliobucks gift certificates to three lucky customers! so, here’s the deal: leave a comment below in the comments section of this blog post. tell us what you love about biblio, or what you would like to see on our website in 2012. keep your comments short, clean and professional. we value your feedback! on monday, september 12 at 5pm edt, we’ll close the comments section and randomly choose 3 people from the section. each winner will receive a $50 bibliobucks gift certificate . we’ll announce the winners on tuesday, september 13 at 9am edt on our facebook page and here on our blog. the giveaway starts now! we look forward to your feedback to help us grow and become a better company. good luck! fine print, of course: no purchase necessary to enter. only one (1) comment entry per person. comments containing external links, spam, inappropriate language and/or violates our terms of use on our website will be removed. comments made outside of this blog post or posted separately on facebook or another venue cannot be entered into the giveaway. all comments must be approved by an administrator before being posted, so please do not leave multiple copies of the same comment. contest runs from 9/8/2011-9/12/2011 5pm edt. winners will be contacted via the email address they leave in the comments section, and will be asked to create a free biblio.com member account (if they do not already have one) in order to receive their bibliobucks gift certificate. by catherine | posted in for fun | comments (43) a profile of quentin blake, illustrator august 4, 2011 – 12:58 pm a self-portrait by quentin blake quentin saxby blake was born on december 16, 1932 in sidcup, kent, england, uk.  this british illustrator is best known for his illustrations done for the works of roald dahl, as well as michael rosen, russell hoban, joan aiken, john yeoman and more. blake was first published at the age of 16, with a drawing for the satirical magazine punch. he was a student of downing college, cambridge (1953-6), received his postgraduate teaching diploma from the university of london, and also studied at the chelsea school of art. he gained another teaching diploma at the institute of education before working at the royal college of art. blake earned a good reputation as a reliable and humorous illustrator of over 300 children’s books, and he wrote over 35 of those he has illustrated.  he taught at the royal college of art for over twenty years, and was head of the illustration department from 1978 to 1986. for many years he taught at the royal college of art, where he was head of the illustration department from 1978 to 1986. he has won many awards and prizes, and was made a cbe in 2005. according to the guardian, he was ‘already a national institution’ when he was appointed the first children’s laureate in 1999. since then he has had an additional career as an exhibition curator working in galleries in london and paris among others. blake’s distinct style uses fast, scribbly ink lines that seem to make his characters move when you first glance at the page, but under the layers of thin lines is a depth that is held up with a precise underlying stroke. his spontaneous-feeling art lends itself to whimsical stories and much of his illustration is used in children’s literature. blake's illustration for roald dahl's beloved tale, matildasome of his awards received over the years include: whitbread award for children’s book in 1974 for illustrations for hoban’s how tom beat captain najork and his hired sportsmen kate greenaway medal (1980) obe in 1988, and subsequently a commander of the order of the british empire in the 2005 new year’s honours list, for services to children’s literature. emil/kurt maschler award (1990) he was made the uk’s first children’s laureate in 1999 he was awarded the hans christian andersen medal for his contributions to children’s book illustration in 2002 chevalier des arts et des lettres (2004) blake has been awarded 12 honorary degrees, including  cambridge university in 2005, and honorary doctorates from the institute of education, loughborough university, the open university and anglia ruskin university in 2006–7. officier de l’ordre des arts et des lettres (2007) bologna ragazzi prize quentin blake remains quite involved in charity work.  downing college’s blake society, their arts and humanities group, bears his name as their patron. he is also a patron of “the big draw,” a project which encourages uk residents to experience the art of drawing as expression.  blake supports the nightingale project, a charity that puts art into hospitals, and he has produced work for several hospitals and health centers in both london and paris. by amber | posted in illustrators, profiles | tagged childrens' books, illustrators, quentin blake | comments (1) bookseller spotlight: old saratoga books july 26, 2011 – 12:09 pm welcome back to our bookseller spotlight feature!   rachel jagareski was kind enough to take the time to tell us about old saratoga books in schuylerville, new york.   biblio loves to support independent booksellers…it’s what we are all about! read more » by amber | posted in booksellers, profiles | tagged bookseller spotlight, interview, new york, old saratoga | comments (4) « older posts blog search our blog pages calendar of book collecting and literary events categories about biblio.com affiliate faqs book blog network book care book repair book collecting book identification book terminology literary definitions book value home library book reviews bookbinding bookselling bookstores by the numbers faqs about books for fun forum how-to interview news & announcements profiles authors booksellers illustrators sales saving money search tips textbooks top 10 lists uncategorized archives december 2011 november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 july 2011 june 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 august 2008 june 2008 march 2008 january 2008 december 2007 november 2007 october 2007 september 2007 august 2007 july 2007 september 2006 june 2006 january 2006 december 2005 september 2005 may 2005 blogroll book faerie: journey of a bookseller for the love of books ibooknet juxtabook – bookseller's blog peakirk books rss feeds all posts all comments advanced book search browse by subject browse by book list how to find used & out of print books discount books free shipping free coupons make-an-offer on select books! new books used & out-of-print books rare books how to be notified of new arrivals find rare books book value book forum learn about book collecting discount textbooks sell textbooks k-12 textbooks tips for saving on textbooks online find bookshops find specialists become a biblio.com bookseller why support independent bookstores? sign up to receive offers and updates: services your account gift certificates 30-day return guarantee check order status libraries & institutions help & faq contact us about why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff biblioworks social responsibility books blog resources link your site to biblio.com for booksellers affiliate program book repair articles book glossary book search used textbooks select site privacy & security terms & conditions site map copyright © 2000-2012 biblio, inc. all rights reserved.