来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121130165645/http://www.biblio.com/blog/
================================================================================

biblio.com blog looking for the perfect gift for a bibliophile? buy gift certificates here! sign in | register | community | help search specials rare books textbooks bookstores gift ideas cart 0 items search for books | by keyword by author by title by isbn advanced search home > blog « older posts which books are on your holiday wish list? enter to win! november 27, 2012 – 11:17 am which books do you hope to receive this holiday? is there one special signed edition or coffee table book just out of your reach? or do you have your eyes on a particular box set?  we want to help you get that book you want! we’re giving away four (4) $25 bibliobucks gift certificates! there are two ways to win: 1. simply leave a comment here stating which book(s) are on your holiday wish list and you’ll automatically be entered to win one of 4 bibliobucks gift certificates! 2. if you follow us on twitter, simply answer or rt this status update deadline to enter is thursday, november 29th at 5pm edt. winners will be chosen at random and announced here on friday, november 30th at 9am edt. good luck everyone! **update** winners announced! and the winners are… 1. periklis begzos 2. aneta reinbold 3. jamie e.o. cantoni 4. robin claytor congratulations! you won a $25 gift certificate to biblio.com! please email marketing@biblio.com to claim your prize and start shopping. thank you to everyone who participated in this contest! the fun isn’t over yet–stay tuned for more giveaways this season! by catherine | posted in for fun | tagged bibliobucks, contest, holidays | comments (14) hilary mantel wins the 2012 booker prize october 17, 2012 – 9:28 am winner of the 2012 man booker prize congratulations to hilary mantel, who was awarded the 2012 man booker prize for fiction on tuesday. she became the first woman and first uk resident to win the booker prize twice. she won with her book bring up the bodies, the sequel to her critically-acclaimed thomas cromwell history. the first installment of the trilogy, wolf hall, won the prize in 2009. two male authors won the booker prize twice: j.m. coetzee from south africa and australia’s peter carey. mantel was awarded a check for £50,000 pounds and can expect a sharp jump in sales of her winning novel as well as her other work. the prize shortlist included: the garden of evening mists by tan twan eng narcopolis by jeet thayil swimming home by deborah levy umbrella by will self the lighthouse by alison moore the man booker prize for fiction was established in 1969, and “aims to promote the finest in fiction by rewarding the best novel of the year written by a citizen of the united kingdom, the commonwealth or the republic of ireland." this year the judges “winnowed, sifted and culled" the list from 145 books, releasing a longlist of twelve finalists earlier this year, then a shortlist of six before the awards ceremony. a reading sample from mantel’s bring up the bodies can be found here, graciously provided by the new york review of books. bring up the bodies by mantel, hilary the lighthouse by moore, alison narcopolis by thayil, jeet umbrella by self, will swimming home by deborah levy by catherine | posted in news & announcements | tagged booker prize, hilary mantel, shortlist | comments (0) more than recipes: unusual cookbooks september 4, 2012 – 9:07 am some people believe cookbooks don’t have to be just about recipes. cookbook authors can structure their books simply based on one ingredient or cooking style, their memoir, their celebrity status, props, jokes, short stories and more. when we browsed through some of the unusual cookbooks on biblio, we found books that were funny, weird and, well, a little appalling. so we decided to gather them up for display in a gallery. we present to you: unusual and unique cookbooks. too weird for your kitchen? view traditional books and other collectible cookbooks in our rare cookbooks room. note: (september 5, 2012) due to a technical error with our servers this gallery is only showing a small listing of books, and is a partial list. we apologize for the inconvenience. please check back later for the full gallery. the original boston cooking-school cook book 1896 by fannie merritt farmer the four ingredient cookbook by mcnulty, henry last dinner on the titanic: menus and recipes from the great liner by archbold, r., & mccauley, d lakeland: a taste to remember a collection of traditional lakeland tea recipes by downing, mavis cecilia norman's microwave cookery for one by norman, cecilia white trash cooking: 25th anniversary edition by mickler, ernest matthew desserts for the nineties / 90s [a cookbook / recipe collection / compilation of fresh ideas, traditional / regional fare, comprehensive cooking instructions & techniques explained] by henderson, gerry murry . robert knies design inc / california home economics teachers / california cookbook company apricots on the nile : a memoir with recipes by rossant, colette by catherine | posted in book gallery | comments (3) the art of sergio toppi (1932-2012) august 21, 2012 – 2:57 pm sergio toppi was a milanese comic artist and illustrator, a pioneer in his field. many comic artists list him as a great influence, including wolverine artist simone bianchi, walter simonson, denys cowan, and ashley wood. he began his career in advertising in the 1960′s, but become known as the creator of collezionista and for illustrating a number of historical and adventure story collections. toppi passed away at the age of 79 on august 21, 2012. signed and numbered limited edition lithograph by toppi, sergio sergio toppi by toppi, sergio federico ii di svevia by toppi, sergio; genovesi, roberto sharaz-de by toppi, sergio storie di soldati, foche e samurai by toppi, sergio l'uomo del nilo by toppi, sergio pope john paul ii comic book (toni pagotto) - paperback by toni pagotto; illustrator-sergio toppi by amber | posted in book gallery, illustrators | comments (0) classic southern literature august 13, 2012 – 10:00 am what is southern literature? ask people this question and you might get different answers. the first and most obvious answer is that southern literature must embody a strong sense of place in the writing. a “southern" story or novel takes its time to describe the landscape. or perhaps the language or dialect in a first paragraph will immediately place the reader in the south. other people declare that literature written by anyone born in the south or living there is automatically considered “southern lit." this particular genre not only focuses on place, but place is almost always entwined with narratives about complex or large family relationships, an adherence to or struggle with religion, or capturing the history of a particular southern community. we gathered what are considered to be the greatest southern books in the literary world, but we invite you to list your personal favorites in the comments. invisible man by ellison, ralph let us now praise famous men: three tenant families by agee, james; evans, walker the sound and the fury by faulkner, william the mind of the south by cash, w. j look homeward, angel: a story of the buried life by wolfe, thomas to kill a mockingbird by harper lee absalom, absalom! by faulkner, william all the king's men by warren, robert penn the civil war: a narrative: fort sumter to perryville; fredericksburg to meridian; red river to appomattox by foote, shelby. [annie dillard] the moviegoer by percy, walker tobacco road by caldwell, erskine black boy by wright, richard native son by wright, richard as i lay dying by faulkner, william gone with the wind easton press by mitchell, margaret up from slavery by washington, booker t the last gentleman by percy, walker eudora welty: a note on the author and her work. together with the key, one of seventeen stories from miss welty's forthcoming a curtain of green [aka] the key by (welty, eudora). porter, katherine anne ship of fools (signed first edition) by porter, katherine anne the autobiography of miss jane pittman by ernest j. gaines i know why the caged bird sings by angelou, maya beasts of the southern wild and other stories by betts, doris other voices, other rooms by capote, truman deliverance by dickey, james dreams of sleep by humphreys, josephine a good man is hard to find and other stories by o'connor, flannery fried green tomatoes at the whistle stop café by flagg, fannie suttree by mccarthy, cormac our southern highlanders by kephart, horace the keepers of the house by grau, shirley ann a confederacy of dunces by john kennedy toole fair and tender ladies (ballantine reader's circle) by smith, lee a summons to memphis ( 1st/1st ) by peter taylor by catherine | posted in book gallery | tagged rare books, southern lit | comments (4) i heart nyc august 8, 2012 – 3:45 pm i’m a country girl who was born and raised in the south, but i’ve always had a love affair with new york. the architecture, music, art, people, glamour, drama and yes, even the gritty parts of the city are fascinating to me. it’s a city of myths and legends. gangs. the mafia. wall street. central park. tiffany’s. beats and punks. jazz. museums. the subway. this gallery contains some of the best fiction and nonfiction portraying one of the greatest cities in the world. feel free to add your favorites in the comments section! a tree grows in brooklyn (first edition) by smith, betty the bonfire of the vanities by wolfe, tom just kids by patti smith three novels of new york: the house of mirth/the custom of the country/the age of innocence by wharton, edith the colossus of new york by whitehead, colson up in the old hotel and other stories by joseph mitchell gone to new york: adventures in the city by frazier, ian the catcher in the rye by salinger, j.d low life: lures and snares of old new york by sante, luc the amazing adventures of kavalier and clay (first edition) by chabon, michael the new york trilogy: city of glass, ghosts, the locked room by auster, paul the encyclopedia of new york city by jackson, kenneth t the great bridge: the epic story of the building of the brooklyn bridge by mccullough, david the washington square ensemble by bell, madison smartt washington square by james, henry by catherine | posted in book gallery | tagged new york city, rare books | comments (5) behind the scenes: rare & collectible screenplays july 31, 2012 – 10:01 am screenplays and film scripts can be delightful additions to any book collection. there is nothing quite like holding a rare film script that was once held by a director or actor. because screenplays were made in limited quantities–to be used and shared by movie cast and crew only–their value is found in the scarcity and demand of copies and not necessarily in the preservation of the script. most scripts are heavily worn from use on the set. chances are book buyers and film aficionados may be able to find certain scripts from their favorite movies at an affordable price. screenplays can also vary by editions and drafts, number of copies, person for whom the script was intended, signatures or notes in the script, additional mementos copied or pasted in pages, popularity or “cult following" of the film, etc. we’ve created a gallery of some of our rare and collectible screenplays. we invite you to search biblio for your own favorite script–you never know what may turn up in this treasure box of ephemera! " the last slaver"...revised final script by [faulkner, william]: " sherlock holmes vs. lord haw-haw" story outline by...[wrapper title. released as: sherlock holmes and the voice of terror] by [doyle, arthur conan]: andrews, robert b. [adaptation]: " 1984" release script by [orwell, george]: templeton, william p., and ralph bettinson [adap]: the sunshine boys by simon, neil: new material confidential service [wrapper title] by cohan, george m.: the painted veil...dialogue continuity...[(sic)wrapper title] by [maugham, w. somerset]: meehan, john; salka viertel, and edith fitzgerald [adap]: pearl harbor: an original screenplay by randall wallace by wallace, randall la grande illusion by renoir, jean. preface by francois truffaut atonement / screenplay by christopher hampton ; based on the novel by ian mcewan by hampton, christopher stick (original screenplay for the 1985 film) by leonard, elmore (novel, screenwriter); burt reynolds, candice bergen, george segal, charles durning (starring) frankenstein - the original screenplay - signed numbered edition by koontz, dean the devil passes: a religious comedy in three acts and a prologue by levy, benn w something wicked this way comes based on the book by...screenplay by...[wrapper title] by bradbury, ray: " heartland" an original screenplay by.... [a.k.a. "looker"] by crichton, michael: the witches of eastwick...based on the book by john updike by [updike, john]: cristofer, michael [adap]: " the thirteen clocks"...screenplay by a.j. carothers by [thurber, james]: jennie gerhardt release dialogue script by [dreiser, theodore]: lauren, s.k., et al [screenwriters]: by catherine | posted in book gallery | tagged rare books, screenplays | comments (1) rare book gallery feature: f. scott fitzgerald july 30, 2012 – 3:38 pm we gathered up beautiful and rare copies of f. scott fitzgerald’s novels, plays, story collections, even ephemera–including his college yearbook–and put together one of our favorite biblio book galleries. tender is the night by fitzgerald, f. scott all the sad young men by fitzgerald, f. scott: the beautiful and the damned by fitzgerald, f. scott: inscribed photograph by fitzgerald, f. scott the vegetable or from president to postman. signed by fitzgerald f. scott all the sad young men by fitzgerald, f. scott this side of paradise by fitzgerald, f. scott the last tycoon by fitzgerald, f. scott taps at reveille by fitzgerald, f. scott fie! fie! fi-fi! by fitzgerald, f. scott [college yearbook]: the princeton bric-a-brac 1917. volume xli by (fitzgerald, f. scott) flappers and philosophers by fitzgerald, f. scott the great gatsby. custom clamshell case by fitzgerald f. scott tales of the jazz age by fitzgerald, f. scott borrowed time by fitzgerald, f. scott the stories of f. scott fitzgerald: a selection of twenty-eight stories with an introduction by malcolm cowley by fitzgerald, f. scott the crack-up: with other uncollected pieces, note-books and unpublished letters by fitzgerald, f. scott the mystery of the raymond mortgage by fitzgerald, f. scott by catherine | posted in book gallery | tagged fitzgerald, rare books | comments (4) act 2 books named recipient of 2012 don dario scholarship july 25, 2012 – 1:58 pm the selection committee was amazed by this year’s don dario scholarship application essays for the 2012 colorado antiquarian book seminar. the entries this year were universally high quality, and after much deliberation, our committee has selected mike uhde of act 2 books for this year’s scholarship. in addition to full tuition to the week-long seminar and $250 toward travel and accommodation expenses, uhde will have all monthly fees rebated for one year of biblio’s lowest commission billing option. uhde has chosen the books for kids for the $250 charitable contribution portion. “additionally," uhde wrote, “in the spirit of multiplying a blessing…we will match biblio’s donation dollar for dollar." to the many booksellers that sadly we couldn’t choose this year, we hope that you will apply again next year! you can browse the inventory of act 2 books on their biblio bookstore page. by catherine | posted in bookselling, news & announcements | tagged bookselling, don dario scholarship, rare books | comments (0) by any another name: writers and their pseudonyms july 16, 2012 – 11:17 am a pseudonym (also known as a “pen name" or nom de plume) can be utilized by a writer to provide a new life story, an artistic reboot, an experiment for a new book form, or it can permit an author to reach a new audience. many famous writers used pseudonyms either at the beginning of their career or sometime after they were established to write a different genre or explore a new style. some famous pseudonyms include: stephen king — richard bachman anne rice — anne rampling charlotte bronte — currer bell sylvia plath — victoria lucas eric arthur blair — george orwell françois-marie arouet — voltaire charles lutwidge dodgson — lewis carroll william sydney porter — o. henry samuel langhorne clemens –mark twain theodore seuss geisel — dr. seuss mary ann evans — george eliot david john moore cornwell — john le carré we found some great collectible copies of authors’ works published under their pseudonyms. this would make a fun collection and a great conversation starter! the regulators [by] richard bachman [pseudonym] by king, stephen, writing as "richard bachman thinner by king, stephen (writing as richard bachman) the running man by bachman, richard (pseudonym of stephen king) jane eyre: an autobiography by bell, currer (pseud. bronte, charlotte) poems by currer, ellis, and acton bell by bronte, charlotte, emily and anne as bell, currer, ellis, and acton villette. a tale by the author of jane eyre, shirley etc by [bronte, charlotte] currer bell the bell jar by plath, sylvia as victoria lucas burmese days by orwell, george (pseudonym of eric arthur blair) keep the aspidistra flying by orwell, george (pseudonym of eric arthur blair) nineteen eighty-four (1984) by orwell, george [eric arthur blair, 1903-1950] the complete writings of o. henry by (bindings - stikeman). porter, william sydney. "o. henry" (pseudonym) postscripts by porter, william sydney as o. henry cabbages and kings by henry, o fox in socks by seuss, dr if i ran the circus by dr seuss the celebrated jumping frog of calaveras county, and other sketches (first edition) by twain, mark a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court by twain, mark (clemens, samuel) the tragedy of pudd'nhead wilson. and the comedy those extraordinary twins by twain, mark oeuvres completes by voltaire, fran«ois marie arouet de poems of george eliot by eliot, george adam bede by george eliot adam bede by eliot, george by catherine | posted in book gallery | tagged author pen names, pseudonyms, rare books | comments (16) « older posts books blog search our blog pages calendar of book collecting and literary events whatev categories about biblio.com affiliate faqs book blog network book care book repair book collecting book identification book terminology literary definitions book value home library book gallery book reviews bookbinding bookselling bookstores by the numbers faqs about books for fun forum how-to interview news & announcements profiles authors booksellers illustrators reading sales saving money search tips textbooks top 10 lists uncategorized archives november 2012 october 2012 september 2012 august 2012 july 2012 june 2012 may 2012 april 2012 march 2012 february 2012 january 2012 december 2011 november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 july 2011 june 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 january 2009 october 2008 august 2008 july 2008 june 2008 march 2008 january 2008 december 2007 november 2007 october 2007 september 2007 august 2007 july 2007 september 2006 june 2006 january 2006 december 2005 september 2005 may 2005 blogroll book faerie: journey of a bookseller for the love of books ibooknet juxtabook – bookseller's blog peakirk books rss feeds all posts all comments advanced book search browse by subject browse by book list how to find used & out of print books discount books free shipping free coupons make-an-offer on select books! new books used & out-of-print books rare books how to be notified of new arrivals find rare books make-an-offer on rare books! book value learn about book collecting discount textbooks sell textbooks textbooks for schools tips for saving on textbooks online find bookshops find specialists become a biblio.com bookseller why support independent bookstores? bookish gear collectible books gift certificates sign up to receive offers and updates: services your account gift certificates 30-day return guarantee check order status libraries & schools help & faq contact us about why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff biblioworks social responsibility books blog resources link your site to biblio.com for booksellers affiliate program book repair articles book glossary book search used textbooks select site privacy & security terms & conditions site map copyright © 2000-2012 biblio, inc. all rights reserved.