来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131222052516/http://www.biblio.com/book_collecting_terminology/
================================================================================

biblio.com glossary of terms sign in | register | help search specials rare books textbooks bookstores gift ideas cart 0 items search for books | by keyword by author by title by isbn advanced search home > glossary of terms at biblio.com terms #abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz glossary of terms looking for help understanding commonly used book collecting terminology, or abbreviations and references used in book sellers' descriptions? some of the terminology used in book collecting can be arcane, indeed! hopefully, our glossary will help you unravel some of the jargon used by book collectors and book sellers! also, for more information, be sure to read our blog post, help with basic book collecting terminology terms starting with numbers 12mo an abbreviation for duodecimo, which indicates that a book is approximately 7 by 4.5 inches in size, or just a bit smaller than a mass market paperback.synonyms and abbreviations for 12mo include: d, 12º, twelvemo, duodecimo more info 1st edition, thus indicates that this is not the first appearance of a book in print, but that this is the first appearance in a substantially different format than the true first edition. for example, a first illustrated edition of a book, or even a first paperback release of a book originally published in hard cover. more info 1st thus indicates that this is not the first appearance of a book in print, but that this is the first appearance in a substantially different format than the true first edition. for example, a first illustrated edition of a book, or even a first paperback release of a book originally published in hard cover. more info 4to or quarto. a term used generally to describe the approximate size of a book, a book that is about 10" to 12" tall and roughly squarish in shape. the term is based on the size of paper traditionally used by book printers which has been folded and cut into 16 pages. more info 8vo short for octavo, a book whose page size is approximately 8-10 inches tall. the size is based on a sheet of paper 25 inches by 38 inches, the size of paper traditionally used by book printers, which has been folded and cut into 16 pages.. unfortunately often misunderstood to mean 8 volumes. more info terms starting with a a.n. when used to describe the condition of a book refers to as new, "the book is in the same immaculate condition in which it was published. there can be no defects, no missing pages, no library stamps, etc., and the dust jacket (if it was issued with one) must be perfect without any tears," as defined by ab bookman's weekly more info aba american booksellers association (usa) or antiquarian booksellers' association (uk), depending on the location of the bookseller. more info abaa antiquarian booksellers association of america more info abdasc antiquarian book dealers association of south carolina more info acceptable a non-traditional book condition description that generally refers to a book in good or very good condition, although no standard exists for this term, and the word can be used to describe a wide variety of actual book conditions. more info advance review copy a specially printed copy of the book, generally paperback, which has been produced and distributed by the publishers for promotional purposes, given to bookstores, editors, and reviewers. more info aeg all edges gilt. describes a book in which the top, fore edge and bottom of the outside of the pages are decorated with gold gilding. more info age tanned used to describe a light brown or tan color that paper can sometimes assume as a result of age. more info age toned used to describe a light brown or tan color that paper can sometimes assume as a result of age. more info age-tanned used to describe a light brown or tan color that paper can sometimes assume as a result of age. more info age-toned used to describe a light brown or tan color that paper can sometimes assume as a result of age. more info ala american library association more info anzaab australian and new zealand association of antiquarian booksellers (au / nz) more info arc advance review copy, a specially printed copy of the book, generally paperback, which has been produced and distributed by the publishers for promotional purposes, given to bookstores, editors, and reviewers. issued in advance of the official publication date of the trade edition, it is often distributed with other promotional materials, such as a publisher's letter or a photograph of the author. it may also... more info as new "the book is in the same immaculate condition in which it was published. there can be no defects, no missing pages, no library stamps, etc., and the dust jacket (if it was issued with one) must be perfect without any tears." condition definition from ab bookman's weekly. more info as new/fine "the book is in the same immaculate condition in which it was published. there can be no defects, no missing pages, no library stamps, etc., with a dust jacket that approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or... more info association copy a copy of a book which has been signed and inscribed by the author for a personal friend of colleague of the author. more info terms starting with b bce book club edition more info bds an abbreviation used for boards, used to describe the front and back coverings of a hard covered book. more info beveled the boards of the book have been cut at an angle. more info biblio the greek root for a variety of words referring to the book, such as bibliography, bibliomania, etc. also, one of the world's largest internet book search services. more info binder's copy a copy of a book that requires rebinding. the covers may be detached or absent, but the text should still be complete, unless otherwise noted. more info binders copy a copy of a book that requires rebinding. the covers may be detached or absent, but the text should still be complete, unless otherwise noted. more info binding copy a copy of a book that requires rebinding. the covers may be detached or absent, but the text should still be complete, unless otherwise noted. more info blindstamp an indentation deliberately placed on the board of a book. often indicates a book club edition. more info blurb the commentary appear on the dust jacket flaps or the rear of the dustjacket. more info boards common term for the covers of a hardbound book. more info bomc book-of-the-month club more info book club edition a generic term denoting a book which was produced or distributed by one of any number of book club organizations. usually the overall quality of the book's materials is lower than the same book as printed by a traditional publishing house. more info bookplate a device (often decorative) affixed to the book, usually on the endpapers, which designates ownership (or former ownership). more info brendan sherar the ceo of biblio.com. a harmless drudge. more info brodart generally used to refer to a clear plastic cover that is sometimes added to the dustjacket or outside covering of a book. the name refers to the company by the same name which produces many book repair and archival products. more info buckram a cloth made of cotton or linen which is used to cover a book. more info bumped indicates that the affected part of the book has been impacted in such a way so as to cause a flattening, indention, or light bending. more info bumping indicates that the affected part of the book has been impacted in such a way so as to cause a flattening, indention, or light bending. more info bumps indicates that the affected part of the book has been impacted in such a way so as to cause a flattening, indention, or light bending. more info terms starting with c calf leather binding made from calfskin. most common form of leather binding. more info chipped a defect in which small pieces missing from the edges. more info chipping a defect in which small pieces missing from the edges. more info chppd abbreviation for chipped, describing a defect in which small pieces missing from the edges. more info closed tear a tear in which no material has been lost. more info closed tearing a tear in which no material has been lost. more info closed tears tears in which no material has been lost. more info cloth generally refers to a hardcover with cloth covering the outside of the book covers. more info cocked refers to a state where the spine of a book is lightly "twisted" in such a way that the front and rear boards of a book do not align when the book is lying flat. severity may differ. more info colophon the last text portion of a book, which contains information about the publisher, the typesetting, printer, and possible a printer's device. more info completist a completist is a book collector who seeks all collectible editions of a particular title, subject, author, or other focus of their collection. rather than just seeking the first edition of a book or work, a completist may seek all first appearances, including foreign publications, and works and objects ancillary to the book. a completist that collects a particular author seeks to... more info cracked in reference to a hinge or a book's binding, means that the glue which holds the opposing leaves has allowed them to separate, revealing the stitching or binding underneath. more info crisp a term often used to indicate a book's new-like condition. indicates that the hinges are not loosened. a book described as crisp will not have 'well-read' pages, i.e., where the book will naturally open to certain pages or sections. more info terms starting with d deckle edge deckle edge is the feathered edge of a page. traditionally and historically, this was a side effect of the process of making paper. at the semi-liquid stage of paper making, a form called a deckle was used to create the size and shape of the sheet. some of the paper seeping below the edge of the deckle would form an uneven edge... more info device a printers mark which usually appears on either the colophon or the title page. more info dj short for dust jacket, a protective and often decorative wrapper, usually made of paper which wraps around the binding of a book. more info dust jacket a protective and often decorative wrapper, usually made of paper which wraps around the binding of a book. more info dustwrapper another term for dust jacket, a protective and often decorative wrapper, usually made of paper which wraps around the binding of a book. more info terms starting with e e-book a book which is produced and supplied in an electronic form only, rather than a printed edition. more info e.p. when used to describe a book, the endpaper(s), the first and last two pages (verso and recto) from the front and back of a book. more info endpaper the double leaves bound into a book at the front and rear after printing. one side is glued to the inner portion of the boards (the paste-down) and the other is left loose (free endpaper). more info endpapers the first and last two pages (verso and recto) from the front and back of a book. more info ep when used to describe a book, the endpaper(s), the first and last two pages (verso and recto) from the front and back of a book. more info errata a list correcting errors found after a book has already been printed. more info ex-library a former library book, generally containing library acquisition and ownership stamped markings, and other typical indications of the library's use. more info terms starting with f f+/f+ a slightly better than fine condition book, with a slightly better than fine condition dust jacket. fine condition "approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, this should be noted." condition definition from... more info f+/f- a slightly better than fine condition book, with a slightly less than fine condition dust jacket. fine condition "approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, this should be noted." condition definition from... more info f+/vg a slightly better than fine condition book, with a very good condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. very good can describe a used book that... more info f-/f+ a slightly less than fine condition book, with a slightly better than fine condition dust jacket. fine condition "approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, this should be noted." condition definition from... more info f-/f- a slightly less than fine condition book, with a slightly less than fine condition dust jacket. fine condition "approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, this should be noted." condition definition from... more info f-/vg a slightly less than fine condition book, with a very good condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. very good can describe a used book that... more info f-/vg+ a slightly less than fine condition book with a slightly better than very good condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. very good can describe a used... more info f/f fine condition book, with fine condition dust jacket. fine condition is defined by ab bookman's weekly as "approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, this should be noted." more info f/f- fine condition book, with a slightly less than fine condition dust jacket. fine condition "approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, this should be noted." condition definition from ab bookman's weekly. more info f/vg fine condition book, with a very good condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. very good can describe a used book that does show some small... more info facsimile an exact copy of an original work. more info fair is a worn book that has complete text pages (including those with maps or plates) but may lack endpapers, half-title, etc. (which must be noted). binding, jacket (if any), etc., may also be worn. all defects must be noted. (defined by ab bookman's weekly) more info fair+ used to describe a book in slightly better than fair condition. fair describes "a worn book that has complete text pages (including those with maps or plates) but may lack endpapers, half-title, etc. (which must be noted). binding, jacket (if any), etc., may also be worn. all defects must be noted." (defined by ab bookman's weekly) more info fair- used to describe a book in slightly less than fair condition. fair describes " a worn book that has complete text pages (including those with maps or plates) but may lack endpapers, half-title, etc. (which must be noted). binding, jacket (if any), etc., may also be worn. all defects must be noted." (defined by ab bookman's weekly) more info ffep front free endpaper. generally, the first page of a book. more info ffep or ffep front free endpaper. more info fine-/fair fine condition book with a fair condition dust jacket. a slightly less than fine condition book with a fair condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. fair is... more info fine-/very good+ a slightly less than fine condition book with a slightly better than very good condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. very good can describe a used... more info fine-/vg a slightly less than fine condition book with a very good condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. very good can describe a used book that does... more info fine-/vg+ a slightly less than fine condition book with a slightly better than very good condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. very good can describe a used... more info fine/fair fine condition book with a fair condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. fair is a worn book that has complete text pages (including those with maps... more info fine/vg a fine condition book with a very good condition dust jacket. fine approaches the condition of as new, but without being crisp. for the use of the term fine there must also be no defects, etc., and if the jacket has a small tear, or other defect, or looks worn, those should be noted. very good can describe a used book that does show some small... more info first state used in book collecting to refer to a book from the earliest run of a first edition, generally distinguished by a change in some part of the binding or correction of the text which has been made in later versions of the first edition print run. more info first thus indicates that this is not the first appearance of a book in print, but that this is the first appearance in a substantially different format than the true first edition. for example, a first illustrated edition of a book, or even a first paperback release of a book originally published in hard cover. more info flap(s) the portion of a dust jacket which folds around the edges of a book. often has descriptive text printed on it. more info flatsigned signed, and not inscribed, directly on a page of the book. more info foi former owner's intials. more info folio a large book size, generally 15" in height or larger. more info fon former owner's name. indicates that the previous owner of the book has written their name in the book. more info fore edge the portion of a book that is opposite the spine.   that part of a book which faces the wall when shelved in a traditional manner.  depending on context, may refer to either the text edges, or the board edges.  the fore edge of the text block may be decorated in some cases, such as gilding, stain, or deckle edge, or in the most opulent... more info foxed a discoloration to paper, brown and yellowish spots. more info frayed or fraying indicates that the cloth, paper, or other outer shell which covers the books boards has been worn to a point that it has exposed the boards beneath, and leaving the outer fringes aroung the exposure jagged or torn. more info front free endpaper the portion of the endpaper which is left loose after binding. the first loose page upon opening a book. it may be plain or decorative. more info frontise a portrait or illustration on the page opposing the title page. more info frontispiece a portrait or illustration on the page opposing the title page. more info terms starting with g g+ a term used to denote a condition a slight grade better than good. good is defined as "describes the average used and worn book that has all pages or leaves present. any defects must be noted." (taken from ab bookman's weekly). more info g- a term used to denote a condition a slight grade lesser than good. good is defined as "describes the average used and worn book that has all pages or leaves present. any defects must be noted." (taken from ab bookman's weekly). more info galleys a pre-publication state of a book. a galley proof edition has already undergone all basic edits for content and corrections, but is still prior to the final commercial production of a book. the term refers to the historic process of book printing using moveable block letters. the letter blocks would be laid into the galleys to that held the type, and... more info gathering(s) the group of pages or leaves formed by folding the original printed sheet. more info gilt the decorative application of gold or gold coloring to a portion of a book. the edges of the text block, or an inlay in the front cover of the boards, for example. more info glassine wrapper a transparent or translucent paper covering often used as a protective covering outside of the dust jacket. more info good+ a term used to denote a condition a slight grade better than good. more info gutter the inside margin of a book, the edge of the pages nearing the binding. more info terms starting with h half title the leaf which appears just prior to the title page, and typically contains only the title of the book, although, at times, the author's name and/or other information may appear. more info head band the upper most portion of the spine when the book is standing vertically. more info heel the lower most portion of the spine when the book is standing vertically. more info hinge the portion of a book near the spine that is intended to flex to allow the book to open. more info hyper-modern a very recently published book where the market price has increased quickly due to book collectors speculating on the future value. more info terms starting with i iama international antiquarian mapsellers's association more info ibooknet independent booksellers' network (uk) more info ilab international league of antiquarian booksellers more info incunabula a book printed before 1501, referring to the earliest period of books printed using movable type. more info independent bookseller a proud, but humble professional practitioner of the venerable tradition of book purveying. the independent bookseller hand selects the finest books, and can provide knowledgeable recommendations for a wide variety of reader or collector. more info inscribed a short note written by the author or a previous owner in the beginning of a book, generally accompanied by a signature. more info instructor's edition an edition of a textbook produced for teachers or professors, sometimes containing supplementary material intended for assisting the professor in creating lesson plans. more info instructors edition an edition of a textbook produced for teachers or professors, sometimes containing supplementary material intended for assisting the professor in creating lesson plans. more info international edition a textbook that has been printed at a discounted price for distribution in markets outside of the united states. the isbn of the international edition will be specific to that edition. international editions may not include cd roms or other supplementary materials. more info international standard book number a industry standard method for identifying books developed in 1971. each number uniquely identifies a particular title. more info ioba independent online booksellers' association more info isbn international standard book number more info terms starting with j jacket sometimes used as another term for dust jacket, a protective and often decorative wrapper, usually made of paper which wraps around the binding of a book more info terms starting with l laid in something which is included with, but not attached to the book, such as a sheet of paper. more info laid-in something which is included with, but not attached to the book, such as a sheet of paper. more info later state used in book collecting to refer to a book from a later run of a first edition, generally distinguished by a change in some part of the binding or correction of the text which has been made during the first edition print run. more info leaves when used to refer to a part of a book means the book's pages. more info letter line a letter line is a convention occasionally used by publishers to denote the printing of a particular book. it is generally located on the copyright page and consists of a sequence of letters, the lowest alphabetically of which generally indicates the number of the printing (for example, "a" indicates a 1st printing, "b" a second printing, "c" a third printing, etc.).below is a letter... more info loc library of congress more info terms starting with m marbled boards a hardcover book with a decorative, multi-colored paper on the outside covering. more info marbled paper a decorative, multi-colored paper, sometimes used as end papers, or to cover the outside of a hardcover. more info marginalia notes written in the margins, or beside the text of a book by a previous owner. more info mariab massachusetts and rhode island antiquarian booksellers more info mass market also known as the pocket paperback. a small format paperback usually measuring about 4" by 6". more info mass market paperback also known as the pocket paperback. a small format paperback usually measuring about 4" by 6". more info mm mass market paperback. often thought of as the pocket paperback. more info movie tie-in an edition of a book which is produced in conjunction with a movie which is usually based on the book, often with a cover image taken from the movie. more info terms starting with n nd no publisher's date given more info near mint a synonym for near fine. more info nf near fine condition more info nrfine near fine condition more info number line a series of numbers appearing on the copyright page of a book, where the lowest number generally indicates the printing of that particular copy (e.g., a "1" would mean a first printing, and a "29" would indicate a 29th printing). the following example is of a book that is in its 4th printing from citadel press. note that despite the apparent declaration of "first... more info terms starting with o o.w. an abbreviation for otherwise more info o/w an abbreviation for otherwise more info octavo a book whose page size is approximately 12 inches by 9 inches. the size is based on a sheet of paper 25 inches by 38 inches, the size of paper traditionally used by book printers, which has been cut into eight pages. more info oop out of print. a book which is no longer being printed by the publisher. generally only used copies of an out of print book are in distribution. more info op out of print. a book which is no longer being printed by the publisher. generally only used copies of an out of print book are in distribution. more info or. cl. orginal cloth more info terms starting with p paste-down the portion of the endpaper that is glued to the inner boards of a book. often used as front paste-down or rear past-down. more info pastedown the paper glued to the inside cover of a hard cover book. more info pb paperback more info pbfa provincial booksellers' fairs association more info pbo paper back original. indicates that the paperback release is the first publication of the book, without a hardcover edition preceding. more info pc partially chipped (dustjacket) more info pictorial wraps indicates that the covers of a paperback are decorated with a pitcure of some sort. more info plate full page illustration or photograph. plates are printed separately from the text of the book, and bound in at production. i.e., they are not sewn as parts of gatherings. more info plates full page illustrations or photographs. plates are printed separately from the text of the book, and bound in at production. i.e., they are not sewn as parts of gatherings. more info pod print on demand. a book which is printed by special order. often a paperback printing, reproduced by scanning or photocopying the text from a copy of a book, reproduced with permission. more info points of issue points are physical attributes that are specific to a printing or edition of a book, such as a typo on a specific page that was corrected in later printings of a book. an issue of a book is a specific change in the book during the printing of an edition. a first edition of a book may sometimes have two or more issues, which... more info price clipped the portion of the dust jacket flap where the publisher prints the suggested price has been cut away. usually this is a clean 1-2" diagonal cut made with scissors. more info price-clipped the portion of the dust jacket flap where the publisher prints the suggested price has been cut away. usually this is a clean 1-2" diagonal cut made with scissors. more info print on demand a book which is printed by special order. often a paperback printing, reproduced by scanning or photocopying the text from a copy of a book, reproduced with permission. more info pub common abbreviation for 'published' more info publisher's slip a piece of paper from the publisher included in review copies of books. usually provides information such as anticipated publication date, pages, and possibly advance marketing information such as publicity tours, etc. more info terms starting with q quality paperback another term for a trade paperback, describing a paperback generally the approximate size of a hardcover book, larger than a mass market. more info quarto a term used generally to describe the approximate size of a book, a book that is about 10" to 12" tall and roughly squarish in shape. the term is based on the size of paper traditionally used by book printers which has been folded and cut into 16 pages. more info terms starting with r raised band(s) on leather bound books, the ridges that protrude slightly from the spine. more info re-backed having had the material covering the spine replaced. more info reading copy indicates a book that is perfectly serviceable for reading. it may have a defect or damage. more info rear free endpaper the portion of the endpaper which is left loose after binding. the first loose page upon opening a book from the rear. it may be plain or decorative. more info rebacked having had the material covering the spine replaced. more info rebound a book in which the pages have been bound into a covering replacing the original covering issued by the publisher. more info recto the page on the right side of a book, with the term verso used to describe the page on the left side. more info remainder book(s) which are sold at a very deep discount to alleviate publisher overstock. often, though not always, they have a remainder mark. more info remainder mark usually an ink marking of some sort which indicates that the book was designated a remainder. in most cases, it can be found on the edges of the text block in the form of a marker stripe or a stamp of some sort. remainder marks considerably lower the overall collectibility of a title, although, in some cases, they are acceptable to a collector. more info reprint any printing of a book which follows the original edition. by definition, a reprint is not a first edition. more info review material any number of a variety of possible promotional and publicity information included with copies of a book which has been distributed for reviewers and members of the book trade. more info rfep rear free end paper. the last blank sheet of paper bound into the rear of a book. more info rfep or rfep rear free endpaper more info rmaba rocky mountain antiquarian booksellers association more info rubbing abrasion or wear to the surface. usually used in reference to a book's boards or dust-jacket. more info terms starting with s sans dw or sans dj lacking the dustjacket. more info second state used in book collecting to refer to a first edition, but after some change has been made in the printing, such as a correction, or a change in binding color. more info shaken a hardcover in which the text block is loose, but still attached to the binding. more info shelf wear minor wear resulting from a book being place on, and taken from a bookshelf, especially along the bottom edge. more info shelf worn minor wear resulting from a book being place on, and taken from a bookshelf, especially along the bottom edge. more info shelfwear minor wear resulting from a book being place on, and taken from a bookshelf, especially along the bottom edge. more info sl. slight more info slip case a protective sleeve, often made of decorative cardboard or leather which houses a book. it is open on one end, so as to allow the book to "slip" in. more info soiled generally refers to minor discoloration or staining. more info soiling generally refers to minor discoloration or staining. more info spine the outer portion of a book which covers the actual binding. the spine usually faces outward when a book is placed on a shelf. also known as the back. more info spine strip the material covering the spine, or the rear portion of the outside of a book. more info spinestrip the material covering the spine, or the rear portion of the outside of a book. more info sunned the affected portion of the book has been discolored from exposure to the sun. more info terms starting with t tail the heel of the spine. more info tba texas booksellers association more info teg top edge gilt more info tight used to mean that the binding of a book has not been overly loosened by frequent use. more info tipped in used to describe something which has been glued into a book, for example a bookplate. more info tipped-in used to describe something which has been glued into a book, for example a bookplate. more info title page a page where the title of the book, the author's name and publication information usually appear. more info toc table of contents more info top edge gilt the top of the text block (the edges the pages that are visible when looking directly down at the top of a closed book) has been decorated with a gold-like finish. more info tp title page more info tpb trade paperback, indicating a paperback which is generally similar in size to the hard cover edition. more info trade paperback often used to indicate any paperback book that is somewhat larger than a mass-market paperback. more info terms starting with u unbound a book or pamphlet which does not have a covering binding, sometimes by original design, sometimes used to describe a book in which the cover has become removed. more info uncorrected proof released prior to the general release, and prior to final editing, generally plainly bound and distributed for promotional purposes. more info uncut pages traditionally, a book which has not been trimmed by rebinding, although often used to describe a book with the pages attached to the adjacent page, caused by a traditional method for printing and binding books in which a large sheet of paper was printed with several pages, folded, and bound into the book. more info unopened a state in which all or some of the pages of a book have not been separated from the adjacent pages, caused by a traditional method for printing and binding books in which a large sheet of paper was printed with several pages, folded, and bound into the book. . sometimes inappropriately called uncut more info terms starting with v vellum a fine quality of parchment made from hide produced for binding or sometimes a writing surface. sometimes used to describe paper which has been made to resemble true vellum. more info verso the page bound on the left side of a book, opposite to the recto page. more info vg very good condition. can describe a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted. (defined by ab bookman's weekly) more info vg+ a term used to denote a condition a slight grade better than vg. very good is defined by ab bookman's weekly as "a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted." more info vg+/vg a book in slightly better than very good condition with a very good condition dust jacket. very good condition indicates a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted. (as defined by ab bookman's weekly). more info vg+/vg+ a book in slightly better than very good condition with a dust jacket that is in slightly better than very good condition. very good condition indicates a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted. (as defined by ab bookman's weekly). more info vg+/vg- a book in slightly better than very good condition with a dust jacket that is in slightly less than very good condition. very good condition indicates a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted. (as defined by ab bookman's weekly). more info vg- a term used to denote a condition a slight grade lesser than vg. very good is defined by ab bookman's weekly as "a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted." more info vg-/vg+ a book in slightly better than very good condition with a dust jacket that is in slightly better than very good condition. very good condition indicates a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted. (as defined by ab bookman's weekly). more info vg-/vg- a book in slightly less than very good condition with a dust jacket that is in slightly less than very good condition. very good condition indicates a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted. (as defined by ab bookman's weekly). more info vg/vg very good condition book with a very good condition dust jacket. very good condition indicates a used book that does show some small signs of wear - but no tears - on either binding or paper. any defects must be noted. (as defined by ab bookman's weekly). more info vignette a small illustration or graphic placed at the beginning or end of a book or a chapter. more info terms starting with w wrappers paperback or softbound. also, wraps. more info wraps the paper covering on the outside of a paperback. more info terms starting with x x-library an abbreviation for ex-library former library book, generally containing library acquisition and ownership stamped markings, and other typical indications of the library's use. more info advanced book search browse by subject browse by book list how to find used & out of print books discount books free shipping save 10% on every purchase! make-an-offer on select books! new books used & out-of-print books rare books how to be notified of new arrivals find rare books make-an-offer on rare books! book value learn about book collecting discount textbooks sell textbooks textbooks for schools tips for saving on textbooks online find bookshops find specialists become a biblio.com bookseller why support independent bookstores? bookish gear collectible books gift certificates sign up to receive offers and updates: services your account gift certificates 30-day return guarantee check order status purchase orders affiliate program help & faq about why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff our blog link to us contact us follow us on facebook social responsibility epic bottom line biblioworks carbon neutral shipping resources for booksellers book repair articles book collecting glossary select site privacy & security terms & conditions site map copyright © 2000-2013 biblio, inc. all rights reserved.