来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231218080112/https://www.biblio.com/info/privacy-and-security
================================================================================

privacy and security this website uses cookies. we value your privacy and use cookies to remember your shopping preferences and to analyze our website traffic. manage your privacy settings. agree and close skip to content sign in or create account $ your current ship-to country is set to united states and your currency is set to us dollars. help you have 0 items in your cart. 0 toggle book search form. select type of book search you would like to make. search by keyword search by author search by title search by isbn enter terms or isbn you wish to find more search options click to open or close main menu search search browse by subject specials books on sale free shipping save 10% on every purchase! gift certificates rare books rare books book value textbooks textbooks textbooks for schools bookstores bookstores find specialists become a biblio bookseller book collecting book collecting first editions signed books first edition identification book collecting glossary book collecting by the year bibliology (our blog) about biblio about biblio the biblio difference carbon neutral shipping why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff jobs at biblio bibliology (our blog) help support independent used book stores contact us $ your current ship-to country is set to united states and your currency is set to us dollars. home privacy and security privacy and security biblio inc. follows certain procedures designed to safeguard the information you entrust to us. these procedures are set forth in the following paragraphs. biblio, inc. is the owner and operator of this website and is responsible for processing and safeguarding any information you provide to us while using the website. to request a copy of your data, correction of your data, deletion of your data, or a pause in processing of your data, please contact us: using our online support form or by email at privacy@biblio.com or by post to: biblio, inc. po box 1211 asheville, nc 28802 usa or by phone (m-f 10am 4pm et): toll free in the us (800)813-9432 outside of the us (828)350-0744 you can review your privacy settings at any time using this link: https://www.biblio.com/privacy_settings.php. cookies: a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. we use cookies on biblio.com. we link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. we use both session id cookies and persistent cookies. we use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. a session id cookie expires when you close you browser. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. you can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser's help file. cookies are used on our site to keep track of items you have placed in your shopping cart for purchase, to retain your session login so that you do not have to re-enter your password to perform actions such as adding items to your cart and completing the checkout steps. cookies are also used to help our site remember certain preferences, such as your ship to country and preferred shipping speed, product interest, and to associate qualifying purchases with biblio's affiliate partners, in order to ensure that they are paid accurately for the referral services they perform. we also use cookies to analyze our website traffic. if you reject cookies, you may still use our site but you will not be able to place orders. in order to purchase online using our secure checkout, cookies must be enabled. this is so that our system can associate your purchase with your account and shopping cart. you have the option to remove this information at the completion of your purchase, or to request that our system remember your information for future purchases. some of our business partners (e.g., web analytics providers and affiliate management providers) use cookies on our site. these cookies may be used to gather general demographic information about website visitors and information about products viewed by website visitors. we use this general demographic and product interest information for marketing purposes. specifically we may use this information in conjunction with third party advertising vendors including google to serve ads on various sites across the internet. you can choose to opt-out of having this information used for advertising purposes using the network advertising initiative opt-out page. email to a friend: if you choose to use our 'email to a friend' service to tell a friend about a book you found on biblio.com, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. we will use this information to send your friend a one-time email with a link to the item on biblio.com, the comment you made, and your email address. biblio uses this information to send this one-time email and to track the success of our 'email to a friend' program. biblio does not share this information with any other party. ask the seller a question: if you choose to use our 'ask the seller a question' service, we will ask for your email address, name, and your inquiry. this information will be shared with the seller so that the seller can respond to your inquiry. biblio does not share this information with any other party. want list: if you choose to use our 'want list' service, we will ask you for search terms that describe the item(s) you are seeking. we will use the search terms provided and the email address in your biblio.com account to find matching items and periodically send you emails with links to matching items. you are required to create an account to use the 'want list service'. you may edit your want list at any time or opt out of the service by deleting your want list(s). mailing list: when using biblio.com you have the option to subscribe to our mailing list. if you subscribe to an email list, we will use your email address to send you periodic email messages from that list. you do not have to subscribe to an email list to create an account or to place orders. we will share your email address with our email provider for the sole purpose of delivering emails to you. we will not share your email address with any other party, and we will not send you email that is unrelated to the email list you joined. you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of the promotional email messages we send or by contacting us directly. if you create an account you can also manage your email subscriptions from your account menu. share a book review: when using biblio.com you have the option to share a review of a book. if you choose to share a book review then (if permitted by law in your country) we will enter you in a drawing to win us$ 50 in bibliobucks (site credit which can be used to purchase books on biblio). your review may be shown publicly on pages on biblio which feature the book you have reviewed. we will ask you for your name and email address so that we can contact you if you are the winner. we will not share your email address or name with anyone else, and it will not be displayed with your review. if you have created an account and have a username attached to your account then you will have the choice to display your username with your review or to make your review anonymous. create account: when creating an account on biblio.com we will ask for your email address, country of residence, and a password. we will use the email address and password provided to verify your identity when you log in to the website. we will use the country provided to show default shipping rates. you must provide this information to create an account. we use your account to display your order history, current want list, and any books you have added to a wishlist. you do not have to create an account to place orders, but an account is required to create a want list or add items to a wishlist. orders: when you place an order on biblio.com, we request contact and payment information to complete this order. you must provide contact information (such as name, email, shipping and billing address) and, depending on the payment method you choose, you may be asked to provide payment information (such as credit card number, cvv and expiration date). optionally, you may choose to save your payment information for use in subsequent orders. if you so choose we will securely encrypt and store your payment information as part of your account. saved payment information will only be used at your request for processing subsequent orders. we use this information to process your payment and to communicate with you about the order. we will share your contact information with the bookseller(s) whose books you are ordering so that they can ship your order. we do not share your payment information with the bookseller(s). our booksellers are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than fulfilling your order. your payment information will be shared with our payment processor so that your payment can be processed. elements of your order information not including your credit card number will be shared with our payment risk assessment provider for the sole purpose of assessing payment risk. for united states customer orders we use a third-party customer review site to provide a forum for our customers to leave reviews of our service that are collected and verified by this third-party company. to facilitate these reviews we share your email address, name and order number. we share this information solely for the purpose of facilitating these reviews. law enforcement requests: we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site. in addition we reserve the right to comply with law enforcement requests for information that we deem reasonable. unless prohibited by law, we will notify you via email when we share your information as a result of these requests or legal processes. security practices: the security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter any information on our website, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can email us at support@biblio.com. general data protection regulation: please note that for the purposes of the eu general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), the data controller is biblio, inc. biblio's data protection officer may be contacted at privacy@biblio.com. our services are not intended for children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 16. california privacy rights: beginning january 1, 2020, the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) provides california residents the right to explicitly opt out of the sale of their personal information. biblio does not sell your personal information, nor does biblio transfer personal information to any other party for any reason other than as explicitly disclosed above in this privacy policy. as explained above, you have the right to request a copy of or deletion of your data from biblio at any time using the contact information provided. if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact biblio customer service at privacy@biblio.com. last updated on 12/30/2019. the biblio difference about biblio social responsibility why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff jobs at biblio our blog help support independent used bookstores 30-day return guarantee terms and conditions privacy and security accessibility contact us subscribe sign up for our newsletter! enter email address go disregard this field i was delighted with my order and your service. the book arrived in time for the occasion that i needed it for. i was thrilled to be able to find an out-of-print copy. margaret, pa services your account gift certificates 30-day return guarantee check order status purchase orders coupons & promos affiliate program help & faqs about why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff jobs at biblio our blog link to us contact us social responsibility epic bottom line biblioworks carbon neutral shipping resources book collecting book collecting glossary sell books on biblio facebook instagram twitter privacy & security website accessibility terms & conditions site map copyright© 2023 biblio, inc. all rights reserved. biblio® is a registered trademark of biblio, inc. if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using our website, please call 1-800-813-9432 (u.s.) or 1-828-350-0744 (outside the u.s.) monday - friday 10am-4pm est or email us anytime for assistance. biblio.com biblio.co.uk biblio.es biblio.com.au biblio.co.nz biblio.sg biblio.ie bookgilt site preferences × show shipping to: afghanistan albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire bosnia botswana brazil british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada canary islands cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china colombia comoros congo congo, the democratic republic of the cook islands costa rica cote d'ivoire croatia cuba cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia eswatini ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea (south) kosovo kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macau madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue north macedonia norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda saint barthelemy saint helena samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south sudan spain sri lanka st. kitts st. lucia st. maarten st. vincent and the grenadines sudan suriname sweden switzerland tahiti taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos tuvalu u.s. virgin islands uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vatican venezuela vietnam yemen zambia zimbabwe show prices in: us dollars ($) uk pounds (£) japanese yen (¥) australian dollars (a$) canadian dollars (ca$) euro (€) new zealand dollars (nz$) save and close