来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250501061438/https://www.biblio.com/info/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions biblio is the largest independent book marketplace in the world, with over 100 million books. this website uses cookies. we value your privacy and use cookies to remember your shopping preferences and to analyze our website traffic. manage your privacy settings. agree and close skip to content sign in or create account $ your current ship-to country is set to united states and your currency is set to us dollars. help you have 0 items in your cart. 0 toggle book search form. select type of book search you would like to make. search by keyword search by title search by author search by isbn enter terms or isbn you wish to find more search options click to open or close main menu search browse books browse all categories used books discount books rare books biography: general graphic novels, comic books, manga, cartoons poetry children's / teenage: general interest history romance christianity fiction: general and literary science fiction fantasy cookery / food and drink / food writing crime and mystery fiction sports and active outdoor recreation handicrafts, decorative arts and crafts hobbies health, relationships and personal development textbooks rare books browse rare books first editions signed books book collecting glossary first edition identification book value children's books antiquarian books business, finance and the law cooking, gardening and domestic arts ephemera everything else history literature religion, philosophy and metaphysics science, technology and transportation signed books, documents and manuscripts social sciences, biography and genealogy sports, games and recreation the arts the art of the book travel and exploration records, tapes and wax cylinders animals and animalia promotions bibliophiles club biblio for libraries gift certificates discount books free shipping bookstores sell books $ your current ship-to country is set to united states and your currency is set to us dollars. home information terms and conditions terms and conditions terms and conditions for biblio.com. biblio.com, ("biblio inc." or "biblio") maintains this web site to provide you with information about biblio inc. and its products and services. by using biblio's web site, you agree that your access to and use of this web site or other biblio services are bound by the following terms and conditions (the "terms"). personal use only biblio's web site and all test services (the "services") are available only for your personal, non-commercial use. you may not use the services to increase traffic to your web site for commercial reasons or sell a service or product unless you enter into an agreement with biblio describing the terms of your commercial use. you may not "metasearch" any information relating to the services, including, without limitation, any posted book review (the "reviews"). you may not reproduce, distribute, store, broadcast, sell or sublicense information or content included on the web site without obtaining prior written consent of an authorized representative of biblio inc. biblio reserves all rights not granted herein, including all copyrights. please contact biblio if you are interested in entering into an agreement with biblio regarding your potential commercial use of the services or use the "apply to sell books on biblio" link found on the home page for more information. links this web site may contain links to other web sites. biblio inc. is not responsible for the content of such other web sites including any changes or updates that are made to the linked web site or the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on other web sites. biblio does not screen the links included in the services and the linked web sites are maintained by persons over whom biblio exercises no control. use of the services may produce search results and links to sites that some people find objectionable, inappropriate, or offensive. we cannot guarantee that a search or link will not locate unintended or objectionable content and assume no responsibility for the content of any site included in any search or link pursuant to the services. biblio inc. provides the links as a convenience to you and the existence of the links on this web site does not imply that biblio approves of or is affiliated with the linked organization or company, or its products or services, or that the linked organization or company approves of or is affiliated with biblio. modification biblio may modify or terminate the services for any reason, and without notice, without any liability to you, any other user or any third party. biblio reserves the right to modify the terms from time to time without notice. by accessing this web site or using the services after any changes to the terms have been posted thereon, you will be deemed to have consented to all such changes. please review the terms from time to time so that you will be aware of any changes. intellectual property the trademarks, service marks, and logos (the "trademarks") used and displayed on this web site are registered and unregistered marks of biblio inc. and others. nothing on this web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, without the written permission of biblio inc. biblio aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. biblio inc. trademarks may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this web site, without prior, written permission. you are responsible for the accuracy and truthfulness of any information, including but not limited to reviews, remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other submitted content, communicated to biblio by you through this web site or the services, including but not limited to intellectual property related thereto (except as may otherwise be expressly provided). you may not post material that you know or reasonably should know to be false or materially misleading, or that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, abusive, harassing, threatening, or otherwise objectionable, or that is solely commercial in nature, or that invades a person's privacy, infringes another person's intellectual property rights, or otherwise violates any law or regulation. biblio does not endorse the accuracy or reliability of, and is not responsible for, any statement, opinion, recommendation or any other submitted content, including, without limitation, any reviews. any reliance on a review or other content shall be at your sole risk. biblio retains the right, but not the obligation, in its absolute and sole discretion to screen, edit or delete any review or other displayed or submitted content and to prevent or restrict access to the services for any reason. by submitting reviews, creative ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, suggestions, opinions, materials or any other content, you acknowledge that all such submissions become the exclusive property of biblio inc., without compensation and biblio may copy, incorporate, distribute or otherwise use such submissions for any commercial or non-commercial purpose. you hereby agree to take whatever further actions, may be necessary to assign your rights to the same to biblio. you acknowledge that the all information and content on the web site and any intellectual property rights embodied therein are the property of biblio inc. or its information providers. the web site is subject to protection of intellectual property laws of canada and the united states of america and all other jurisdictions and was created, compiled, prepared, selected and arranged by biblio through the expenditure of substantial effort and resources. this web site constitutes valuable property of biblio inc. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless biblio, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, information providers and licensors, from any claims, costs, losses, damages, judgments and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees, relating to or arising out of any breach of this agreement or any use of the services by you, or by another person using the services through you or using your computer. disclaimer of warranties biblio disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, completeness, legality, reliability, or operability or availability of information or material displayed as a result of the services. biblio disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, misdelivery, or untimely delivery of any information or material. biblio disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information or material on the internet through use of the services. all materials, information, products and services included in the services are provided "as is," with no warranties whatsoever. biblio and its licensors expressly disclaim to the fullest extent permitted by law all express, implied, and statutory warranties, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights. biblio and its licensors disclaim any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness, and performance of the services. biblio and its licensors disclaim, any warranties for any information or advice obtained through the services. biblio and its licensors disclaim any warranties for services or goods received through or advertised on the services or received through any links provided by the services, as well as for any information or advice received through any links provided in the services. you understand and agree that you download or otherwise obtain material or data through the use of the services at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material or data, including, without limitation, any damages arising from viruses that may infect your computer or other property. some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction. limitation of liability under no circumstances shall biblio or its licensors be liable to any user on account of that user's use or misuse of or reliance on the services arising from any claim relating to this agreement or the subject matter hereof. such limitation of liability shall apply to prevent recovery of direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, and punitive damages whether such claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise, (even if biblio or its licensors have been advised of the possibility of such damages). such limitation of liability shall apply whether the damages arise from use or misuse of and reliance on the services, from inability to use the services, or from the interruption, suspension, or termination of the services (including such damages incurred by third parties). this limitation shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by reason of other services or goods received through or advertised on the services or received through any links provided in the services, as well as by reason of any information or advice received through or advertised on the services or received through any links provided in the services. this limitation shall also apply, without limitation, to the costs of procurement of substitute goods or services, lost profits, or lost data. such limitation shall further apply with respect to the performance or non-performance of the services or any information or merchandise that appears on, or is linked or related in any way to, the services. such limitation shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law. some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you. without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall biblio or its licensors be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, explosions, acts of god, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-performance of third parties, or loss of or fluctuations in heat, light, or air conditioning. choice of law these terms and conditions shall be governed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the state of north carolina without regard to the conflict or choice of law rules thereof. the courts of the state of north carolina shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising hereunder. if for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provisions or portion of the terms to be unenforceable, the remainder of the terms will continue in full force and effect. these terms of use constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. any waiver of any provision of the terms will be effective only if in a writing and signed by biblio. the biblio difference about biblio social responsibility why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff jobs at biblio our blog help support independent used bookstores the biblio guarantee terms and conditions privacy and security accessibility contact us subscribe sign up for our newsletter! enter email address go disregard this field i was delighted with my order and your service. the book arrived in time for the occasion that i needed it for. i was thrilled to be able to find an out-of-print copy. margaret, pa services your account gift certificates the biblio guarantee check order status purchase orders coupons & promos affiliate program help & faqs about why shop at biblio? our story biblio staff jobs at biblio our blog link to us contact us social responsibility epic bottom line biblioworks carbon neutral shipping resources book collecting book collecting glossary sell books on biblio the auction & book sales archive by biblio (absa) facebook instagram bluesky privacy & security website accessibility terms & conditions site map copyright© 2025 biblio, inc. all rights reserved. biblio® is a registered trademark of biblio, inc. if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using our website, please call 1-800-813-9432 (u.s.) or 1-828-350-0744 (outside the u.s.) monday - friday 10am-4pm est or email us anytime for assistance. trustpilot visa mastercard american express discover paypal apple pay google pay biblio.com biblio.co.uk biblio.es biblio.com.au biblio.co.nz biblio.pt biblio.sg biblio.ie bookgilt site preferences × show shipping to: afghanistan albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan azores bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire bosnia botswana brazil british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada canary islands cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china colombia comoros congo congo, the democratic republic of the cook islands costa rica cote d'ivoire croatia cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia eswatini ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea (south) kosovo kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macau madagascar madeira malawi malaysia maldives mali malta martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue north macedonia norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda saint helena saint-barthelemy samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south sudan spain sri lanka st. kitts st. lucia st. maarten st. vincent and the grenadines sudan suriname sweden switzerland tahiti taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos tuvalu u.s. virgin islands uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vatican venezuela vietnam yemen zambia zimbabwe show prices in: us dollars ($) uk pounds (£) japanese yen (¥) australian dollars (a$) canadian dollars (ca$) euro (€) new zealand dollars (nz$) save and close