来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090707103950/http://www.aritzia.com/labels
================================================================================

labels | aritzia about locations contact us sign-up careers launch player stylelookbookss09 fashion ss09 must haves fw08 fashion videosss09 fw08 style highlights raw style labels spirit labels we curate everything that goes in our stores with you in mind. have a look at the brands we’ve selected. fashion adidas from collaborations with yohji yamamoto to stella mccartney, adidas is the perfect fusion of sport authenticity and street style. adidas.com charlotte ronson ronson's signature design aesthetic was sought after so much by her peers that she started her own line. we're glad she did. like a handful of celebs (mischa barton, gwen stefani, and winona ryder to name a few), we love her original take on classic 70's femininity. charlotteronson.com cheap monday famous for their skinny jeans, this swedish brand has expanded into a full scale collection with fashionable pieces full of attitude. cheapmonday.com community taking inspiration from the intersection between urban and natural environments, community is for the city girl with a love of nature. style forward and aware, the line incorporates sustainable fabrics into the carefully considered pieces. james perse james perse found his calling in fashion when he designed the perfect baseball cap and sold it in his father's fashion boutique. one taste and james perse never looked back. in 1996 he launched the james perse label. the designer strives to mix the sophistication of the design of los angeles with the casual warmth of the southern california lifestyle, and the line continues to grow in that vision. jamesperse.com loomstate inspired by youth subcultures styles over the past 40 years, loomstate is a classic american casual line with modern fits and impeccable attention to detail. it is also founded on a respect for the environment. by using certified organic cotton, and socially and environmentally responsible methods of production, loomstate achieves timeless style rooted in environmental and social sustainability. loomstate.org mackage what if we told you the designers of sexy, avant-garde outerwear line mackage have been working on their brand since they were 12? fast track to today and it's no surprise mackage gets props from the international fashion scene for their fine tailored, “coats with attitude”. mackage.com marc by marc jacobs marc by marc jacobs hardly needs an introduction. it's known to make fashionistas line up around the block, so we're excited to introduce this cult brand to our roster. from the vintage inspired details to the melt in your mouth colour palettes who doesn't love marc by marc jacobs? marcjacobs.com nike from humble beginnings in portland, nike has grown to become just as integral to street culture as it is to sports. nike.com obey influential street artist, shepard fairey, who is originally known for his iconic imagery, launched obey clothing when he realized that he could translate his philosophy of art into a clothing brand that speaks to many different genres.  because of the diversity in influences, this street brand hits on looks that are both classic and fashion-driven. obeyclothing.com park life inspired by canadian athletes, west coast culture and vintage sport graphics, park life combines the perfect hoody, tee, workout gear and accessories with fresh vancouver 2010 graphics. incorporating technical and sustainable fabrics, the line is ideal for active girls. park life for aritzia has been selected by the vancouver organizing committee for the 2010 olympic and paralympic winter games as an official licensee. to buy select styles online go to the olympic store at vancouver2010.com rvca rvca's design-driven lifestyle clothing line combines art, music, fashion, and a modern lifestyle in an original way that is free of passing trends. rvca.com see by chloé see by chloé is the youthful, more playful sister line to design house chloé, bringing the same strong fashion sense to ladies with sophisticated and edgy femininity. chloe.com talula of the moment fashion for immediate gratification, talula's all about sexy, youthful, energetic style. inspired in equal parts by the runway and style icons of the moment, talula reinterprets the latest trends in an original way. talula babaton talula babaton collections present classic pieces with a clean and modern aesthetic. sophisticated and youthful talula babaton is the young woman's answer to professional wear. the luxe materials and attention to detail is perfect for the working woman who wants to stand out from the corporate crowd. tna continually one of canada's hottest lifestyle labels, tna's designs draw on the culture and laid-back energy of the west coast. functional pieces like the perfect hoody or tee are updated to reflect the graphic trends of the season. tna.com twelfth street by cynthia vincent in 2003, vincent introduced the line that was to define her sensibility, twelfth street by cynthia vincent, during los angeles fashion week. appropriately named after the street on which she grew up in the suburbs of la, twelfth street became a very personal project for vincent. over the years, such staples as the silk crepe de chine slips, velvet boudoir jackets and luxurious sweaters have become the most sought after fashion pieces from new york to hollywood. the designer's eclectic style, coupled with her modern translation of vintage fashion has made twelfth street an obvious choice for fashion editors as well as the entertainment industry. cynthiavincent.net vena cava brooklyn-based designers lisa mayock and sophie buhai have been designing together since their graduation from parsons school of design in the spring of 2003. drawing inspiration from their own vast vintage collections and natural objects, they create simple designs enhanced by subtle details and elegant fabrics. a piece by vena cava is like a special family heirloom handed down from graceful mother to sophisticated daughter, enhancing the wearer's own beauty not by shouting but by whispering. venacavanyc.com vince a line rooted in casual and refined basics, vince's commitment to quality will take you from a day of shopping to a night downtown.  vince is a contemporary fashion brand best known for its luxe staples that reflect a modern, sophisticated lifestyle, using the finest fabrics, quality construction and attention to detail without compromising wearability. vince.com vpl two vpl began with a simple concept of drawing the innerwear out. by bringing underwear out to become a visible, stylish part of our everyday uniform, vpl style begs the question: what mystery really lies beneath? vpl (visible panty line) launched its first line of undergarment-inspired styles in fall of 2003, when well-known stylist victoria bartlett had a vision to design a capsule collection to fill the niche between lingerie and sportswear. as a stylist, victoria acknowledged the growing demand for utilitarian yet stylish undergarments that can be mixed, matched, and layered. vplnyc.com wesc wesc creates street fashion rather than street wear – clothing with roots in a subculture that sets its own rules and follows its own trends. wesc.com wilfred a blend of vintage patterns, beautiful fabrications and a refined attention to detail, wilfred is fashion for the youthful sophisticate. with a focus on effortless style and amazing fits the label has quickly developed a cult following amongst cosmopolitan fashion seekers. wilfred.com denim cheap monday famous for their skinny jeans, this swedish brand has expanded into a full scale collection with fashionable pieces full of attitude. cheapmonday.com current/elliott founded by l.a stylists emily current and meritt elliott (whose cool, undone aesthetic has them dressing everyone from mary kate olsen to fiona apple). these jeans are unlike anything else out there in the market: the style is based on vintage levi’s from the ‘50’s, and they’re made from fine, super-soft japanese denim that’s been buffed and distressed by hand. each unique piece is truly such and feels as though it’s had a century’s worth of wear. currentelliot.com earnest sewn earnest sewn is a denim brand that sets itself apart by updating the american heritage lifestyle and offering an uncompromising collection of denim that reflects an unprecedented commitment to quality and workmanship. designed and launched by scott morrison, the earnest sewn design principle is literally translated as "product sewn in earnest". earnestsewn.com habitual habitual was created by husband and wife team, michael and nicole colovos, due to their obsession with denim and its ability to become a second skin. after wearing them day in and day out, they become a part of you, a visual biography of your life like a denim snowflake, unique as your own dna. habitual denim is artisan in its process, from concept to production, to its hand-finishing. habitual.com j brand j brand is co-founded by denim manufacturer jeff rudes and stylist susie crippen. the two set out to create classic and sophisticated jeans with the emphasis on fit, while holding to one mandate: creating timeless products. paying careful attention to details and clean, dark finishes, together they have created a combination of sexiness, style and comfort in women’s jeans. “it’s all about a woman looking beautiful in her jeans, not the jeans drawing attention to her.” jbrandjeans.com ksubi ksubi (formerly known as tsubi) is an australian fashion label co-founded and directed by surfers dan single and george gorrow. the brand is known as one of the most notorious, recognized, street-wise, and innovative fashion labels in the world. it has a diverse range of fans, ranging from australian underground musicians and new york models to celebrities and fashion icons such as gemma ward, ashley olsen, kate bosworth, scissor sisters, kate moss, and many more. ksubi.com nudie jeans nudie designs jeans with the belief that the more you wear your jeans the more beautiful they get. that's probably why their fits aren't short-term trend based. instead, nudie's timeless washes and fits make them jeans you could spend the rest of your life with. nudiejeans.com accessories bensimon based in france, serge and yves bensimon’s launched their first bensimon collection, a line for men and women inspired from the military and the travel. with this collection, they had launched their ‘la tennis” shoes which have immediately been adopted by the fashion community and naturally became in 25 years a “must have” in the women’s wardrobes. bensimon.com marc by marc jacobs marc by marc jacobs hardly needs an introduction. it's known to make fashionistas line up around the block, so we're excited to introduce this cult brand to our roster. from the vintage inspired details to the melt in your mouth colour palettes who doesn't love marc by marc jacobs? marcjacobs.com see by chloé see by chloé is the youthful, more playful sister line to design house chloé, bringing the same strong fashion sense to ladies with sophisticated and edgy femininity. chloe.com spring court since its creation in 1936, spring court has been at the forefront of design and functionality.  hand made using egyptian cotton or perforated leather top, a natural rubber sole, and other quality materials, this french shoe revolutionized the sneaker game, and all around functionality. with its trademark old school aesthetic mixing harmoniously with a new school attitude, the spring court collection is an exclusive footwear line that successfully crossed over into pop culture consciousness and will remain there for the generations to come. springcourtusa.com policies sitemap