来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091228134447/http://www.brighton.com/faq/
================================================================================

brighton | brighton.com in all categories eyewear footwear fragrance-bath-body handbags home and gifts jewelry ladies belts luggage men's belts and accessories personal accessories private label ss jewelry wallets watches western belts and accessories whatever your style, personality, career, or mood, brighton accessories are designed for you! search by category heartbeat registration · products · events · store locator · e-cards · wishlist · about us · contact · faq · career opportunities handbags can i purchase a brighton handbag direct? at this time, the only way to purchase brighton is at your local brighton retailer. if you need assistance locating your nearest brighton retailer, use our store locator on our web site. if you are unable to find a retailer near you, please call our consumer affairs department, (800) 628-7687, and we will be happy to direct you to your nearest brighton retailer. does brighton sell personalized photobags? yes, brighton offers five different body styles, click here to see them and find a "memory bag" retailer near you. can i send my bag to brighton for cleaning? we do provide cleaning and conditioning of registered handbags (please note we do not clean straw or fabric bags). if you need to have your bag cleaned and conditioned, please call the handbag department at (800) 235-8748 ext. 1402 for assistance. please have your handbag registration number available when you call in (registration number is stamped on a square leather patch located inside the handbag). you will need to take care of the expense to send your handbag in, but we will pay to ship it back to you. what is the guarantee on a registered brighton handbag? upon registering your handbag, we will warranty your purchase against workmanship and structure defects for two full years from date of purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. how do i clean my brighton accessories? leather: please remember, leather is a natural product. colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops), apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth. micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability. cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris. silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). please note that many types of stains and marks are untreatable. this includes, but is not limited to, stains caused by: ink, cosmetics, food stains, oils, body / hand moisturizers, hand sanitizing cleansers or perfumes. jewelry and watches what is your guarantee on brighton accessories? brighton guarantees small accessory against workmanship and/or structure defects for one full year from date of purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. the brighton promise and all guarantees are extended to the original owner only; transfer of this guarantee is prohibited. upon exchange of ownership, the brighton promise and any guarantees are invalid. how do i send in a brighton product for warranty service? for exceptional service, please call the consumer affairs team. to discuss product issues prior to shipping the item to us, call (800) 235-8748 - ext. 3 for handbags; ext. 2 for all other accessories. after we receive your item at brighton, we will be happy to process your request and will return the item to you within 4-6 weeks. should warranty service be required, please include the following items with your brighton accessory: accessory, carefully packed in an insured protective, durable container copy of the sales receipt specific description of the problem(s) your name, complete address, and phone number mail to: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave industry ca 91746 what are brighton earrings made of? all posts, french wires & lever backs on earrings are sterling silver (925). for clip-on earrings, the clips are not sterling silver. they are stamping brass, with a finish plating on them. is brighton jewelry sterling silver? brighton rings are sterling silver. other jewelry items and silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, and then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. can i purchase brighton direct? at this time, the only way to purchase brighton is at your local brighton retailer. if you need assistance locating your nearest brighton retailer, use our store locator on our web site. if you are unable to find a retailer near you, please call our consumer affairs department, (800) 628-7687, and we will be happy to direct you to your nearest brighton retailer. where can i find replacement parts for my brighton timepiece? you can order replacement parts directly from brighton two ways: toll free telephone (800) 628-7687 for phone orders please have your mastercard or visa number and the style of your watch ready, and one of our consumer affairs specialists will be happy to assist you. u.s.mail brighton accessories - 14022 nelson avenue - city of industry, ca 91746 by mail, simply send a note stating your name, address, phone number, watch style and part needed. include either a check, money order, or credit card number with expiration date for the total charges. please add $7.00 for shipping and handling. replacement leather bands are available for $12.00, shipping and handling already included. crystals are available for all currently manufactured timepiece styles. before mailing in your watch, please contact the consumer affairs department for availability. crystal cost is $10.00, plus shipping and handling. batteries are a standard size and may be purchased at any reputable watch or jewelry shop. batteries are available through brighton for $2.00, plus shipping and handling. once we receive your order, it takes approximately 4-6 weeks for you to receive your part. how do i clean my brighton accessories? silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). please note that many types of stains and marks are untreatable. this includes, but is not limited to, stains caused by: ink, cosmetics, food stains, oils, body / hand moisturizers, hand sanitizing cleansers or perfumes. how do i change the date and time on the copenhagen watch? to change the date: pull the button out one click and turn counter-clockwise. to change the hour/minute: pull the button out two clicks and turn clockwise. there is even a day-of-the-week display and 24 hour clock. what different souvenir state bracelets does brighton make? these bracelets brimming with silver-plate and bright enamel charms let you keep everything great about your trip in sight, and in mind! don't leave these treasured memento behind...once you leave the state, you'll have to go back to buy a bracelet! illinois the land of lincoln’s bracelet links nostalgia, heritage and humor: a bust of lincoln (of course!), l train with moving wheels, chicago pizza slice (with heart-shaped pepperonis!), ferris wheel (for navy pier & riverview), wrigley field signpost and a hot dog with a heart! new york from manhattan to staten island, take the big apple everywhere! there’s a big apple red enameled charm, “born to shop” bag, state charm with rose and a myriad of mini milestones – empire state building. statue of liberty, broadway sign and yellow taxi! colorado wearing this bracelet is a peak experience! a sculpted charm depicts the famed rocky mountains and there are other height-inspired icons: a skier, bighorn sheep (state animal) hiking backpack, pine cone, star for the mile-high city of denver and a charm bearing the colorado flag. washington, d.c. this one lets you capitol-ize on beautiful images from our nation’s capitol: cherry blossoms, heart with flag motifs, mini constitution, capitol building, white house and eagle. it’s a true piece of americana! arizona the great southwest comes alive with all its desert charms: a beautiful turquoise, cactus and sun, howling coyote and even a diamondback rattlesnake! the state charm depicts the colorful state flag. florida this bracelet has a sunny disposition – its silvery sun is even etched with the words “the sunshine state.”  ranges give the state charm a juicy splash of color…there’s a strolling pink flamingo, of course, and even a ‘gator and space shuttle charm! california everything to love about california, north to south – wine for the napa valley, trolley car (with spin-able wheels) and golden gate bridge for san francisco, gold nugget from the gold rush country and its own hollywood star. the state charm’s brightened by poppies! hawaii capture the “aloha state of mind! charms depict a hula girl with swishy chain skirt, hawaiian shirt, silver pineapple, surfboard, heart-shape lei and mermaid with a black pearl. the state charm is a framed “map of the islands.” texas it’s “texas” to a t (including texas tea) with an oilrig, armadillo, lone star and yellow rose of texas, inscribed with those words. a collectible with charms as wide-ranging and endearing as the state itself! the state flag hangs proudly on the state charm. nevada what happens in vegas doesn’t always have to stay in vegas!  more than a bracelet, it’s entertainment with dice, cards, a slot machine and spinning roulette wheel inscribed with “viva las vegas.” the state charm is silver – befitting “the silver state.” georgia “georgia,” in a nutshell – including a peanut charm, peach, southern belle that’s really a bell, nickel soda and a musical note inscribed with “georgia on my mind.” the state charm’s magnolia looks so fresh you can almost smell the perfume! do you have any personalized jewelry? treasures are fun pieces of jewelry that you can put together for yourself or a loved one. there are numerous charms and they can even be stamped with names and dates. click here for more on treasures. can brighton rings be repaired? for quality service please call the consumer affairs team to discuss product issues prior to shipping your brighton accessory. if it is determined that your brighton ring is repairable then you will need to send in all pieces of your ring set even if only one section is in need of repair. should warranty service be required, please include the following items with your brighton accessory: accessory, carefully packed in an insured protective, durable container copy of the sales receipt specific description of the problem(s) your name, complete address, and phone number mail to: leegin leather 14022 nelson ave industry ca 91746 small accessories what is your guarantee on brighton accessories? brighton guarantees small accessory against workmanship and/or structure defects for one full year from date of purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. the brighton promise and all guarantees are extended to the original owner only; transfer of this guarantee is prohibited. upon exchange of ownership, the brighton promise and any guarantees are invalid. how do i send in a brighton product for warranty service? for exceptional service, please call the consumer affairs team. to discuss product issues prior to shipping the item to us, call (800) 235-8748 - ext. 3 for handbags; ext. 2 for all other accessories. after we receive your item at brighton, we will be happy to process your request and will return the item to you within 4-6 weeks. should warranty service be required, please include the following items with your brighton accessory: accessory, carefully packed in an insured protective, durable container copy of the sales receipt specific description of the problem(s) your name, complete address, and phone number mail to: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave industry ca 91746 can i purchase brighton direct? at this time, the only way to purchase brighton is at your local brighton retailer. if you need assistance locating your nearest brighton retailer, use our store locator on our web site. if you are unable to find a retailer near you, please call our consumer affairs department, (800) 628-7687, and we will be happy to direct you to your nearest brighton retailer. where can i order my agenda refills? brighton agendas are a standard size and can be purchased at any stationery store. they can also be ordered on-line at www.plannerstore.com. if you prefer the customized brighton refills, they can be ordered directly from brighton. order forms are found in the back of the calendar section and can either be mailed or faxed to the consumer affairs department, fax (626) 369-1771. for phone orders please have your mastercard or visa number, and the style of your agenda refill request (found on the order form) ready and one of our consumer affairs specialists will be happy to assist you, (800) 628-7687 how do i set a brighton clock? when you need to re-set the time or replace the battery, you will first need to remove the clock face from it’s beautiful frame. to do this, gently slip your fingernail or a fine delicate tool between the outside of the clock’s gun metal rim and the beautiful frame - to pop it out. time setting: the time setting crown is located behind the bezel at the 3 o’clock position. to set time pull out crown and turn it until the hands show the current time. when time is set, push crown back into the normal position. (see fig.1) battery replacement: when the clock loses time or the battery stops, it is time for replacement. the battery is accessible from the back of the clock. insert a screwdriver into the case notch (see fig.2) and pry open the back cover. the battery is retained in position by a tiny metal lever. move the lever sideways to remove battery. (see fig.3) replace with button cell battery, positive pole (+) facing outward making sure that it is retained securely in position by the metal lever. replace cover. battery type: sr626sw, ucc 377, ray-o-vac, rw329 or equivalent. how do i clean my brighton accessories? leather: please remember, leather is a natural product. colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops), apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth. micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability. cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris. silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). please note that many types of stains and marks are untreatable. this includes, but is not limited to, stains caused by: ink, cosmetics, food stains, oils, body / hand moisturizers, hand sanitizing cleansers or perfumes. eyewear what is your guarantee on brighton eyewear? we guarantee sunglasses against workmanship and/or structure defects for one full year from date of purchase. this guarantee is warranted to you the original owner and is not transferable. we reserve the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. if repair is needed, a receipt may be required to complete the repair process. how do i send in a brighton product for warranty service? for exceptional service, please call the consumer affairs team. to discuss product issues prior to shipping the item to us, call (800) 235-8748 - ext. 3 for handbags; ext. 2 for all other accessories. after we receive your item at brighton, we will be happy to process your request and will return the item to you within 4-6 weeks. should warranty service be required, please include the following items with your brighton accessory: accessory, carefully packed in an insured protective, durable container copy of the sales receipt specific description of the problem(s) your name, complete address, and phone number mail to: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave industry ca 91746 can i purchase brighton sunglasses or readers direct? at this time, the only way to purchase brighton is at your local brighton retailer. if you need assistance locating your nearest brighton retailer, use our store locator on our web site. if you are unable to find a retailer near you, please call our consumer affairs department, (800) 628-7687, and we will be happy to direct you to your nearest brighton retailer. can i purchase replacement sunglass or reader replacement pieces? all you wanted to know about brighton sunglasses: brighton creates the sunglasses that create the look. you can be modern, feel spirited, think glamour, or disguise yourself. it's all a matter of style, proportion and imagination. our sunglasses are fun, expressive and all about you! quality is one of our top priorities. we use cr-39 plastic lenses, which are less susceptible to scratches and are impact resistant. the lenses are fda approved and made of hard resin, far superior than acrylic lenses. they are 100% uva and uvb. our sunglasses are optical ready (except for kokomo). the numbers on the nose pads indicate the size of the lenses and are made of pvc that resists discoloration. the style number is indicated on the inside left temple. example, sg-478-140, and the last three numbers indicate the temple length. quick fix items: humans are wonderfully diverse in their personalities, thoughts, coloring and face shapes. that is why brighton offers more than 50 styles of sunglasses to choose from. since 17 different steps are taken in the development and production of our brighton sunglasses we realize that quick fixes may be needed. should you happen to need an item to repair your sunglasses please feel free to call 800 628-7687. lenses - $5.00 each temples - $7.00 nose pieces - complimentary ornaments - complimentary screws - complimentary *quick fix items should be requested as needed. currently there are no charges for selected items, although leegin leather reserves the right in the future to charge a minimal fee. if a style is out of line, there is the possibility that the quick fix item may not be available. please note: shining star sunglasses must be sent in for replacement lenses. suggestions for care: we recommend storing your sunglasses in the flocked soft velvet tin they were purchased in or in one of our leather sunglass cases offered for purchase. to clean you lenses we recommend a mild soap and water or a dry lint-free cloth miscellaneous how can i receive brighton emails? to subscribe to our email list, please click here. how can i stop receiving brighton emails? to unsubscribe from our email list, please click here. how can i be added to brighton's mailing list? to subscribe to our mailing list, please click here and select "add me to the mailing list". how can i be removed from brighton's mailing list? to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please click here and select "remove me from the mailing list". products | accessories | eyewear | footwear | handbags | home & gifts | jewelry | ladies belts | luggage | wallets | watches e-cards | events | gift cards | special offers | store locator | wishlist | about us | career opportunities | faq | we're not perfect | privacy policy | contact us | winners