来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101229143513/http://www.brighton.com/faq/
================================================================================

brighton | brighton.com in all categories eyewear footwear fragrance-bath-body handbags home and gifts jewelry ladies belts luggage men's belts and accessories personal accessories private label ss jewelry wallets watches western belts and accessories whatever your style, personality, career, or mood, brighton accessories are designed for you! search by category heartbeat registration · products · events · store locator · e-cards · wishlist · about us · contact · faq · career opportunities handbags what is the guarantee on a registered brighton handbag? upon registering your handbag, we will warranty your purchase against workmanship and structure defects for two full years from date of purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. how do i clean my brighton handbag? leather: please remember, leather is a natural product. colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops), apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth. micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability. cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris. silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). please note that many types of stains and marks are untreatable. this includes, but is not limited to, stains caused by: ink, cosmetics, food stains, oils, body / hand moisturizers, hand sanitizing cleansers or perfumes. can i send in my registered brighton handbag for cleaning? we do provide cleaning and conditioning of registered handbags (please note we do not clean straw or fabric bags). if you need to have your bag cleaned and conditioned, please call the handbag department at (800) 235-8748 ext. 1402 for assistance. please have your handbag registration number available when you call in (registration number is stamped on a square leather patch located inside the handbag). you will need to take care of the expense to send your handbag in, but we will pay to ship it back to you. does brighton sell personalized photobags? yes, brighton offers five different body styles, click here to see them and find a "memory bag" retailer near you.jewelry and watches how do i care for my brighton jewelry? what is great about brighton jewelry is the protective lacquer finish that can keep tarnishing at bay. all you need to do is wipe down your piece with a dry, 100% cotton cloth to remove any impurities that may have gathered when wearing. just a few tips to ensure the lacquer finish remains intact. please keep your piece away from water, jewelry cleaners, silver cleaners, treated polishing cloths, perfumes, hairspray, lotions, hand-sanitizers and make-up. any of these items can damage the protective lacquer and cause tarnishing to occur. have your brighton piece be the last item you put on in the morning. it is also best to tuck your cherished item away when not wearing. what materials are used to make brighton jewelry? brighton jewelry is created through a multi-step process that begins with a designer's hand sketch. each piece is cast in solid brass or zinc alloy and is lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. brighton earring posts, french wires, and lever backs are composed of sterling silver (925). clip on earrings are not sterling silver, they are stamped brass with a plating finish. brighton does manufacture certain ring styles with sterling silver. these rings will have the stamp of 925 on the inside. does brighton jewelry have a guarantee? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged, due to a manufactures' defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only with the original product owner and does not apply to normal wear and tear. do brighton timepiece a have a warranty? our watches are warranted to the original owner for a period of five years from the date of purchase, against defective materials or workmanship pertaining to the mechanism. the watch battery, band, casing, and crystal are warranted for a period of one year from date of purchase against defects that might occur during the manufacturing process. any damage caused by normal wear and tear or water damage to any portion of the timepiece is not covered under warranty. how do i send in my brighton jewelry or timepiece for warranty service? we are sorry to hear you are experiencing trouble with your brighton piece. since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items outside the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please also include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. do you have replacement parts available for my brighton timepiece? great news, we do have several replacement parts available for many brighton timepiece styles. ordering is easy, you can purchase directly from us! replacement leather bands, $12.00 (shipping and handling included) crystals, $10 + $7 shipping and handling, are available for watch styles we are currently manufacturing. batteries, $2 + $7 shipping and handling, our batteries are standard size and may be purchased through a reputable watch or jewelry store. to place an order for replacement parts we do recommend first contacting consumer affairs for item availability, (800) 628-7687 monday to friday 7am to 5pm pacific time. have the style name of your watch ready when calling. the style name can be found on the underside of the face below the word brighton and above the heart. for phone orders: please call consumer affairs at (800) 628-7687 monday to friday 7am to 5pm pacific time. we accept visa or mastercard for mail orders: simply write a letter with your full name, shipping address, phone number, watch style, and parts requested to the address below. also, if you would like us to send in your watch to us we can replace the parts for you and you can send the repaired watch back to you. brighton collectibles attn: watch part order 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 also include a check payable to brighton collectibles for the total amount due. does brighton make personalized jewelry? we do make wonderful personalized jewelry called brighton treasures. our treasures collection consists of numerous charms you can customize with names and dates for those special occasions. to find out more about the treasure collection, and for a retailer near you, click here. can brighton alter the style of the jewelry piece i purchased? our designers create each and every piece of jewelry with function, fun, and style in mind. due to the intensive process of creating a piece of brighton jewelry we are unable to alter the original style. my brighton jewelry piece looks tarnished or is turning dark, what do i do? just remember the easy tip on how to keep your brighton jewelry clean. all you need is a dry, 100% cotton cloth and a little elbow grease. wiping your item down with the cloth should remove any impurities or darkening that can occur from wearing the item. also treating your jewelry with silver cleaners, water, or polishing cloths can remove the protective lacquer and cause the item to tarnish. what state souvenir bracelets are available and how do i purchase one? our designers have created unique charm bracelets that remind you of the wonderful trip you took and the sights you visited. these state souvenir bracelets are available in the state with which they represent at local authorized retailers. please call the store for availability. don't leave these treasured mementos behind...once you leave the state, you'll have to go back to buy a bracelet! illinois the land of lincoln's bracelet links nostalgia, heritage and humor: a bust of lincoln (of course!), l train with moving wheels, chicago pizza slice (with heart-shaped pepperonis!), ferris wheel (for navy pier & riverview), wrigley field signpost and a hot dog with a heart! new york from manhattan to staten island, take the big apple everywhere! there's a big apple red enameled charm, "born to shop" bag, state charm with rose and a myriad of mini milestones - empire state building. statue of liberty, broadway sign and yellow taxi! colorado wearing this bracelet is a peak experience! a sculpted charm depicts the famed rocky mountains and there are other height-inspired icons: a skier, bighorn sheep (state animal) hiking backpack, pine cone, star for the mile-high city of denver and a charm bearing the colorado flag. washington, d.c. this one lets you capitol-ize on beautiful images from our nation's capitol: cherry blossoms, heart with flag motifs, mini constitution, capitol building, white house and eagle. it's a true piece of americana! arizona the great southwest comes alive with all its desert charms: a beautiful turquoise, cactus and sun, howling coyote and even a diamondback rattlesnake! the state charm depicts the colorful state flag. florida this bracelet has a sunny disposition - its silvery sun is even etched with the words "the sunshine state." ranges give the state charm a juicy splash of color... there's a strolling pink flamingo, of course, and even a 'gator and space shuttle charm! california everything to love about california, north to south - wine for the napa valley, trolley car (with spin-able wheels) and golden gate bridge for san francisco, gold nugget from the gold rush country and its own hollywood star. the state charm's brightened by poppies! hawaii capture the "aloha state of mind! charms depict a hula girl with swishy chain skirt, hawaiian shirt, silver pineapple, surfboard, heart-shape lei and mermaid with a black pearl. the state charm is a framed "map of the islands." texas it's "texas" to a t (including texas tea) with an oilrig, armadillo, lone star and yellow rose of texas, inscribed with those words. a collectible with charms as wide-ranging and endearing as the state itself! the state flag hangs proudly on the state charm. nevada what happens in vegas doesn't always have to stay in vegas! more than a bracelet, it's entertainment, with dice, cards, a slot machine, and a spinning roulette wheel inscribed with "viva las vegas." the state charm is silver - befitting "the silver state." georgia "georgia," in a nutshell - including a peanut charm, peach, southern belle that's really a bell, nickel soda and a musical note inscribed with "georgia on my mind." the state charm's magnolia looks so fresh you can almost smell the perfume! brighton rings are sterling silver. other jewelry items and silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, and then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. small accessories do brighton small accessories have a guarantee? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged, due to a manufactures' defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only with the original product owner and does not apply to normal wear and tear how do i clean my brighton accessory? leather: please remember, leather is a natural product. colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops), apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth. micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability. cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris. silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). please note that many types of stains and marks are untreatable. this includes, but is not limited to, stains caused by: ink, cosmetics, food stains, oils, body / hand moisturizers, hand sanitizing cleansers or perfumes. how do i send in my brighton accessory for warranty service? we are sorry to hear you are experiencing trouble with your brighton piece. since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items outside the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please also include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. where can i purchase agenda refills? brighton agendas are a standard size and can be purchased at any stationery store. they can also be ordered on-line at www.plannerstore.com. if you prefer the customized brighton refills, they can be ordered directly from brighton. order forms are found in the back of the calendar section and can either be mailed or faxed to the consumer affairs department, fax (626) 369-1771. to place an order by phone please call consumer affairs at (800) 628-7687 have the style of your agenda refill request (style can be found on the order form) ready. payment can be made with a visa or mastercard what refill do i use for my brighton desk pen? your pen can be filled by using a standard bic pen, number bicgsf11bk. this style of pen can be found at any office supply store. to remove and replace the ink from each pen gently twist and pull the colored collar or the tan/gold piece with the ball point from the plastic body or brighton pen body then gently twisting and pushing back into your brighton pen body. how do i set the time or replace the battery on my brighton clock? when you need to re-set the time or replace the battery, you will first need to remove the clock face from it's beautiful frame. to do this, gently slip your fingernail or a fine delicate tool between the outside of the clock's gun metal rim and the beautiful frame - to pop it out. time setting: the time setting crown is located behind the bezel at the 3 o'clock position. to set time pull out crown and turn it until the hands show the current time. when time is set, push crown back into the normal position. (see fig.1) battery replacement: when the clock loses time or the battery stops, it is time for replacement. the battery is accessible from the back of the clock. insert a screwdriver into the case notch (see fig.2) and pry open the back cover. the battery is retained in position by a tiny metal lever. move the lever sideways to remove battery. (see fig.3) replace with button cell battery, positive pole (+) facing outward making sure that it is retained securely in position by the metal lever. replace cover. battery type: sr626sw, ucc 377, ray-o-vac, rw329 or equivalent. eyewear does brighton eyewear have a guarantee? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged, due to a manufactures' defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only with the original product owner and does not apply to normal wear and tear. how do i care for my brighton eyewear? to clean the lenses use an optical microfiber cloth to remove any build-up. to keep your glasses in the best condition possible store them away in a protective case when not wearing. also during those hot summer months try not to store your glasses in the car. how do i send in my eyewear for warranty service? awe are sorry to hear you are experiencing trouble with your brighton piece. since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items outside the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please also include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. if your glasses have prescription lenses note this in your letter. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. do you have replacement parts available for my brighton eyewear? brighton offers more than 50 styles of sunglasses to choose from. since 17 different steps are taken in the development and production of our brighton sunglasses we realize that quick fixes may be needed. should you happen to need an item to repair your sunglasses please feel free to call consumer affairs at 800 628-7687. lenses - $5.00 each temples - $7.00 each nose pieces - complimentary ornaments - complimentary screws - complimentary *quick fix items should be requested as needed. currently there are no charges for selected items, although brighton accessories reserves the right in the future to charge a minimal fee. if a style is out of line (discontinued), there is the possibility that the quick fix item may not be available. are brighton sunglasses and readers optical ready? yes they are! all of our sunglasses are optical ready, but depending on your prescription, your optometrist may not be able to use our frames. all necessary information your doctor will need to determine if the sunglass style will work for you is located on the bridge area. footwear what sizes do you carry? all of our shoes are made in narrow sizes 6.5-10 and 11, medium sizes 5-10 and 11, and wide sizes 7-10 and 11. can i purchase brighton footwear direct? at this time, the only way to purchase brighton is through your local brighton retailer. if you need assistance locating your nearest brighton retailer, use our store locator on our web site. if you are unable to find a retailer near you, please call our footwear department, (866)961-9381 x1900, and we will be happy to direct you to your nearest brighton retailer. how do i return or exchange my brighton purchase? please contact the place of purchase to find out the return and exchange policy that would apply to your merchandise. can i purchase brighton online? the brighton website showcases our current selection of merchandise but to make a purchase please visit your local brighton retailer. our designers create some wonderful products and the details show the best in person. can i send my shoes in for cleaning or repair? we can make small repairs in our footwear department such as zippers, ornaments, and heel caps. unfortunately we do not have the capabilities to repair the leather or to refurbish shoes. if you need to see if a shoe is repairable please call the footwear department at (866)961-9381 x1900. does brighton footwear have a warranty? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee footwear against workmanship and/or structure defects for one full year from date of purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. the brighton promise and all guarantees are extended to the original owner only; transfer of this guarantee is prohibited. upon exchange of ownership, the brighton promise and any guarantees are invalid. where are the shoes manufactured? the majority of brighton footwear is manufactured in either italy or brazil. a few of our specialty items, such as flip-flops and sneakers, are produced in china. what widths are brighton shoes made in? all of our shoes are made in wide, medium, and narrow sizes. our narrow sizes are equivalent to an aa width. our medium is equivalent to a b width. our wide widths are equivalent to a c width. how can i be entered in the shoe of the month contest to win a trip to italy? in order to participate in the shoe of the month contest you will need to visit a participating retailer and try on the featured shoe. after you have tried on the featured shoe simply fill out the entry form and the store will send it in for you. each month the featured shoe will change so you have a chance to win once a month. the monthly drawing is for a free pair of shoes and twice a year we have a drawing for a trip to italymiscellaneous where can i purchase brighton accessories? brighton merchandise can be purchased at any authorized retailer or brighton collectibles stores. you can find your local authorized retailer by using the store locator function on our site, click here to find the store nearest you. how do i return or exchange my brighton purchase? please contact the place of purchase to inquire about the return and exchange policy that would apply to your merchandise. can i purchase brighton online? the brighton website only showcases our current selection of merchandise but to make a purchase please visit your local brighton retailer. our designers create some wonderful products, and the details show the best in person. brighton products are sold through a few authorized on-line dealers, for the list click here. what is a wishlist? our designers create so many beautiful pieces it is hard to keep track of what items you want to purchase for you or a special gift. we have a wonderful wishlist you can create online to keep track of your wanted brighton purchases. to learn how to create a wishlist and send it to your local brighton retailer, visit our wishlist page. how can i be added to the brighton email list? we have a wonderful email program called heartbeat. these emails will notify you of exciting new product, wonderful promotion, and fun events at brighton. to register for our heartbeat program click here. how can i be removed from the brighton email list? please click here to be removed from our email list. how can i be added to the brighton mailing list? to subscribe to our mailing list, please click here and select "add me to the mailing list". how can i be removed from the brighton mailing list? to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please click here and select "remove me from the mailing list". products | accessories | eyewear | footwear | handbags | home & gifts | jewelry | ladies belts | luggage | wallets | watches e-cards | events | gift cards | special offers | store locator | wishlist | about us | career opportunities | faq | we're not perfect | privacy policy | contact us | winners