来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230031433/http://www.brighton.com/content/34/help-and-faqs.html
================================================================================

faqs shopping bag help email sign up wish list my account 12 days of joy for all shop now more ways to shop charm pens christmas my flat in london new years pendant perfection sports state charms stopper beads woodstock by brighton more ways to shop brighton classics gifts by color lightweights masterpieces my flat in london more ways to shop celebrating chanukah gifts by price heart & home corporate gifts more ways to shop badge clips bangles bridal inspiration curated looks earring styles gifts with heart message jewelry necklace styles my flat in london top 15 your true color more ways to shop gifts from the heart iphone cases jewelry organizers lightweight travel my flat in london more ways to shop hidden assets collection love locks collection miss khloe collection queen's garden collection make it your own messages memory style seasonal inspiration trend bag of tricks black chocolate crush bohemian rhapsody california blues global roaming la dolce vita meet the crocos tale of two seasons the gypset the royals trend arabesque artisan chain link delicate diamonds iconic hearts jewel tone mix leather sentiments silver sparkle the blues mix two-tone trend bag of tricks california blues global roaming la dolce vita trend blushing beauties charm mixology créme de la créme freshly minted hello fair lady lady loves lavender luxe, lightweight & ladylike luxury lane totally put together let it snow! enjoy winter's charmsall season long. charming gifts maximum impact experience ultimate luxurywith a showstopper bag new arrivals oh christmas tree ...how beautiful you will be! holiday ornaments fa-la-la because who doesn't like a little holi-dazzle! holiday jewelry tokens of affection every time she opens the door,she'll think of you! art & soul collection keys to chic lock in your cutest luxe look! see more find a retailer your true color customizable jewelry design your own jewelry new arrivals store locator videos look books design your jewelry home my account account order status wish list wish list store locator contact home are we friends, yet?follow us facebook twitter youtube instagram pinterest subscribe to brighton! new arrivalsnew jewelrynew charmsnew handbagsnew accessories jewelryview all jewelrynew arrivalsankletsbox setsbraceletsearringsgift setshair accessoriesnecklacesringswatches charmsnew arrivalsbeadscharm buildercharm holderscharming keepsakescharmsear discsmini'sspacers handbagsview all handbagsnew arrivalsbackpackscross bodiesgift setshobosorganizerssatchelsshoulderbagssmall bagsspecial occasiontoteswalletsnew arrivalscoin purses & poucheslarge walletsmedium walletssmall wallets accessoriesnew arrivalsbeltsnew arrivalscasualchaindressystretch eyewearnew arrivalsholdersreaderssunglasses footwearboots & mule bootsflatsflip flopsheelssandalswedges key fobsmen'sbeltswallets & more small collectiblestravelwalletsnew arrivalscoin purses & poucheslarge walletsmedium walletssmall wallets home & giftsclocksdesktopfragrancesframesgift cardsilluminationsornamentstablewarevanity fair design your ownyour true colorbraceletscollectionsabundantaffectionatebalancedblessedcompassionatecourageous heartgracefulgratefuljoyfullovablelovingopen heartedpeaceful presenceradianttender heart earringsnecklacesrings holiday guidemy flat in londonaccessoriescharmshandbagsjewelry videos days 'til christmashurry! guaranteed expedited shipping for christmas ends monday 12/21 at midnight!shop now ▶ home faqs faqs click to find questions and answers about: ordering & shipping | returns | handbags | jewelry & watches | gift cards & egift cards charms | small accessories | eyewear | footwear | your true color | general questions ordering and shipping how do i place an order? placing an order is easy. just click on the product category you wish to browse, select an item, add it to your cart and checkout. or, if you know the name or style number of the product you would like to order online, type it into the search box in the upper right hand corner of the screen. you can always call us and we can assist you over the phone. we can be reached at (800) 628-7687 monday to friday 7am to 5pm pacific time.back to top what is the status of my order? once your order has shipped, you will receive a shipment notification email along with a tracking number. the tracking number will let you see the progress of your order and estimated time of arrival. please note that it may take 24 hours from the time your order is scanned by the carrier till you have updated information. you can also track your order anytime from our website; all you need is your order number and email address.back to top how do i cancel/change my order? we try our best to ship orders as quickly as we receive them. generally, orders cannot be cancelled once they are received. don't worry though, you do have the option of returning your order once it has arrived at your door. if you would like to cancel, please call us at (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm (pst) or email us at consumercare@brighton.com and we will do our best to help. back to top what payment methods do you accept? we accept gift cards and all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, discover) or you can pay with your paypal account. back to top how do i know my credit card/personal information is protected?we understand the importance of your personal information remaining secure. we have taken several levels of precautions and have security measures in place to protect your information.back to top how long do i wait before i receive my order? for standard shipping you should receive your order in 5-10 business days. for expedited shipping your order arrives within 2-3 business days.back to top where do you ship?we ship anywhere within the united states and puerto rico. currently we do not ship internationally or to po boxes, apo/fpo.back to top what are the charges for shipping? we offer 3 methods of shipping - standard, expedited and next day. for standard shipping you should receive your order in 5-7business days. expedited shipping arrives within 2-3 business days and next day within 1-2 business days. number of items ordered standard shipping expedited next day 1 $2.50 $10.00 $15.00 2 $5.00 $12.50 $17.50 3 or more $7.50 $15.00 $20.00 back to top do you have expedited shipping options? yes we do! it is $10 additional for our express shipping service. this option takes 2-3 business days.back to top do you offer gift wrapping?let us wrap it—our treat! we’re happy to offer complimentary gift-wrap, including brighton tissue paper and gift box, topped with a decadent bow. all products can be individually gift wrapped, with the exception of mfil handbags, charm holders and charms. simply choose ‘gift wrap’ at checkout, and let us make your lovely gesture into a ‘ta-da’ moment! view how your items are wrapped back to top returns if i would like to return my order, how do i do that?for online order returns, you have 2 simple ways to return your purchase to us within 60 days. 1. conveniently mail it back to us or 2. visit your local brighton collectibles store to process a return or exchange. click here to be provided with return process information for you order. if you'd rather return your order to your nearest brighton collectibles store, please have all the original packaging, tags, receipt, and a valid photo id with you when you visit the store. we will refund you (minus shipping) in the same method you paid. to find your nearest brighton collectibles store please see our store locator. back to top what is your return policy?for brighton purchases made at a specialty retailer, heart store, or brighton collectibles store please check the store's policy for return information. you can often find this information printed on the receipt or by contacting the store directly. for online orders we accept returns within 60 days of shipment date. for all returns we ask that all items are returned in original condition, unworn, tags are intact, and packaging material is present. we will refund you in the method paid (minus shipping). for return instructions for online orders click here. back to top i lost my pre-printed shipping label, what do i do?no worries, just mail the item back to us using the shipping method of your choice. the address to mail your items back is below. we recommend sending your order back via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or delivery confirmation at the post office. items can get lost in the mail and this way you will know it has reached us. please include your packing slip with mailing.mail your return to: brighton collectibles attn: online returns 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746back to top how long does it take to refund my money after i return it?we will process your return as quickly as we can and will refund you (minus shipping) in the same method you paid. we will fully process your return within 2 weeks of receiving; it may take longer for the refund to post to your account depending on your bank.back to top what is the address i mail my online order return to? the shipping address to mail your online order back to is: brighton collectibles attn: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please read our return information to ensure you include all that we ask when returning items. back to top handbags what is the guarantee on a registered brighton handbag?upon registering your handbag, we will warranty your purchase against workmanship and structure defects for two full years from the date of your purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear.back to top what is a registered handbag? how can i tell?brighton registered handbags each have a unique number (called a registration number) located on a leather patch stitched on the inside of the handbag. registered handbags come with the brighton promise that warranties the handbag for 2 years from purchase date against workmanship and structure defects. back to top how do i clean my handbag?leather: please remember, leather is a natural product. colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops), apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth. micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability. cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris.silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). please note that many types of stains and marks are untreatable. this includes, but is not limited to, stains caused by: ink, cosmetics, food stains, oils, body / hand moisturizers, hand sanitizing cleansers or perfumes.back to top can i send in my registered bag for cleaning?we do provide cleaning and conditioning of registered handbags (please note we do not clean straw or fabric bags). if you need to have your bag cleaned and conditioned, please call the handbag department at (800) 235-8748 ext. 1402 for assistance. please have your handbag registration number available when you call in (registration number is stamped on a square leather patch located inside the handbag). you will need to take care of the cost of sending your handbag in and we will pay to ship it back to you.back to top how do i get my registered bag repaired? to schedule a repair for your brighton handbag please call (800) 235-8748 ext 1402. in order for us to give you better service, we ask that you please have your registration number ready. this number is located on a leather patch inside the back wall of your handbag.if the repair falls within the 2 year warranty from the date of purchase and is considered a manufacturing defect, we will send you a prepaid ups label and process the repair free of charge.if the repair falls outside the 2 year warranty or is not considered a manufacturing defect, we will inspect the handbag and call you with repair charges. back to top jewelry and watches how do i care for my brighton jewelry?what is great about brighton jewelry is the protective lacquer finish that can keep tarnishing at bay. all you need to do is wipe down your piece with a dry, 100% cotton cloth to remove any impurities that may have gathered when wearing. just a few tips to ensure the lacquer finish remains intact. please keep your piece away from water, jewelry cleaners, silver cleaners, treated polishing cloths, perfumes, hairspray, lotions, hand-sanitizers and make-up. any of these items can damage the protective lacquer and cause tarnishing to occur. have your brighton piece be the last item you put on in the morning. it is also best to tuck your cherished item away when not wearing. back to top what materials are used to make brighton jewelry?brighton jewelry is created through a multi-step process that begins with a designer's hand sketch. each piece is cast in solid brass or zinc alloy and is plated in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this natural process. brighton earring posts, french wires, and lever backs are composed of sterling silver (925). clip on earrings are not sterling silver, they are stamped brass with a plating finish.brighton does manufacture certain ring styles with sterling silver. these rings will have the stamp of 925 on the inside. back to top do brighton jewelry/watches have a warranty? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged, due to a manufactures' defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only with the original product owner and does not apply to normal wear and tear. our watches are warranted to the original owner for a period of five years from the date of purchase, against defective materials or workmanship pertaining to the mechanism. the watch battery, band, casing, and crystal are warranted for a period of one year from date of purchase against defects that might occur during the manufacturing process. any damage caused by normal wear and tear or water damage to any portion of the timepiece is not covered under warranty. back to top how do i send in my brighton jewelry/watch for warranty service?we are sorry to hear you are experiencing trouble with your brighton piece. since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items that are beyond the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton collectibles attn: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, stating how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible.back to top do you have replacement parts for my brighton watch?great news: we do have several replacement parts available for many brighton timepiece styles. ordering is easy; you can purchase directly from us! the following are available for watch styles we are currently manufacturing: replacement leather bands - $12.00 (shipping and handling included) crystals - $10 + $7 (shipping and handling) batteries - $2 + $7 (shipping and handling). our batteries are standard size and may be purchased through a reputable watch or jewelry store. to place an order for replacement parts we do recommend first contacting consumer affairs for item availability, (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm pacific time. have the style name of your watch ready when calling. the style name can be found on the underside of the face below the word brighton and above the heart. for phone orders: please call consumer affairs at (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm pacific time. we accept visa and mastercardfor mail orders: simply write a letter with your full name, shipping address, phone number, watch style, and parts requested to the address below. also, if you would like us to send your watch to us we can replace the parts for you and you can send the repaired watch back to you. brighton collectibles attn: watch part order 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please also include a check payable to brighton collectibles for the total amount due.back to top can brighton alter the style of the piece i purchased?our designers create each and every piece of jewelry with every element in harmony. due to the intensive process of creating a piece of brighton jewelry we are unable to alter the original style.back to top if my jewelry piece looks tarnished or is turning dark, what do i do?just remember this easy tip for keeping your brighton jewelry clean. all you need is a dry, 100% cotton cloth and a little elbow grease. wiping your item down with the cloth should remove any impurities or darkening that can occur from wearing the item. also, this is important: treating your jewelry with silver cleaners, water, or polishing cloths can remove the protective lacquer and cause the item to tarnish.back to top what state souvenir bracelets are available and how do i purchase one?our designers have created unique charm bracelets that remind you of the wonderful trip you took and the sights you visited. these state souvenir bracelets are available in the state they represent at local authorized retailers. please call the store for availability.don't leave these treasured mementos behind...once you leave the state, you'll have to go back to buy a bracelet! arizonathe great southwest comes alive with all its desert charms: a beautiful turquoise, cactus and sun, howling coyote and even a diamondback rattlesnake! the state charm depicts the colorful state flag. californiaeverything to love about california, north to south - wine for the napa valley, trolley car (with spin-able wheels) and golden gate bridge for san francisco, gold nugget from the gold rush country and its own hollywood star. the state charm's brightened by poppies! coloradowearing this bracelet is a peak experience! a sculpted charm depicts the famed rocky mountains and there are other height-inspired icons: a skier, bighorn sheep (state animal) hiking backpack, pine cone, star for the mile-high city of denver and a charm bearing the colorado flag. floridathis bracelet has a sunny disposition - its silvery sun is even etched with the words "the sunshine state." ranges give the state charm a juicy splash of color... there's a strolling pink flamingo, of course, and even a 'gator and space shuttle charm! georgia georgia, in a nutshell - including a peanut charm, peach, southern belle that's really a bell, nickel soda and a musical note inscribed with "georgia on my mind." the state charm's magnolia looks so fresh you can almost smell the perfume! hawaiicapture the "aloha state of mind! charms depict a hula girl with swishy chain skirt, hawaiian shirt, silver pineapple, surfboard, heart-shape lei and mermaid with a black pearl. the state charm is a framed "map of the islands." illinoisthe land of lincoln's bracelet links nostalgia, heritage and humor: a bust of lincoln (of course!), l train with moving wheels, chicago pizza slice (with heart-shaped pepperonis!), ferris wheel (for navy pier & riverview), wrigley field signpost and a hot dog with a heart! nevadawhat happens in vegas doesn't always have to stay in vegas! more than a bracelet, it's entertainment, with dice, cards, a slot machine, and a spinning roulette wheel inscribed with "viva las vegas." the state charm is silver - befitting "the silver state." new yorkfrom manhattan to staten island, take the big apple everywhere! there's a big apple red enameled charm, "born to shop" bag, state charm with rose and a myriad of mini milestones - empire state building. statue of liberty, broadway sign and yellow taxi! texasit's "texas" to a t (including texas tea) with an oilrig, armadillo, lone star and yellow rose of texas, inscribed with those words. a collectible with charms as wide-ranging and bold as the state itself! the state flag hangs proudly on the state charm. washington, d.c.this one lets you capitol-ize on beautiful images from our nation's capitol: cherry blossoms, heart with flag motifs, mini constitution, capitol building, white house and eagle. it's a true piece of americana! back to top gift cards and egift cards brighton gift-cards and egift cards are subject to terms and conditions established at time of purchase where can i purchase?both egift cards and gift cards can be purchased on brighton.com. gift cards are also available at brighton collectibles stores. where can i redeem?brighton gift cards can be redeemed for merchandise at brighton collectibles stores, on brighton.com or through our network of specialty retailers that accept brighton gift cards; egift cards are redeemable on brighton.com and at brighton collectibles stores. can i get a refund or return my brighton gift card or egift card?brighton gift cards and egift cards cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. how can i check my balance?for balance information visit brighton.com/giftcards, or call the gift card hotline at: 888-558-0427. what can i do if my card is lost or stolen?we are happy to help you if your card is lost or stolen or if you need us to resend your egift card to your gift recipient. please call us at 800.628.7687 monday-friday 7 am-5 pm pst with your receipt and we will be delighted to assist.back to top charms what materials are used to make your charms?brighton charms are created through a multi-step process that begins with a designer's hand sketch. each piece is cast in solid brass or zinc alloy and is lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this natural process. brighton earring posts, french wires, and lever backs are composed of sterling silver (925). clip on earrings are not sterling silver, they are stamped brass with a plating finish.back to top where may i register my charm starter bracelet?you may register your charm starter bracelet either at the retail store where it was purchased or online.back to top small accessories do brighton small accessories have a guarantee?we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged, due to a manufactures' defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only with the original product owner. it does not apply to normal wear and tear. back to top how can i clean my small accessory?leather: because leather is a natural product, colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops). apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth. micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability. cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris. silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then plated with pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). back to top how do i send in my small accessory for warranty service? we are sorry to hear you are experiencing trouble with your brighton piece. since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items that are beyond the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton collectibles attn: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. back to top where can i purchase refills for my agenda? brighton agendas are a standard size and can be purchased at any stationery store. they can also be ordered online at www.calendarrefills.comback to top are refills available for my brighton desk pen?your pen can be filled by using a standard bic pen, number bicgsf11bk. this style of pen can be found at any office supply store. to remove and replace the ink from each pen gently twist and pull the colored collar or the tan/gold piece with the ball point from the plastic body or brighton pen body then gently twisting and pushing back into your brighton pen body.back to top how do i set the time or replace the battery on my brighton clock? when you need to reset the time or replace the battery, you will need to remove the clock face from it's beautiful frame. to do this, gently slip your fingernail or a fine delicate tool between the outside of the clock's gun metal rim and the beautiful frame - to pop it out.time setting: the time setting crown is located behind the bezel at the 3 o'clock position. to set time pull out crown and turn it until the hands show the current time. when the time is set, push the crown back into the normal position. (see fig.1) battery replacement: when the clock loses time or the battery stops, it is time for replacement. the battery is accessible from the back of the clock. insert a screwdriver into the case notch (see fig.2) and pry open the back cover. the battery is retained in position by a tiny metal lever. move the lever sideways to remove battery. (see fig.3) replace with button cell battery, positive pole (+) facing outward making sure that it is retained securely in position by the metal lever. replace cover.battery type: sr626sw .back to top eyewear does brighton eyewear have a guarantee?we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged due to a manufactures' defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only for the original product owner and does not apply to normal wear and tear.back to top how do i care for my brighton eyewear? to clean the lenses use an optical microfiber cloth to remove any build-up. to keep your glasses in the best condition possible store them away in a protective case when you are not wearing them. during those hot summer months, try not to store your glasses in the car. back to top how do i send in my brighton eyewear for warranty service? since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items that are beyond the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton collectibles attn: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please, include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. if your glasses have prescription lenses note this in your letter. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. back to top do you have replacement parts available for my brighton eyewear? brighton offers more than 50 styles of sunglasses to choose from. since 17 different steps are taken in the development and production of our brighton sunglasses we realize that quick fixes may be needed. should you happen to need an item to repair your sunglasses please feel free to call consumer affairs at (800) 628-7687. lenses - $5.00 each temples - $7.00 each nose pieces - complimentary ornaments - complimentary screws - complimentary *quick fix items should be requested as needed. currently there are no charges for selected items, although brighton accessories reserves the right in the future to charge a minimal fee. if a style is out of line (discontinued), there is a possibility that the quick fix item may not be available. back to top are brighton sunglasses and readers optical ready?yes they are! all of our sunglasses are optical ready, but depending on your prescription, your optometrist may not be able to use our frames. all necessary information your doctor will need to determine if the sunglass style will work for you is located on the bridge area.back to top footwear what sizes do you carry?all of our shoes are made in narrow sizes 6.5-10 and 11, medium sizes 5-10 and 11, and wide sizes 7-10 and 11back to top where can i purchase brighton footwear? at this time, the only way to purchase brighton is through your local brighton retailer. if you need assistance locating your nearest brighton retailer, use our store locator on our web site. if you are unable to find a retailer near you, please call our footwear department, (866) 961-9381 x1900, and we will be happy to direct you to your nearest brighton retailer.back to top can i send my shoes in for cleaning and/or repair? we can make small repairs in our footwear department such as zippers, ornaments, and heel caps. unfortunately we do not have the capabilities to repair the leather or to refurbish shoes. if you need to see if a shoe is repairable please call the footwear department at (866) 961-9381 x1900.back to top does brighton footwear have a warranty? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee footwear against workmanship and/or structure defects for one full year from the date of purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. the brighton promise and all guarantees apply to the original owner only. upon exchange of ownership, the brighton promise and any guarantees are invalid. back to top where are brighton shoes manufactured?the majority of brighton footwear is manufactured in either italy or brazil. a few of our specialty items, such as flip-flops and sneakers, are produced in china.back to top what widths are available?all of our shoes are made in wide, medium, and narrow sizes. our narrow sizes are equivalent to an aa width. our medium is equivalent to a b width. our wide widths are equivalent to a c width.back to top your true color can my customized brighton your true color product be returned?your true color is your creation and uniquely designed for you, by you. we are not able to accept returns.back to top what is the warranty on your true color? as with all brighton jewelry, there is a 1 year warranty against damage due to manufacturer's defects. if your item falls within the warranty period, it will be replaced or repaired at no cost to you.back to top how long does it take for my customized your true color to be created? in just two weeks, you will be wearing your stunning your true color treasure.back to top what types of crystals and stones are used? brighton uses swarovski crystals and natural semi- precious stones. with natural stones, there may be minor differences in color due to nature's influence.back to top how do i care for my brighton jewelry? what is great about brighton jewelry is the protective lacquer finish that can keep tarnishing at bay. all you need to do is wipe down your piece with a dry, 100% cotton cloth to remove any impurities that may have gathered when wearing just a few tips to ensure the lacquer finish remains intact: please keep your piece away from water, jewelry and silver cleaners, treated polishing cloths, perfumes, hairspray, lotions, hand-sanitizers and make-up. these items can damage the protective lacquer and cause tarnishing to occur. have your brighton your true color treasure be the last item you put on in the morning. it is also best to tuck your cherished item away when not wearing.back to top how long will it take to receive my your true color jewelry? because we will be hand assembling your beautiful jewelry with the utmost care, please allow up to additional seven (7) days processing time. back to top general questions where can i purchase brighton accessories?brighton merchandise can be purchased at any authorized retailer or brighton collectibles stores. you can find your local authorized retailer by using the store locator function on our site, click here to find the store nearest you.back to top how can i be added to the brighton email list?to register for our email program click here.back to top how can i be removed from the brighton email list?please click here to be removed from our email list.back to top how can i be removed from the brighton mailing list?to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please click here and select "remove me from the mailing list".back to top what if an item is online but sold out or not available, can i still purchase it?of course, you can find items you see online in your local brighton store. on the product page of the item you wish to purchase, we have a wonderful feature called "find in store". enter your zip code and click "go". a list stores in your area that have this item will populate. we suggest calling the store to check to see if the item is still in stock before you visit the store.back to top how can i get assistance if i would like some help? we love to help, just call or email us. we can be reached at (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm pacific time or email, consumercare@brighton.com.back to top i purchased a brighton item in a store, how do i return it? the best way to find out about the return policy on the item you bought is to call the store where you made your purchase. the store will be able to assist you with the information on how to return the item.back to top follow us visit us on facebook visit us on twitter visit us on youtube visit us on instagram visit us on pinterest #brightoncollectibles#brightongivesback store locator subscribe to brighton.com! contact us help & faq's order status easy returns shipping information charm builder gift card balances purchase gift card email preferences mailers videos about us history brighton cares careers privacy policy terms & conditions global citizenship bright ideas events e-greeting cards gift cards customer care (800) 628-7687(800) 628-7687 mon-fri 7am - 5pm pdt brighton retailers © brighton collectibles, llc. all rights reserved. thestory find a shop bee in touch privacy policy terms & conditions we're confirming your subscription now... oh, the anticipation!