来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191222094141/https://www.brighton.com/faq?ref=hedDD
================================================================================

faq | brighton collectibles skip to main content my account stores bag more ways to shop what's your why? take the quiz how to build charm jewelry amulets stopper beads woodstock by brighton top collections pretty tough fashionista ferrara barbados heart to heart handbag care handbags faq the brighton promise more ways to shop work from home accessories graduation gifts teacher gifts corporate gifts all gift sets pet lover gifts personalize personalize with photos top collections mingle interlok ferrara meridian halo christo neptune's rings contempo jewelry care jewelry faq the brighton promise more ways to shop work from home accessories what's in your bag brighton your way final few! back in stock more ways to shop work from home accessories sole mates sole mates: comfort edition featured collections journey to india with     maryam nassirbegli journey to india with     catherine hong barbados collection halo collection meridian collection neptune’s rings collection pretty tough collection weekly picks under $50 under $100 under $200 find your spark snapshot sentiments style statement seasonal joy more ways to shop ferrara - the evolution of elegance fashionista - collection history the handbag guide barbados - in the details ferrara - in the details shop the look what's in your bag travel - going places personalize handbags final few! back in stock more ways to shop amulets iconic hearts sparkle meaningful jewelry silver jewelry layered necklaces stones meaning & symbols pearls birthstones badge clips personalize jewelry final few! back in stock summer charm capture your memories by creating your own charm bracelet that tells your summer story. shop now hands free happiness handle your busy summer schedule with a coolcrossbody to carry just what you need, hands-free. shop crossbody handbags gifts to brighton her day the gift shop statement makers pretty when you pull your hair back after the pooland statement making for a zoom call. shop must have earrings limited edition face masks fun prints to keepyou safe and stylish. limited run prints – going fast! shop new face masks summer's "it" sandal show off your pedicure with adorable flip flops. they include a free matching bag. shop flip flops designer & artisan learn more about their hand-in-hand collaboration and see the extraordinary results throughout this lookbook. shop the lookbook get the look shop these timeless head-to-toelooks all in one place.let the accessorizing begin! shop the look gifts by price under $30 under $50 under $100 under $300 luxury gifts gift sets limited edition box sets boxed sets jewelry sets top 50 gifts gift cards guest servicesstore locations & hours gift cards & e-gift cards gift wrapping (free) shipping brighton's love lockets create your customized locket online and we will place the picture inside for you! shop brighton's love lockets brighton's love lockets personalize a locket online with a photo and we will cut and place the picture inside for you! color clique cords with the switch of a colorful cord, you'll have a different bracelet every time! christo jewelry colorful leather inserts change the look of these cuff bracelets and necklaces charm jewelry builder design a unique charm bracelet with beads & charms snappy flap bags with the snap of a flap you can change your handbag to coordinate any look. fobs & scarves decorate your handbag & keys with fun fobs & scarves! home my accountaccount submenu account order status wish list store locator contact home lookbooks are we friends, yet?follow us facebook twitter youtube instagram pinterest subscribe to brighton! search brighton products welcome to brighton close welcome popup enter to win a$250 gift card step 1: when you sign up for emails and texts from brighton email address continue brighton fashion week was fun! shop by event! new arrivalsview all new arrivalsnew jewelrynew charmsnew handbagsnew accessories jewelryview all jewelrynew arrivalsnecklacesearringsbraceletsgift setswatchesringsbox setsbrighton’s love locketsankletshair accessoriesjewelry accessorieschristo cuff strapschristo necklace disccolor clique cordscolor clique ornaments jewelry caretop jewelry collectionsferrara collectionneptune's rings collectiontrust your journey collectionhalo collectionmeridian collectioninfinity sparkle collectionalcazar collectiontoledo collectionmarrakesh collectioninterlok collection charmsview all charmsnew arrivalscharmsbeadsspacersamuletsholderscharm braceletscharm necklacesready-to-wearamulet setsmini'scharm builder handbagsview all handbagsnew arrivalsorganizersphone organizerscrossbodiestotesshoulderbagshobossatchelsgift setsbackpackssmall bagsstrawwalletsview all walletsnew arrivalscoin purses & poucheslarge walletsmedium walletssmall wallets accessoriesbag charms & fobsbag strapssmall collectiblessnap flapsnap flap handbagssnap flap insert handbag care accessoriesview all accessoriesnew arrivalsbeltscasualchainstretch eyewearholdersreaderssunglasses key fobsphone organizersmen'sbeltswallets & more small collectiblestravelwalletsview all walletsnew arrivalscoin purses & poucheslarge walletsmedium walletssmall wallets gift sets footwearview all footwearnew arrivalsboots & mule bootsflatsflip flopsheelssandalswedgessneakers giftsnew arrivalsview all home accessoriesclocksdesktopfragrancesframesgift cardsilluminationstablewarevanity fair face masksvideos home faqs faqs click to find questions and answers about each topic below: ordering and shipping how do i place an order? placing an order is easy. just click on the product category you wish to browse, select an item, add it to your cart and checkout. or, if you know the name or style number of the product you would like to order online, type it into the search box in the upper right hand corner of the screen. you can always call us and we can assist you over the phone. we can be reached at (800) 628-7687 monday to friday 7am to 5pm pacific time. what is the status of my order? once your order has shipped, you will receive a shipment notification email along with a tracking number. the tracking number will let you see the progress of your order and estimated time of arrival. please note that it may take 24 hours from the time your order is scanned by the carrier till you have updated information. you can also track your order anytime from our website; all you need is your order number and email address. how do i cancel/change my order? we try our best to ship orders as quickly as we receive them. generally, orders cannot be cancelled once they are received. don't worry though, you do have the option of returning your order once it has arrived at your door. if you would like to cancel, please call us at (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm (pst) or email us at consumercare@brighton.com and we will do our best to help. what payment methods do you accept? we accept gift cards and all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, discover) or you can pay with your paypal account. how do i know my credit card/personal information is protected?we understand the importance of your personal information remaining secure. we have taken several levels of precautions and have security measures in place to protect your information. how long do i wait before i receive my order? for standard shipping you should receive your order in 5-10 business days. for expedited shipping your order arrives within 2-3 business days. for next-day shipping your order arrives within 1-2 business days. where do you ship?we ship anywhere within the united states and puerto rico. currently we do not ship internationally or to po boxes, apo/fpo. what are the charges for shipping? we offer 3 methods of shipping - standard, expedited and next day. for standard shipping you should receive your order in 5-7business days. expedited shipping arrives within 2-3 business days and next day within 1-2 business days. shipping method shipping cost delivery within... standard delivery $5.00 5-7 business days expedited shipping $10.00 2-3 business days next-day shipping $15.00 1-2 business days do you have expedited shipping options? yes we do! it is $10 additional for our expedited shipping service. this option takes 2-3 business days. we also offer next-day shipping. this option takes 1-2 business days. do you offer gift wrapping? let us wrap it—our treat! we’re happy to offer complimentary gift-wrap, including brighton tissue paper and gift box, topped with a decadent bow. all products can be individually gift wrapped, with the exception of mfil handbags, charm holders and charms. simply choose ‘gift wrap’ at checkout, and let us make your lovely gesture into a ‘ta-da’ moment! please note: during these uncertain times, this option may not be available at checkout. watch: how your items are wrapped returns if i would like to return my order, how do i do that? within 60 days, you may return your unworn, unused merchandise by mailing it back to us free via ups or by visiting a brighton store. print your return label what is your return policy? for brighton purchases made at a specialty retailer, heart store, or brighton collectibles store please check the store's policy for return information. often, you can find this information printed on the receipt or by contacting the store directly. for online orders, we accept returns within 60 days of shipment date. all items must be returned in original condition, unworn and unused, with tags intact and packaging materials included. we will refund you in the method paid. click here return instructions for online orders. i don’t have a printer—what do i do?no worries, just mail the item back to us using the shipping method of your choice. the address to mail your items back is below. we recommend sending your order back via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or delivery confirmation at the post office. items can get lost in the mail and this way you will know it has reached us. please include your packing slip with mailing. mail your return to: brighton collectibles attn: online returns 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 how long does it take to refund my money after i return it?we will process your return as quickly as we can and will refund you in the same method you paid. we will fully process your return within 2 weeks of receiving; it may take longer for the refund to post to your account depending on your bank. what is the address i mail my online order return to? you may print a postage-paid address label here, or mail your online order back to us: brighton collectibles attn: brighton returns 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please read our return information to ensure you include all that we ask when returning items. handbags what is the guarantee on a registered brighton handbag?upon registering your handbag, we will warranty your purchase against workmanship and structure defects for two full years from the date of your purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. the brighton promise what is a registered handbag? how can i tell?brighton registered handbags each have a unique number (called a registration number) located on a leather patch stitched on the inside of the handbag. registered handbags come with the brighton promise that warranties the handbag for 2 years from purchase date against workmanship and structure defects. how do i register my brighton handbag?if you have purchased a brighton handbag that is eligible for registration, it will include a registration number on the leather patch stitched inside. while you are at the store, the store partner will register your bag to you, or you may mail in the registration postcard inserted in your bag at a later time. registering your handbag activates your warranty, so you’ll want to ensure you take this important step. how do i clean my handbag?leather: please remember, leather is a natural product. colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops), apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth. micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability. cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris. silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). please note that many types of stains and marks are untreatable. this includes, but is not limited to, stains caused by: ink, cosmetics, food stains, oils, body / hand moisturizers, hand sanitizing cleansers or perfumes. can i send in my registered bag for cleaning?we do provide cleaning and conditioning of registered handbags (please note we do not clean straw or fabric bags). if you need to have your bag cleaned and conditioned, please call the handbag department at (800) 235-8748 ext. 1402 for assistance. please have your handbag registration number available when you call in (registration number is stamped on a square leather patch located inside the handbag). you will need to take care of the cost of sending your handbag in and we will pay to ship it back to you. how do i get my registered bag repaired? to schedule a repair for your brighton handbag please call (800) 235-8748 ext 1402. in order for us to give you better service, we ask that you please have your registration number ready. this number is located on a leather patch inside the back wall of your handbag.if the repair falls within the 2 year warranty from the date of purchase and is considered a manufacturing defect, we will send you a prepaid ups label and process the repair free of charge.if the repair falls outside the 2 year warranty or is not considered a manufacturing defect, we will inspect the handbag and call you with repair charges. jewelry and watches how do i care for my brighton jewelry?what is great about brighton jewelry is the protective lacquer finish that can keep tarnishing at bay. all you need to do is wipe down your piece with a dry, 100% cotton cloth to remove any impurities that may have gathered when wearing. just a few tips to ensure the lacquer finish remains intact. please keep your piece away from water, jewelry cleaners, silver cleaners, treated polishing cloths, perfumes, hairspray, lotions, hand-sanitizers and make-up. any of these items can damage the protective lacquer and cause tarnishing to occur. have your brighton piece be the last item you put on in the morning. it is also best to tuck your cherished item away when not wearing. what materials are used to make brighton jewelry?brighton jewelry is created through a multi-step process that begins with a designer's hand sketch. each piece is cast in solid brass or zinc alloy and is plated in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this natural process. brighton earring posts, french wires, and lever backs are composed of sterling silver (925). clip on earrings are not sterling silver, they are stamped brass with a plating finish.brighton does manufacture certain ring styles with sterling silver. these rings will have the stamp of 925 on the inside. do brighton jewelry/watches have a warranty? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged, due to a manufacturer's defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only with the original product owner and does not apply to normal wear and tear. our watches are warranted to the original owner for a period of five years from the date of purchase against defective materials or workmanship pertaining to the mechanism. the watch battery, band, casing, and crystal are warranted for a period of one year from date of purchase against defects that might occur during the manufacturing process. any damage caused by normal wear and tear or water damage to any portion of the timepiece is not covered under warranty. the brighton promise how do i send in my brighton jewelry/watch for warranty service?we are sorry to hear you are experiencing trouble with your brighton piece. since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturer's defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items that are beyond the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton collectibles attn: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, stating how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. do you have replacement parts for my brighton watch?great news: we do have several replacement parts available for many brighton timepiece styles. ordering is easy; you can purchase directly from us! the following are available for watch styles we are currently manufacturing: replacement leather bands - $13.00 (shipping and handling included) crystals - $12 (shipping and handling) batteries - $3 (shipping and handling). our batteries are standard size and may be purchased through a reputable watch or jewelry store. to place an order for replacement parts we do recommend first contacting consumer affairs for item availability, (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm pacific time. have the style name of your watch ready when calling. the style name can be found on the underside of the face below the word brighton and above the heart. for phone orders: please call consumer affairs at (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm pacific time. we accept visa and mastercard for mail orders: simply write a letter with your full name, shipping address, phone number, watch style, and parts requested to the address below. also, if you would like us to send your watch to us we can replace the parts for you and you can send the repaired watch back to you. brighton collectibles attn: watch part order 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please also include a check payable to brighton collectibles for the total amount due. can brighton alter the style of the piece i purchased?our designers create each and every piece of jewelry with every element in harmony. due to the intensive process of creating a piece of brighton jewelry we are unable to alter the original style. if my jewelry piece looks tarnished or is turning dark, what do i do?just remember this easy tip for keeping your brighton jewelry clean. all you need is a dry, 100% cotton cloth and a little elbow grease. wiping your item down with the cloth should remove any impurities or darkening that can occur from wearing the item. also, this is important: treating your jewelry with silver cleaners, water, or polishing cloths can remove the protective lacquer and cause the item to tarnish. what state souvenir bracelets are available and how do i purchase one?our designers have created unique charm bracelets that remind you of the wonderful trip you took and the sights you visited. these state souvenir bracelets are available in the state they represent at local authorized retailers. please call the store for availability.don't leave these treasured mementos behind...once you leave the state, you'll have to go back to buy a bracelet! arizonathe great southwest comes alive with all its desert charms: a beautiful turquoise, cactus and sun, howling coyote and even a diamondback rattlesnake! the state charm depicts the colorful state flag. californiaeverything to love about california, north to south - wine for the napa valley, trolley car (with spin-able wheels) and golden gate bridge for san francisco, gold nugget from the gold rush country and its own hollywood star. the state charm's brightened by poppies! coloradowearing this bracelet is a peak experience! a sculpted charm depicts the famed rocky mountains and there are other height-inspired icons: a skier, bighorn sheep (state animal) hiking backpack, pine cone, star for the mile-high city of denver and a charm bearing the colorado flag. floridathis bracelet has a sunny disposition - its silvery sun is even etched with the words "the sunshine state." ranges give the state charm a juicy splash of color... there's a strolling pink flamingo, of course, and even a 'gator and space shuttle charm! georgia georgia, in a nutshell - including a peanut charm, peach, southern belle that's really a bell, nickel soda and a musical note inscribed with "georgia on my mind." the state charm's magnolia looks so fresh you can almost smell the perfume! hawaiicapture the "aloha state of mind! charms depict a hula girl with swishy chain skirt, hawaiian shirt, silver pineapple, surfboard, heart-shape lei and mermaid with a black pearl. the state charm is a framed "map of the islands." illinoisthe land of lincoln's bracelet links nostalgia, heritage and humor: a bust of lincoln (of course!), l train with moving wheels, chicago pizza slice (with heart-shaped pepperonis!), ferris wheel (for navy pier & riverview), wrigley field signpost and a hot dog with a heart! nevadawhat happens in vegas doesn't always have to stay in vegas! more than a bracelet, it's entertainment, with dice, cards, a slot machine, and a spinning roulette wheel inscribed with "viva las vegas." the state charm is silver - befitting "the silver state." new yorkfrom manhattan to staten island, take the big apple everywhere! there's a big apple red enameled charm, "born to shop" bag, state charm with rose and a myriad of mini milestones - empire state building. statue of liberty, broadway sign and yellow taxi! texasit's "texas" to a t (including texas tea) with an oilrig, armadillo, lone star and yellow rose of texas, inscribed with those words. a collectible with charms as wide-ranging and bold as the state itself! the state flag hangs proudly on the state charm. washington, d.c.this one lets you capitol-ize on beautiful images from our nation's capitol: cherry blossoms, heart with flag motifs, mini constitution, capitol building, white house and eagle. it's a true piece of americana! gift cards and egift cards brighton gift-cards and egift cards are subject to terms and conditions established at time of purchase. where can i purchase?both egift cards and gift cards can be purchased on brighton.com. gift cards are also available at brighton collectibles stores. where can i redeem?brighton gift cards can be redeemed for merchandise at brighton collectibles stores, on brighton.com or through our network of specialty retailers that accept brighton gift cards; egift cards are redeemable on brighton.com and at brighton collectibles stores. can i get a refund or return my brighton gift card or egift card?sorry, gift cards and egift cards can’t be exchanged for cash or applied to credit accounts. how can i check my balance?for balance information visit brighton.com/giftcards, or call the gift card hotline at: 888-558-0427. what can i do if my card is lost or stolen?we are happy to help you if your card is lost or stolen or if you need us to resend your egift card to your gift recipient. please call us at 800.628.7687 monday-friday 7 am-5 pm pst with your receipt and we will be delighted to assist. charms what materials are used to make your charms?brighton charms are created through a multi-step process that begins with a designer's hand sketch. each piece is cast in solid brass or zinc alloy and is lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this natural process. brighton earring posts, french wires, and lever backs are composed of sterling silver (925). clip on earrings are not sterling silver, they are stamped brass with a plating finish. where may i register my charm starter bracelet? you may register your charm starter bracelet either at the retail store where it was purchased or online. small accessories do brighton small accessories have a guarantee?we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged, due to a manufactures' defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only with the original product owner. it does not apply to normal wear and tear. how can i clean my small accessory?leather: because leather is a natural product, colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops). apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth. micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability. cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris. silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then plated with pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence. cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions). how do i send in my small accessory for warranty service? we are sorry to hear you are experiencing trouble with your brighton piece. since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items that are beyond the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton collectibles attn: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. where can i purchase refills for my agenda? brighton agendas are a standard size and can be purchased at any stationery store. they can also be ordered online at www.calendarrefills.com are refills available for my brighton desk pen?your pen can be filled by using a standard bic pen, number bicgsf11bk. this style of pen can be found at any office supply store. to remove and replace the ink from each pen gently twist and pull the colored collar or the tan/gold piece with the ball point from the plastic body or brighton pen body then gently twisting and pushing back into your brighton pen body. time setting the time setting crown is located behind the bezel at the 3 o'clock position. to set time pull out crown and turn it until the hands show the current time. when the time is set, push the crown back into the normal position. (see fig.1) battery replacement when the clock loses time or the battery stops, it is time for replacement. the battery is accessible from the back of the clock. insert a screwdriver into the case notch (see fig.2) and pry open the back cover. the battery is retained in position by a tiny metal lever. move the lever sideways to remove battery. (see fig.3) replace with button cell battery, positive pole (+) facing outward making sure that it is retained securely in position by the metal lever. replace cover. battery type: sr626sw . eyewear does brighton eyewear have a warranty?we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged due to a manufacturer’s defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this warranty is valid only for the original, unaltered product, the original owner, and does not apply to normal wear and tear. please note that while we are not able to repair eyewear that has been fitted with prescription lenses, we are happy to send you the parts you need—free for the first year—so you may have your glasses repaired by your local optician. how do i care for my brighton eyewear? to clean the lenses use an optical microfiber cloth to remove any build-up. to keep your glasses in the best condition possible store them away in a protective case when you are not wearing them. during those hot summer months, please do not to store your glasses in the car. if you have had your glasses fitted with prescription lenses, please refer to any additional instructions provided by your optician. how do i send in my brighton eyewear for warranty service? since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. please note that while we are not able to repair eyewear that has been fitted with prescription lenses, we are happy to send you the parts you need so you may have your glasses repaired by your local optician. for those cherished items that are beyond the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges. if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below. brighton collectibles attn: brighton repairs 14022 nelson ave city of industry, ca 91746 please, include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. do you have replacement parts available for my brighton eyewear? brighton offers more than 50 styles of sunglasses from which to choose. since 17 different steps are taken in the development and production of our brighton sunglasses we realize that quick fixes may be needed. should you happen to need an item to repair your sunglasses please feel free to call consumer affairs at (800) 628-7687. please note that while we are not able to repair eyewear that has been fitted with prescription lenses, we are happy to send you the parts you need so you may have your glasses repaired by your local optician. lenses - $12.00 pair temples - $16.00 pair nose pieces - complimentary ornaments - complimentary screws - complimentary *quick fix items should be requested as needed. currently there are no charges for selected items, although brighton accessories reserves the right in the future to charge a minimal fee. if a style is out of line (discontinued), there is a possibility that the quick fix item may not be available. are brighton sunglasses and readers optical ready?yes they are! all of our sunglasses are optical ready, but depending on your prescription, your optician may not be able to use our frames. all necessary information your doctor will need to determine if the sunglass style will work for you is located on the bridge area. please note that while we are not able to repair eyewear that has been fitted with prescription lenses, we are happy to send you the parts you need so you may have your glasses repaired by your local optician. footwear what sizes do you carry?our sizes vary depending on the shoes themselves. please see shoes for size availability. where can i purchase brighton footwear? you may purchase footwear online at brighton.com or through your local brighton retailer. use our store locator to find a retailer near you. can i send my shoes in for cleaning and/or repair? we can make small repairs in our footwear department such as zippers, ornaments, and heel caps. unfortunately, we do not have the capabilities to repair the leather or to refurbish shoes. if you need to see if a shoe is repairable, please call the footwear department at (866) 961-9381 x1900. does brighton footwear have a warranty? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee our handcrafted leather footwear against workmanship and/or structure defects for one full year from date of purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. the brighton promise and all guarantees are extended to the original owner only; transfer of this guarantee is prohibited. upon exchange of ownership, the brighton promise and any guarantees are invalid where are brighton shoes manufactured?the majority of brighton footwear is manufactured in italy or brazil. a few of our specialty items, such as flip-flops, sneakers and espadrilles, are produced in china and india. what widths are available?our narrow sizes are equivalent to an aa width. our medium is equivalent to a b width. our wide widths are equivalent to a c width. your true color can my customized brighton your true color product be returned?your true color is your creation and uniquely designed for you, by you. we are not able to accept returns. what is the warranty on your true color? as with all brighton jewelry, there is a 1 year warranty against damage due to manufacturer's defects. if your item falls within the warranty period, it will be replaced or repaired at no cost to you. how long does it take for my customized your true color to be created? in just two weeks, you will be wearing your stunning your true color treasure. what types of crystals and stones are used? brighton uses swarovski crystals and natural semi- precious stones. with natural stones, there may be minor differences in color due to nature's influence. how do i care for my brighton jewelry? what is great about brighton jewelry is the protective lacquer finish that can keep tarnishing at bay. all you need to do is wipe down your piece with a dry, 100% cotton cloth to remove any impurities that may have gathered when wearing just a few tips to ensure the lacquer finish remains intact: please keep your piece away from water, jewelry and silver cleaners, treated polishing cloths, perfumes, hairspray, lotions, hand-sanitizers and make-up. these items can damage the protective lacquer and cause tarnishing to occur. have your brighton your true color treasure be the last item you put on in the morning. it is also best to tuck your cherished item away when not wearing. how long will it take to receive my your true color jewelry? because we will be hand assembling your beautiful jewelry with the utmost care, please allow up to additional seven (7) days processing time. brighton your way - snap happy photo bags may i submit images of artwork or photography owned by someone else?no, you may not. the images you submit must be owned by you. this service is protected by u.s. and international copyright laws and by other applicable laws. you may not submit any content owned by someone else, such as a professional photographer or artist, without the written consent of the owner of such content. you are solely responsible for any copyright violations that you may incur as a result of your activities on this service. what file formats are acceptable?all types of image files are acceptable including, but not limited to: jpegs, tiffs, and pngs. does my photo need to be in color?no, we can process black and white as well as color photos. what is resolution?resolution is the number of pixels in an image, often referred to by the dimensions (width and height) of the image. for best results, we recommend a resolution of 1500x900 pixels or more. resolutions less than this will be blurry. where do i find the resolution of an image?on a pc, right click on the image and click properties. under image, you’ll see the dimensions at the top. on an apple computer, right click on the image and click get info; you’ll see the dimensions at the top. may i use an image from my smartphone or tablet?provided your smartphone or tablet is relatively new, it should be fine. will you retouch my photo?no, the quality of the photo you submit is the same quality that will be produced on the handbag. may i use a scanned image?yes, as long as it is a resolution of 1500x900. you may want to take your photo to a print shop to have it scanned to the desired resolution. how long will it take for me to receive my bag?it takes approximately three weeks to process, plus shipping. general questions where can i purchase brighton accessories? brighton merchandise can be purchased at any authorized retailer or brighton collectibles stores. you can find your local authorized retailer by using the store locator function on our site, to find the store nearest you. how can i be added to the brighton email list? register for our email program. how can i be removed from the brighton email list? you may be removed from our email list on the preferences page. how can i be removed from the brighton mailing list? to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please select "remove me from the mailing list". what if an item is online but sold out or not available, can i still purchase it? of course, you can find items you see online in your local brighton store. on the product page of the item you wish to purchase, we have a wonderful feature called "find in store". enter your zip code and click "go". a list stores in your area that have this item will populate. we suggest calling the store to check to see if the item is still in stock before you visit the store. how can i get assistance if i would like some help? we love to help, just call or email us. we can be reached at (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm pacific time or email, consumercare@brighton.com. i purchased a brighton item in a store, how do i return it? the best way to find out about the return policy on the item you bought is to call the store where you made your purchase. the store will be able to assist you with the information on how to return the item. how may i be removed from the brighton text messaging list? you may be removed from our text message list by clicking here and submitting your name and phone number. visit us on facebook visit us on twitter visit us on youtube visit us on instagram visit us on pinterest #mybrightonstyle store locator subscribe to brighton.com! about us customer care orders / returns gift cards brighton insider / loyalty program site map faq privacy insider events trending lookbooks shop the looks videos careers customer care (800) 628-7687(800) 628-7687 mon-fri 7am - 5pm pdtwebsite accessibility brighton retailers © brighton collectibles, llc. all rights reserved.