来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221228211911/https://www.brighton.com/pages/faqs
================================================================================

faqs – brighton skip to content free necklace with $125+ purchase detailsfree shipping on $75+ orders buy now, pay later – with klarna! easy returns & exchanges find a storeaccount wishlist jewelry back jewelry categories shop all jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets rings watches anklets photo lockets badge & id clips hair accessories cleaners & care featured jewelry new best sellers gift & box sets final few back in stock bold gold handbags back handbags categories shop all handbags crossbodies organizers totes shoulder bags hobos satchels backpacks small bags straw wallets & card cases luggage & travel cleaners & care featured handbags new best sellers gift sets final few get organized charms back charms categories shop all charms charms beads & spacers charm bracelets charm necklaces & holders ready-to-wear charm sets featured charms new best sellers shop by theme shop all themes celebrations love family & faith travel & hobbies animals & nature travel & hobbies accessories back accessories categories shop all accessories women's belts sunglasses & more key fobs compacts & pill boxes wallets & card cases handbag accessories men's belts & wallets featured accessories new best sellers compacts & pill boxes footwear back footwear categories shop all footwear sneakers sandals flats boots & mule boots heels wedges flip flops featured footwear new best sellers complete your lookhead to heels new arrivals back shop by category shop all new arrivals new jewelry new handbags new charms new accessories shop by price shop all shop by price $50 & under $100 & under $250 & under better in blue gifts back gift categories shop all gifts clocks desk & office fragrances frames tableware jewelry holders featured gifts shop all featured gifts digital gift card best sellers gift sets personalizable gifts shop by price shop all shop by price $30 & under $50 & under $100 & under $250 & under gifts for all occasions shop by collection back featured collections explore all ferrara by carmen radulescu interlok by maricela palacios contempo by lisa spayd-sendre meridian by kim cruser-scott brighton insider program enjoy the many perks of being a brighton insider! join now find a store account 0 0 item wishlist cart jewelry jewelry categories shop all jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets rings watches anklets jewelry categories photo lockets badge & id clips hair accessories cleaners & care featured jewelry new best sellers gift & box sets final few back in stock bold gold handbags handbags categories shop all handbags crossbodies organizers totes shoulder bags hobos satchels handbags categories backpacks small bags straw wallets & card cases luggage & travel cleaners & care featured handbags new best sellers gift sets final few get organized charms charms categories shop all charms charms beads & spacers charm bracelets charm necklaces & holders ready-to-wear charm sets featured charms new best sellers shop by theme shop all themes celebrations love family & faith travel & hobbies animals & nature travel & hobbies accessories accessories categories shop all accessories women's belts sunglasses & more key fobs compacts & pill boxes wallets & card cases handbag accessories accessories categories men's belts & wallets featured accessories new best sellers compacts & pill boxes footwear footwear categories shop all footwear sneakers sandals flats boots & mule boots heels wedges footwear categories flip flops featured footwear new best sellers complete your lookhead to heels new arrivals shop by category shop all new arrivals new jewelry new handbags new charms new accessories shop by price $50 & under $100 & under $250 & under better in blue gifts gift categories shop all gifts clocks desk & office fragrances frames tableware jewelry holders featured gifts digital gift card best sellers gift sets personalizable gifts shop by price $30 & under $50 & under $100 & under $250 & under gifts for all occasions shop by collection featured collections explore all ferrara by carmen radulescu interlok by maricela palacios contempo by lisa spayd-sendre meridian by kim cruser-scott item added to your cart check out continue shopping customer care frequently asked questions contact us frequently asked questions shipping information returns gift card customer care options contact us frequently asked questions shipping information returns gift card quick links ordering & shipping returns product information ordering & shipping how do i place an order? placing an order is easy. just click on the product category you wish to browse, select an item, add it to your cart and click the checkout button. or, if you know the name or style number of the product you would like to order online, type it into the search box in the upper right hand corner of the screen. you can always call us and we can assist you. we can be reached at (800) 628-7687 monday to friday 7am to 5pm pacific time or email us at customercare@brighton.com. what is the status of my order? you can log into your account at anytime to see the progress and status of your order. just click on the account icon and enter your email and password. didn't create an account? not to worry. you can create your account after the fact and still see your past order history and status. once your order has shipped, you will receive a shipment notification email along with a tracking number. the tracking number will let you see the progress of your order and estimated time of arrival. please note that it may take 24 hours from the time your order is scanned by the carrier till you have updated information. you can also track the shipping status of your order anytime using aftership. all you need is your order number and email address or your tracking number. how do i cancel/change my order? we try our best to ship orders as quickly as we receive them. generally, orders cannot be cancelled once they are received. don't worry though, you do have the option of returning your order once it has arrived at your door. if you would like to cancel, please call us at (800) 628-7687 monday through friday 7am to 5pm (pst) or email us at consumercare@brighton.com and we will do our best to help. what payment methods do you accept and do you protect our information? we accept brighton gift cards and all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, discover). we also accept applepay, googlepay, paypal, and shoppay.we are excited to offer klarna for deferred payments. for more information on klarna, please review the klarna terms & conditions. how do i know my credit card/personal information is protected? we understand the importance of your personal information remaining secure. we do not store credit card information on brighton.com. we have taken several levels of precautions and have security measures in place to protect your information. how long do i wait before i receive my order? we try to ship every order as quickly as possible. we ship orders monday-friday. during holiday season, it may take up to 48hrs for your order to be packed and shipped. once shipped, your order will arrive in the timeframe of the selected shipping method. how does shipping work with brighton? we ship anywhere within the united states and puerto rico. currently we do not ship internationally or to po boxes, apo/fpo.we offer 3 methods of shipping - standard, expedited and next day. for standard shipping you should receive your order in 5-7 business days. expedited shipping arrives within 2-3 business days and next day within 1-2 business days.standard delivery: $5.00, 5-7 business daysexpedited shipping: $15.00, 2-3 business daysnext-day shipping: $20.00, 1-2 business days do you offer gift wrapping? let us wrap it—our treat! we’re happy to offer complimentary gift-wrap, including brighton tissue paper and gift box, topped with a decadent bow. all orders will be wrapped together. we do not offer individual product gift wrap. most brighton products are eligible for gift wrap with the exception of a few items such as luggage. simply choose ‘gift wrap’ at checkout, and let us make your lovely gesture into a ‘ta-da’ moment! returns & exchanges what is your return policy? for brighton purchases made at a specialty retailer, heart store, or brighton collectibles store please check the store's policy for return information. often, you can find this information printed on the receipt or by contacting the store directly.for online orders, we accept returns within 60 days of shipment date. all items must be returned in original condition, unworn and unused, with tags intact and packaging materials included.click here return instructions for online orders. if i would like to return my order, how do i do that? within 60 days, you may return your unworn, unused merchandise by mailing it back to us or by visiting a brighton store.you can initiate your online order return by clicking the link below. you will need your order number and email or zip code. in-store purchases cannot be returned via mail at this time.initiate your online return nowplease note that online orders purchased with klarna, shoppay, applepay, or googlepay will be refunded to a brighton store credit if you return in a brighton store location. how long does it take to refund my money after i return it? we will process your return as quickly as we can. we will fully process your return within 2 weeks of receiving; it may take longer for the refund to post to your account depending on your bank. product information handbags what is the guarantee on a registered brighton handbag? upon registering your handbag, we will warranty your purchase against workmanship and structure defects for two full years from the date of your purchase. brighton reserves the right to exclude any damage caused by negligence and/or normal wear and tear. what is a registered handbag? how can i tell? brighton registered handbags each have a unique number (called a registration number) located on a leather patch stitched on the inside of the handbag. registered handbags come with the brighton promise that warranties the handbag for 2 years from purchase date against workmanship and structure defects. how do i register my brighton handbag? if you have purchased a brighton handbag that is eligible for registration, it will include a registration number on the leather patch stitched inside. while you are at the store, the store partner will register your bag to you, or you may mail in the registration postcard inserted in your bag at a later time. registering your handbag activates your warranty, so you’ll want to ensure you take this important step. can i send in my registered bag for cleaning? we do provide cleaning and conditioning of registered handbags (please note we do not clean straw or fabric bags). if you need to have your bag cleaned and conditioned, please call the handbag department at (800) 235-8748 ext. 1402 for assistance. please have your handbag registration number available when you call in (registration number is stamped on a square leather patch located inside the handbag). you will need to take care of the cost of sending your handbag in and we will pay to ship it back to you. how do i get my registered bag repaired? to schedule a repair for your brighton handbag please call (800) 235-8748 ext 1402. in order for us to give you better service, we ask that you please have your registration number ready. this number is located on a leather patch inside the back wall of your handbag.if the repair falls within the 2 year warranty from the date of purchase and is considered a manufacturing defect, we will send you a prepaid ups label and process the repair free of charge.if the repair falls outside the 2 year warranty or is not considered a manufacturing defect, we will inspect the handbag and call you with repair charges. how do i clean my handbag? leather: please remember, leather is a natural product. colors and textures may change with use. like your own delicate skin, your leather accessory will benefit from regular cleaning and conditioning. cleaning suggestions: brighton leather cleaner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather cleaner (found at local leather/shoe repair shops) or mild soap (such as ivory) with warm water to wipe away dust and debris. conditioning suggestions: brighton leather conditioner is available at many brighton retailers. you may use a leather lotion (found at any local leather/shoe repair shops), apply liberally with a soft cloth, let dry and gently buff with a clean soft cloth.micro-fiber: this exclusive high performance fabric is waterproof and treated for durability.cleaning suggestions: a warm damp cloth is all that is needed to keep it free from debris.silver hardware: silver ornaments are cast in solid brass or zinc, then lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this typical occurrence.cleaning suggestions: to clean your silver ornaments, simply buff with a clean soft cloth. never use any silver cleaners, jewelry cleaners, or chemicals (this includes jewelry cloths treated with chemical solutions).please note that many types of stains and marks are untreatable. this includes, but is not limited to, stains caused by: ink, cosmetics, food stains, oils, body / hand moisturizers, hand sanitizing cleansers or perfumes. jewelry & watches how do i care for my brighton jewelry? what is great about brighton jewelry is the protective lacquer finish that can keep tarnishing at bay. all you need to do is wipe down your piece with a dry, 100% cotton cloth to remove any impurities that may have gathered when wearing.just a few tips to ensure the lacquer finish remains intact. please keep your piece away from water, jewelry cleaners, silver cleaners, treated polishing cloths, perfumes, hairspray, lotions, hand-sanitizers and make-up. any of these items can damage the protective lacquer and cause tarnishing to occur. have your brighton piece be the last item you put on in the morning. it is also best to tuck your cherished item away when not wearing. what materials are used to make brighton jewelry? brighton jewelry is created through a multi-step process that begins with a designer's hand sketch. each piece is cast in solid brass or zinc alloy and is plated in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this natural process.brighton earring posts, french wires, and lever backs are composed of sterling silver (925). clip on earrings are not sterling silver, they are stamped brass with a plating finish.brighton does manufacture certain ring styles with sterling silver. these rings will have the stamp of 925 on the inside. can brighton alter the style of the piece i purchased? our designers create each and every piece of jewelry with every element in harmony. due to the intensive process of creating a piece of brighton jewelry we are unable to alter the original style. if my jewelry piece looks tarnished or is turning dark, what do i do? just remember this easy tip for keeping your brighton jewelry clean. all you need is a dry, 100% cotton cloth and a little elbow grease. wiping your item down with the cloth should remove any impurities or darkening that can occur from wearing the item. also, this is important: treating your jewelry with silver cleaners, water, or polishing cloths can remove the protective lacquer and cause the item to tarnish. do brighton jewelry/watches have a warranty? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged, due to a manufacturer's defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item. this guarantee is valid only with the original product owner and does not apply to normal wear and tear.our watches are warranted to the original owner for a period of five years from the date of purchase against defective materials or workmanship pertaining to the mechanism. the watch battery, band, casing, and crystal are warranted for a period of one year from date of purchase against defects that might occur during the manufacturing process. any damage caused by normal wear and tear or water damage to any portion of the timepiece is not covered under warranty. how do i send in my brighton jewelry/watch for warranty service? we are sorry to hear you are experiencing trouble with your brighton piece. since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturer's defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. for those cherished items that are beyond the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges.if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below.brighton collectiblesattn: brighton repairs14022 nelson avecity of industry, ca 91746please include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, stating how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. do you have replacement parts for my brighton watch? great news: we do have several replacement parts available for many brighton timepiece styles. ordering is easy; you can purchase directly from us!the following are available for watch styles we are currently manufacturing, plus $7.00 for shipping and handling:leather bands- $13.00crystals- $12batteries- $3our batteries are standard size and may be purchased through a reputable watch or jewelry store.to place an order for replacement parts we do recommend first contacting consumer affairs for item availability, (800) 628-7687 or email at customercare@brighton.com monday-friday 7am-5pm pacific time. have the style name of your watch ready when calling. the style name can be found on the underside of the face below the word brighton and above the heart. what state souvenir bracelets are available and how do i purchase one? our designers have created unique charm bracelets that remind you of the wonderful trip you took and the sights you visited. these state souvenir bracelets are available in the state they represent at local authorized retailers. please call the store for availability.don't leave these treasured mementos behind...once you leave the state, you'll have to go back to buy a bracelet!arizonathe great southwest comes alive with all its desert charms: a beautiful turquoise, cactus and sun, howling coyote and even a diamondback rattlesnake! the state charm depicts the colorful state flag.californiaeverything to love about california, north to south - wine for the napa valley, trolley car (with spin-able wheels) and golden gate bridge for san francisco, gold nugget from the gold rush country and its own hollywood star. the state charm's brightened by poppies!coloradowearing this bracelet is a peak experience! a sculpted charm depicts the famed rocky mountains and there are other height-inspired icons: a skier, bighorn sheep (state animal) hiking backpack, pine cone, star for the mile-high city of denver and a charm bearing the colorado flag.floridathis bracelet has a sunny disposition - its silvery sun is even etched with the words "the sunshine state." ranges give the state charm a juicy splash of color... there's a strolling pink flamingo, of course, and even a 'gator and space shuttle charm!georgiageorgia, in a nutshell - including a peanut charm, peach, southern belle that's really a bell, nickel soda and a musical note inscribed with "georgia on my mind." the state charm's magnolia looks so fresh you can almost smell the perfume!hawaiicapture the "aloha state of mind! charms depict a hula girl with swishy chain skirt, hawaiian shirt, silver pineapple, surfboard, heart-shape lei and mermaid with a black pearl. the state charm is a framed "map of the islands."illinoisthe land of lincoln's bracelet links nostalgia, heritage and humor: a bust of lincoln (of course!), l train with moving wheels, chicago pizza slice (with heart-shaped pepperonis!), ferris wheel (for navy pier & riverview), wrigley field signpost and a hot dog with a heart!nevadawhat happens in vegas doesn't always have to stay in vegas! more than a bracelet, it's entertainment, with dice, cards, a slot machine, and a spinning roulette wheel inscribed with "viva las vegas." the state charm is silver - befitting "the silver state."new yorkfrom manhattan to staten island, take the big apple everywhere! there's a big apple red enameled charm, "born to shop" bag, state charm with rose and a myriad of mini milestones - empire state building. statue of liberty, broadway sign and yellow taxi!texasit's "texas" to a t (including texas tea) with an oilrig, armadillo, lone star and yellow rose of texas, inscribed with those words. a collectible with charms as wide-ranging and bold as the state itself! the state flag hangs proudly on the state charm.washington, d.c.this one lets you capitol-ize on beautiful images from our nation's capitol: cherry blossoms, heart with flag motifs, mini constitution, capitol building, white house and eagle. it's a true piece of americana! charms what materials are used to make your charms? brighton charms are created through a multi-step process that begins with a designer's hand sketch. each piece is cast in solid brass or zinc alloy and is lavishly dipped in pure silver. since silver has a natural tendency to tarnish (oxidize) and scratch, we add a protective layer of lacquer to assist in retarding this natural process.brighton earring posts, french wires, and lever backs are composed of sterling silver (925). clip on earrings are not sterling silver, they are stamped brass with a plating finish. eyewear does brighton eyewear have warranty and how do i care for it? we are so confident in the quality of our merchandise, that we guarantee your satisfaction. if your merchandise is damaged due to a manufacturer’s defect within one year from the date of purchase, we will be happy to repair your item.this warranty is valid only for the original, unaltered product, the original owner, and does not apply to normal wear and tear. please note that while we are not able to repair eyewear that has been fitted with prescription lenses, we are happy to send you the parts you need—free for the first year—so you may have your glasses repaired by your local optician.to clean the lenses use an optical microfiber cloth to remove any build-up. to keep your glasses in the best condition possible store them away in a protective case when you are not wearing them. during those hot summer months, please do not to store your glasses in the car.if you have had your glasses fitted with prescription lenses, please refer to any additional instructions provided by your optician. how do i send in my brighton eyewear for warranty service? since we are so confident in the quality of our products, we provide a one year warranty on brighton accessories against damage due to manufacturers' defects. if your item falls within the warranty it will be repaired or replaced at no charge to you. please note that while we are not able to repair eyewear that has been fitted with prescription lenses, we are happy to send you the parts you need so you may have your glasses repaired by your local optician.for those cherished items that are beyond the warranty period we will repair your item as best as possible and advise you of any minimal charges.if you would like to send your item in for repair, please use durable packaging and mail via a traceable method such as ups, fedex, or the us postal service with delivery confirmation to the address below.brighton collectiblesattn: brighton repairs14022 nelson avecity of industry, ca 91746please, include a letter with your full name, phone number, mailing address, how long you've had the item and describe the problem even if it is obvious. also include a copy of your receipt; if you do not have one available please inform us of the date and place of purchase. if you have any questions please call our toll free number, (800) 628-7687, and we will be more than happy to assist you in any way possible. do you have replacement parts available for my brighton eyewear? brighton offers more than 50 styles of sunglasses from which to choose. since 17 different steps are taken in the development and production of our brighton sunglasses we realize that quick fixes may be needed. should you happen to need an item to repair your sunglasses please feel free to call consumer affairs at (800) 628-7687. please note that while we are not able to repair eyewear that has been fitted with prescription lenses, we are happy to send you the parts you need so you may have your glasses repaired by your local optician.the following are available for watch styles we are currently manufacturing, plus $7.00 for shipping and handling:lenses - $12.00 pairtemples - $16.00 pairnose pieces - complimentaryornaments - complimentaryscrews - complimentary*quick fix items should be requested as needed. currently there are no charges for selected items, although brighton accessories reserves the right in the future to charge a minimal fee.if a style is out of line (discontinued), there is a possibility that the quick fix item may not be available. are brighton sunglasses and readers optical ready? yes they are! all of our sunglasses are optical ready, but depending on your prescription, your optician may not be able to use our frames. all necessary information your doctor will need to determine if the sunglass style will work for you is located on the bridge area. please note that while we are not able to repair eyewear that has been fitted with prescription lenses, we are happy to send you the parts you need so you may have your glasses repaired by your local optician. footwear where can i purchase brighton footwear? you may purchase footwear online at brighton.com or through your local brighton retailer. use our store locator to find a retailer near you. where are brighton shoes manufactured? the majority of brighton footwear is manufactured in italy or brazil. a few of our specialty items, such as flip-flops, sneakers and espadrilles, are produced in china and india. warranty years of warranty for each product. jewelry• regular warranty: 1 year• vip warranty: 2 yearssmall accessories• regular warranty: 1 year• vip warranty: 2 yearseyewear• regular warranty: 1 year• vip warranty: 2 yearshandbags• regular warranty: 2 years• vip warranty: 2 yearsfootwear• regular warranty: none• vip warranty: none connect with us live chatchat with us monday-friday7:00am – 7:00pm pt call toll free(800) 628-7687 monday-friday 7:00am – 5:00pm pt emailconsumercare@brighton.com enjoy the many perks of being a brighton insider! join now experience brighton at a specialty boutique or brighton store near you! find a location join our newsletter stay on top of our product releases, events, promotions, & more! email enter your email address you are already subscribed. sign up for texts for first access to all things brighton! click here to sign up customer service (800) 628-7687 facebook twitter youtube instagram pinterest customer care contact us frequently asked questions shipping information returns gift card customer care contact us frequently asked questions shipping information returns gift card about us our story in-store events brighton insider careers gift card balance checker about us our story in-store events brighton insider careers gift card balance checker join our newsletter stay on top of our product releases, events, promotions, & more! email enter your email address you are already subscribed. sign up for texts for first access to all things brighton! click here to sign up customer service (800) 628-7687 facebook twitter youtube instagram pinterest privacy policy terms & conditions accessibility options © 2023 brighton collectibles, llc. all rights reserved brighton retailers back delete this wishlist? yes no you need a brighton account to share your wishlist! register log in share this wishlist sender name recipient email message send email email sent successfully. share link choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.