来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231212236/http://www.amain.com/shipping/i1
================================================================================

shipping & returns 1-800-705-2215 gift cards newsletter outlet clearance specials scratch & dent inventory reduction shop bydepartment bicycles shop all bicycles accessories clothing complete bikes components electronics eyewear frames & forks helmets & gear lubricants & fluids nutrition & hydration shoes tools trainers transport & storage women's specific radio control shop all radio control popular new arrivals winter savings rc airplanes rc boats rc cars & trucks rc helicopters rc multirotor apparel batteries cameras & accessories electric accessories fuel & accessories glue, oil & cleaners hardware & fasteners magazines, books & videos paint & supplies radios & accessories simulators stickers & decals storage & transportation tools rc airplanes shop all rc airplanes building supplies electric motors & esc's engine parts engines & accessories kits option parts parts propellers & accessories rc boats shop all rc boats building supplies electric motors & esc's engines & accessories kits parts rc cars & trucks shop all rc cars & trucks bodies electric motors & esc's engine accessories engine parts engines kits off road tires & wheels on road tires & wheels option parts parts shock & diff oil rc helicopters shop all rc helicopters electric motors & esc's engine parts engines & accessories flybarless systems fuselages & canopies kits option parts parts rotor blades & paddles rc multirotor shop all rc multirotor kits prop adapters propellers camera gimbals electric motors & esc's gps & autopilot systems parts fpv systems toys & hobbies shop all toys & hobbies model rockets model trains novelty items plastic models puzzles slot cars view all departments all all bicycles radio control toys & hobbies go my account log in create an account my account my orders 0cart my shopping cart total: $0.00 wish list shipping  table of contents (click a link to find more information) general shipping and handling informationshipping intervals and methods$1.99 flat rate shippingsuper saver shippinginternational shippingreturnsshipping and handling (although we may be processing orders, we do not ship on saturday, sunday, or holidays). our web store will compute correct shipping charges for domestic shipping within the united states. you will have several shipping options to choose from through united states postal service (usps) or united parcel service (ups). with usps, we use delivery confirmation with domestic shipping and packages are insured. ups shipments have tracking and are insured. pricing for shipping options will be presented before you finish your checkout. all the items in our store are weighed properly so when you check out, it will compute the correct shipping charges for you and present you with your list of shipping options. if you put some items in your shopping cart and start the checkout process, you can see what the shipping charges will be without actually needing to complete an order. signature waiver: on the shipping page during checkout, you may have the option for signature waiver. if you select signature waiver: the shipping carrier will be directed to deliver your package without a signature being required. this option is not available for international addresses, orders which include hazmat items, and when the payment method is paypal. if you do not select signature waiver: you may be required to sign for your package upon delivery. most orders placed by 2p.m. pst ship same day, however during holidays or unexpected spikes in order volume, it may take us a bit longer to get your order out.  in order to determine how long it may take for your order to be processed, please use the following table as a guide: shipping type selected usually ships within (business days) ups next day, 2 daysame day *ups 3-day1 day usps priority mail / express mail (domestic and international)1 dayups ground1 day usps first class mail, parcel post1 - 2 daysups->post office (ups surepost or ups mail innovations)1 - 2 daysfree super saver shipping1 - 2 daysit is not guaranteed that orders will leave within the time frames listed above. weekends and holidays are not counted as days of shipping. * processing time is dependent on order volume.  an estimated delivery date will be provided during checkout. express delivery services if you need fast service, we can get your order to you quickly. an estimated delivery date is listed for each shipping method during checkout, but please note the following information for ups and usps express services: ups next day air or next day air saver (1 day) and ups 2nd day air (2 day): next day air orders received on friday will be delivered on monday. no deliveries will be made on saturday, sunday or ups observed holidays. please note that a signature may be required before delivery person can release the package. usps express mail (2-4 days): express mail orders shipped on friday will be delivered saturday or monday. no deliveries will be made on sunday or usps observed holidays. please note that a signature may be required before the delivery person can release the package. saturday delivery: if you select the saturday delivery option during checkout, only the shipping methods that provide saturday delivery will be shown on the screen. (usps may, but is not guaranteed to, deliver on saturdays. in order to guarantee a saturday delivery, please be sure to choose the guaranteed saturday delivery options (these are shown as the higher priced options) available with ups. rush my order: you will see this option on the shipping page during checkout. this option allows our customers to pay an nominal handling fee in order to give their order a boost in priority handling so that the order is printed, pulled, and shipped faster than other orders.   this option is free to our vip platinum members.if you need to receive your order by a certain date, and are unsure which shipping option to choose, please contact us and we will be happy to help you decide. $1.99 flat rate shipping!$1.99 flat rate shipping applies to merchandise sitewide with smaller and lighter shipping requirements. all eligible items, including parts, tires, tools, accessories, nutritional items and more, will be clearly marked with the $1.99 flat rate shipping badge.   there are no minimum order values to meet so you can order as often as you want, as many items as you need, for only $1.99.  offer applies to all orders shipped within the continuous 48 states where multiple carriers are available. orders shipped to international addresses, p.o. boxes, and military apo/fpo addresses are eligible to receive discounted super saver shipping (see details below). if you choose our $1.99 flat rate shipping option we will ship your order via the most cost-effective shipping method; usually this will be ground shipping, but we may ship via other options when applicable. orders shipped using our $1.99 flat rate shipping option may take 3 - 7 business days for delivery. offer may be used in conjunction with a other promotions. canceling items, combining orders, or changing your shipping address or shipping method may affect your order's eligibility for $1.99 flat rate shipping. to take advantage of $1.99 flat rate shipping: place merchandise marked with $1.99 flat rate shipping badge in your shopping cart. proceed to checkout.select your $1.99 flat rate shipping option.complete checkout process.enjoy $1.99 flat rate shipping!super saver shipping! super saver shipping has been a long-time commitment to our customers to pass on aggressive shipping prices discounted from the lowest negotiated rates offered by our carriers.  amain.com subsidizes all domestic and international shipping options so our customer's can save no matter where they live and how quickly they need their package.  super saver shipping applies to merchandise sitewide with larger or heavier shipping requirements. this includes kits, fuel, bodies, bicycle frames, trainers or other oversize items. offer applies to all orders shipped within the continuous 48 states where multiple carriers are available. super saver shipping will ship your order via the most cost-effective shipping method; usually this will be ground shipping, but we may ship other options when applicable. orders shipped using our super saver shipping option may take up to 3-7 business days for delivery. canceling items, combining orders, or changing your shipping address or shipping method may affect your order's eligibility for super saver shipping.orders shipped to international addresses, p.o. boxes, and military apo/fpo addresses are eligible to receive discounted super saver shipping which will typically ship using mail innovations international or priority mail international.  rather than paying the full amount, we offer discounted rates with discounts equal to those provided to our u.s. customers based on what a u.s. customer would normally pay to ship the same package via ground shipping. interruption of service ups shall not be liable for any interruption of delivery service due to a cause beyond its control, including but not limited to, the absence of a person or the refusal of such person of accepting the delivery of the shipment, demure due to the consignee, force majure, action of the public authorities con real or apparent authority over the facilities, action or omissions of the public customs authorities or the like, riots, strikes, or other labor disputes, public disturbances, factors that disrupts the air and ground transportation systems such as weather conditions and natural disasters, and an act of god. to learn more about ups's terms and conditions, please click here. additional fees and regulations government regulations require that we ship hazardous materials within the continuous united states (excluding alaska, hawaii and puerto rico). shipments must be sent via ground shipping. fuel is also available for store pick-up. additional fees may apply to hazardous materials. international shipping we are pleased to accept orders from outside of the united states. we support payment via visa, mastercard, discover, american express, and paypal payment methods for international customers. all items in our store are listed in us dollars. if sending an international money order, please ensure payment is in united states dollars. if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. below are answers to some frequently asked questions regarding international shipping: what shipping service do you use? your shipping choices and pricing will appear during checkout and may include: (ups) united parcel service, and (usps) united states postal service. please note that not all shipping choices may be available for your country. the shipping options and pricing for your order can be viewed if you start the online checkout through our website. just place the items you wish to purchase into your shopping cart and begin the checkout process. you will not be required to make your purchase at that time, but you will be able to view the shipping choices and pricing for your order. your shipping options available will be dependent upon the weight of your order and the location we are shipping to. to help you decide which method of shipping to choose, please review our list below that explains each shipping option: united parcel service (ups)ups worldwide express delivery by 10:30 a.m. or 12:00 noon usually in 1-3 days to most countries, tracking is available, package is insured. customs, duties, and taxes are not included in our shipping costs and are payable by customer upon delivery of package. ups worldwide saver delivery by end of day usually in 1-3 business days to most countries, tracking is available, package is insured. customs, duties, and taxes are not included in our shipping costs and are payable by customer upon delivery of package. ups worldwide expedited delivery by end of day usually in 2-5 business days to most countries, tracking is available, package is insured. customs, duties and taxes are not included in our shipping costs and are payable by customer upon delivery of package. ups->post office (ups mail innovations international) delivery varies, tracking is not available, package is insured. with this service, the package will start its transit with ups, but final delivery will be made by your country's post office. while most packages are delivered within 15 business days, in rare instances, delays of up to 30 days have been experienced once the package has left the united states due to events beyond our control (such as weather or processing time in customs). delivery times are not guaranteed. united states parcel post (usps)usps express mailinternational delivery usually in 3-5 business days, tracking is available to major destinations, package is insured.while most packages are delivered within 3-5 business days, in rare instances, delays of up to 30 days have been experienced once the package has left the united states due to events beyond our control (such as weather or processing time in customs). delivery times are not guaranteed. usps priority mail international delivery usually in 6-10 business days,tracking is available to major destinations, package is insured. while most packages are delivered within 6-10 business days, in rare instances, delays of up to 60 days have been experienced once the package has left the united states due to events beyond our control (such as weather or processing time in customs). delivery times are not guaranteed. usps first class mail international delivery varies, tracking is not available, package is insured.while most packages are delivered within 15 business days, in rare instances, delays of up to 60 days have been experienced once the package has left the united states due to events beyond our control (such as weather or processing time in customs). delivery times are not guaranteed. can i use a freight forwarder? generally our system requires that orders are shipped to the billing address, however there may be exceptions for certain customer accounts.  if you are able to choose an alternate shipping address, please be aware that our obligation to you has been satisfied upon delivery to the forwarding agent and any claims against lost or damaged packages will be forfeited at that time.  some agents may require that we provide customs and export officials the right to search the contents of outgoing freight.  in an effort to expedite delivery of your goods, we will comply with any such requests unless you explicitly direct us otherwise at the time you place your order. can you list a lower amount on my invoice? we cannot list any amount other than the actual amount paid by you on invoices or customs forms, after any discounts; please note that store credit is not a discount, and is taxable. please do not ask us to list a lower amount, or list your order as a 'gift', as it would be illegal for us to do. attention international customers: we screen diligently for credit card fraud! due to the increasing high risk of fraud with accepting international orders, we have some restrictions in place to deter fraudulent activity. we reserve the right to delay the processing of your order until we have verified your credit card information. if we are unable to verify the legitimacy of the purchase transaction, we reserve the right to cancel the order and reverse or void the credit card charges associated with the purchase. please note that we pursue all legal avenues - advise credit card companies, credit bureaus, and law authorities regarding any suspicious, attempted, or experienced credit card fraud. due to united states sanctions, we cannot ship to these countries: cuba, iran, iraq, north korea, libya, and sudan. we reserve the right to refuse the processing of any orders from countries that are known to be actively involved in credit card fraud. to facilitate processing of international orders, in some circumstances we may ask that one or more of the following items be faxed (secure fax: 1-530-267-8268) or e-mailed to us: a front and back copy of the credit card being used to make your purchase. a photo identification that contains a signature and matches the first and last name on the credit card being used. a recent credit card statement that matches the first and last name on the credit card being used. can you provide me with a tracking number? yes. usps express international, usps priority international mail, ups worldwide expedited and ups worldwide express services provide you with an international tracking number. how much will it cost to ship to me? the pricing for the shipping options will be presented to you before you finish your checkout. all of the store items are weighed properly so when you check out, the system will compute the correct shipping charges for you and present you with a list of shipping options. if you put some items in your shopping cart and start the checkout process, you can see what the shipping charges will be without actually needing to complete an order. does the shipping i pay you include any customs, duties, or tax fees? no. customs, duties, and taxes are not included in your shipping fee paid to us. you will need to pay any customs, duties or tax fees to your local delivery person after your packages is processed by customs. amain.com is unable to determine what your country may charge you for these fees. we suggest that customers contact their local postal carrier or customs department for further information on duties, taxes, or custom fees for their country. warranty issues while domestic customers should address warranty issues to the u.s. manufacturer or distributor, this is not possible for our international customers. please contact amain.com customer service with concerns about faulty products that will be covered by manufacturer warranty. damaged package claims if you have received your order, and your package was damaged in transit, please contact us within 48 hours of receipt of your package. customers with damaged packages can file a claim directly with us. please complete our damaged package claim form and mail or fax it to us for review. please keep all packaging (box, packing paper, etc.) for verification purposes. we will most likely request the damaged product(s) be shipped back to us for verification.lost package claims if you have not received your order, and feel your package may be lost, please contact us. all packages shipped by amain.com are insured for 100% of the package's value. if your package is in fact lost, we will either replace the package, credit your account for the full amount, or offer you a refund for the full amount of the order. before we can file a claim for a lost package, we must allow the u.s. postal service the full time allotted for delivery. here is the timetable for tracing lost packages: usps express mail - 10 business days from the day the order was shipped usps priority mail - 14 business days from the day the order was shipped usps first class mail - 21 business days from the day the order was shipped if your package was not delivered within the timeframes listed above, please complete a lost package claim form. please allow us 2 business days to contact the shipping carrier regarding your missing package. please do not open a paypal claim against the order, as this will further delay the process.  do i have to pay united states taxes? no. international orders are not taxable by the united states. are there any products in your store that cannot be shipped internationally? yes. due to their flammable nature, we cannot ship fuel, cleaning fluids, or any contents that are under pressure, to our international customers overseas. resources & support 2014 holiday shipping getting started: cars getting started: helis getting started: planes getting started: trucks guide to car/buggy kits protek r/c manuals site map sponsorship requests customer service amain.com vip rewards vip terms and conditions faq: cancelling orders faq: gift vouchers faq: pre order products faq: rewards points faq: wish list knowledge base product notices product returns contact us shopping help international shipping payments accepted privacy notice shipping & returns shipping restrictions company info about us employment store locations terms of use why shop with us? from the ceo blog press releases get connected join us on facebook follow us on twitter tune in on youtube community forums team blog tracks payments accepted: copyright © 2014 amain.com. all rights reserved.all original wording and photographs used on this website are the property of amain.com, and may not be used without prior written consent.