来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231075925/http://www.buycostumes.com/info/157
================================================================================

halloween costumes, kids & adult halloween costume ideas | buycostumes.com the online leader in halloween costumes since 1999 sign in customer care order status returns contact us buycostumes.com search cart 0 $0.00 adults women's costumes men's costumes couples costumes sexy costumes plus size costumes mascot costumes kids boy's costumes girl's costumes toddler's costumes infant / baby costumes dress up costumes teen group pet accessories hats wigs masks tiaras and crowns glasses and eyewear costume makeup facial hair and beards fangs and teeth blood and gore gloves and hands jewelry and boas purses and handbags treat bags and pails weapons and armor wings and wands undergarments shoes and boots decorations and party supplies decorations balloons and accessories signs, doors and wall hangings backdrops and scenery displays lawn and yard decorations inflatables and airblown decorative lights halloween decorations and props party supplies party kits party tableware party favors invitations and thank you notes piñatas and accessories candles and cake supplies shop by character alice in wonderland costumes angry birds costumes animal costumes the avengers costumes batman costumes captain america costumes career costumes catwoman costumes crayola costumes dc comics costumes disney costumes disney princess costumes dr. seuss costumes egyptian and mummy costumes fairytale and storybook costumes food and beverage costumes funny costumes halo costumes harry potter costumes historical costumes horror/gothic costumes iron man costumes justice league costumes marvel comic costumes mickey mouse costumes monster high costumes ninja costumes nintendo costumes pirate costumes pirates of the caribbean costumes power rangers costumes princess leia costumes renaissance and medieval costumes sci-fi costumes snow white costumes spider-man costumes star trek costumes star wars costumes strawberry shortcake costumes super mario bros. costumes supergirl costumes superhero costumes superman costumes teenage mutant ninja turtles costumes thor costumes tinkerbell costumes toy story costumes transformers costumes tv and movie character costumes ultimate halloween costumes vampire costumes video game costumes the walking dead costumes werewolf costumes the wizard of oz costumes witch and wizard costumes wolverine costumes wonder woman costumes x-men costumes zombie costumes sale events free shipping over $75! no coupon required customer care customer care contact us order status shopping shipping returns exchanges security & privacy browse the faq 1-800-459-2969 call us (cst):9am-9pm mon-fri9am-6pm sat or email us se habla español: 1-866-255-2791 international shipping information countries we ship to: australia austria belgium bulgaria canada cyprus czech republic denmark estonia finland france germany greece guam hungary israel italy japan latvia lithuania luxemburg malta monaco netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal republic of ireland romania slovak republic slovenia spain sweden switzerland united kingdom we are constantly striving to accommodate all of our international customers in making their purchase experience with buycostumes.com simple, safe, and enjoyable! if you do not find your country in the list of countries above, please feel free to choose an alternative method to have your shipment delivered. myus.com is an international e-commerce service provider that will allow you to place an order and forward your package from our dock to your door. click here for details. how to ship internationally: shop the site and add items to your cart. some items we sell are not available for international sale. items that are not available for international shipping have a icon listed on the item detail page. when you are ready to place your order, click the cart link on the top right of any page. you will select your shipping country before you can proceed to checkout. international shipping rates: buycostumes has partnered with several shipping companies to provide you with fast, affordable shipping options to the countries listed above. rates are determined by the country you ship to and the weight of the items in your cart. to determine your shipping rates we encourage you to start the checkout process and provide us with your ship-to country. if you choose to ship to any of the european union countries we will calculate any applicable import duties and taxes during checkout and collect them on behalf of your government (this way your order total is guaranteed and you will not have to pay any additional money when your order is delivered). for more information about this please click here. delivery times: estimates are quoted in business days (monday – friday, excluding us and local holidays) most orders placed by 2pm (monday – friday) ct will be processed same day zone country estimated time in transit (business days) north america canada canada standard 4-7 canada express 2-4 guam ups expedited 3-6 europe austria, bulgaria, cyprus, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, germany, greece, hungary, italy, latvia, lithuania, luxembourg, malta, netherlands, poland, portugal, republic of ireland, romania, slovak republic, slovenia, spain, sweden local post 5-9 belgium belgium post 4-8 united kingdom royal post 4-8 monaco, norway, switzerland ups expedited 3-6 middle east israel ups expedited 3-6 oceania australia australia post 5-10 ups expedited 3-6 new zealand ups expedited 3-6 japan ups expedited 3-6 *please note that delivery times for international orders are generally accurate but are not guaranteed. duties & taxes: duties, custom tariffs and vat are set by the local government and are determined based on a combination of product-specific characteristics: country of origin, material, and the classification of the good in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the local government. the amount of duties, tariffs and taxes will vary by product and the specific rates set by your local government. as a convenience to our international shoppers we have accumulated some country specific information about taxes, import duties and fees that you may find useful. australia - orders totaling less than $1,000.00 aud (product + shipping costs) do not require any gst or duty to be paid. orders over $1000.00 aud will have both gst and duty charges of up to 28% payable to australian customs upon delivery in order to take possession of your merchandise. multiple orders placed within 48 hours of each other will be combined for shipping and custom clearance purposes. canada –with our fully-landed cost shipping method, you will never have to pay additional duty and tax upon delivery. by placing your order, you authorize us to appoint a canadian customs broker to obtain customs clearance for your items and remit applicable duty and taxes on your behalf to revenue canada. all canadian orders will be billed the appropriate import duty, gst/hst and brokerage fee amounts at the time of purchase. these totals will be displayed in the checkout page when you select to which province your order will be shipped. the total billed at checkout is guaranteed. you will not have to pay anything additional at the time of delivery to take possession of your merchandise. new zealand - orders totaling less than $50 nzd (about $35 usd depending on the current exchange rates) will not have any duty due. orders over $50 nzd (about $35 usd) will have gst of 15% and duty charges of as much as 12%, (most party supplies will not have any duty due but most costumes do have a duty rate of 12%) for a total of 27% due and payable to new zealand customs in order to take possession of your merchandise. israel, japan, monaco, norway & switzerland – vat taxes and import duty and fees vary by country. vat and import fees will be due upon delivery in order to take possession of your merchandise. please check with your local tax authority for specific vat and import fees. refunds will not be given for refusal to pay these fees. all other european countries -with our fully-landed cost shipping method, you will never have to pay additional duty and tax upon delivery. to view the shipping charges, vat and import duties on any order simply place the items you wish to purchase into your shopping cart and select your shipping country from the pull-down menu. by choosing to ship to any of the countries listed above, you must agree to the international shipping terms and conditions which includes appointing a customs broker to import your goods. you can view the terms and conditions here. returns: international orders may be returned. for our canada customer returns, click here. to view our return policy for all other countries, please click here. please note that refunds are for the cost of merchandise only and return shipping charges are nonrefundable. duties and taxes on international orders are not refundable. we cannot accept returns from myus.com customers payment options: we accept mastercard, visa, discover card, american express and paypal. you may also use check cards or atm cards, as long as they are connected with one of the major credit card companies listed above. we do not accept gift cards, personal checks, or cash. we only accept credit cards issued from a country we ship to. we will charge your credit card in us dollars. exchange rates may fluctuate. please note that most banks will charge additional fees for currency conversion. these fees typically range from 2-5% of the total value of your order including shipping charges. please contact your credit card issuing bank directly for additional details on fees and exchange. myus.com: we have partnered with myus.com to offer convenient, fast international shipping to more than 225 countries for our customers. myus.com members receive deeply discounted shipping rates, exceptional customer service, 24/7 online access to their account, and access to other services. sign up with myus.com and receive your own u.s. street address to receive merchandise from any website or store within the u.s. those items are shipped to your u.s. address, where myus.com provides specialized international package forwarding services from your new u.s. address to your international address. note: use myus.com's personal shopper service to make a purchase from websites that do not accept international credit cards or those with international billing addresses. myus.com accepts all major credit cards and also accepts wire transfers, and will make the purchase on your behalf. follow these two steps for international delivery: get your own u.s. address in america at www.myus.com. use your new u.s. address, provided by myus.com, when placing your order on u.s. websites. if you are ordering multiple items, you'll enjoy the most savings by using myus.com premium service. this gives you the ability to consolidate packages, which saves you even more on international shipping. *please note: due to the nature of myus.com business of shipping to countries that we do not ship to, we cannot accept returns from myus.com customers. about about us advertise with us 100% price guarantee dropship/wholesale program affiliate program dmca notice press room careers terms of use sitemap customer care contact us email us faqs returns shipping international shipping shopping order status security & privacy costume resources halloween how-to videos blog wig wear & care mask wear & care halloween costumes 2012 halloween costumes 2013 halloween costumes 2014 buycostumes coupons and deals switch to mobile site stay connected friend us on facebook twitter youtube google plus pinterest need assistance? 1-800-459-2969 hours (cst): 9am-9pm mon-fri, 9am-6pm sat bbbonline.org bizrate.com certified customer shop by theme a nightmare on elm street costumes alien & astronaut costumes anime costumes bug costumes cheerleader costumes cosplay costumes devil & demon costumes doctor & nurse costumes dreamgirl costumes elvis presley costumes firefighter costumes friday the 13th costumes ghostbusters costumes gi joe costumes grease costumes kiss costumes lady gaga costumes leg avenue costumes m & m costumes marilyn monroe costumes michael jackson costumes monster & ghost costumes mortal kombat costumes pac-man costumes peter pan costumes police costumes rave wear costumes religious & biblical costumes role play costumes school girl costumes scooby-doo costumes sesame street costumes shrek costumes steampunk costumes the flintstones costumes the incredible hulk costumes the lord of the rings costumes the muppets costumes villain costumes warrior costumes western costumes winnie the pooh costumes copyright © 2014 buycostumes.com all rights reserved. bcweb01