来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20220816134733/https://www.buycostumes.com/categories/superheroes-1
================================================================================

superhero costumes - halloween costumes | buycostumes.com accessibility information skip to main content skip to primary navigation need help? sign in track your order free shipping* on orders $75+ us economy ground mobile navigation menu cart go go shop by character baby girls boys womens mens accessories decor holidays sale home shop by character superheroes superheroes adults kids fanwear ant-man batman black panther black widow captain america captain marvel catwoman deadpool hulk iron man shazam spiderman superman thor wonder woman x men sort by: featured top sellers newest price, low to high price, high to low top rated sort department create your own (310) womens (164) mens (160) girls (124) boys (108) baby/toddler (53) pets (51) teen (9) props & decorations (7) collection justice league (330) dc comics (214) dark knight (70) dc superhero girls (47) teenage mutant ninja turtles (46) generic superhero (31) suicide squad (30) the batman (28) wonder woman 1984 (25) the incredibles (23) shazam (14) teen titans (13) aquaman (11) arkham knight (11) dc league of super pets (10) the brave and the bold (10) alice in wonderland (9) birds of prey (8) avengers (7) powerpuff girls (6) suicide squad 2 (5) gotham knights (4) maleficent (4) power rangers (4) pj masks (3) classic star wars (2) coraline (2) lego movie (2) miraculous ladybug (2) spiderman (2) the joker (2) 101 dalmatians (1) captain planet (1) deadpool (1) descendants (1) lego batman (1) shop by color rainbow (1) sonic the hedgehog (1) the little mermaid (1) the punisher (1) the umbrella academy (1) x men (1) character batman (157) wonder woman (152) harley quinn (67) superman (65) joker (60) batgirl (54) supergirl (46) robin (38) flash (30) catwoman (25) poison ivy (14) riddler (14) aquaman (12) leonardo (11) michelangelo (11) donatello (10) raphael (10) mrs incredible (9) red queen (9) shazam (9) green lantern (8) bane (7) mera (6) arrow (5) deadshot (5) mr incredible (5) batwoman (4) cyborg (4) maleficent (4) manta (4) cheetah (3) deathstroke (3) katana (3) nightwing (3) raven (3) thor (3) two face (3) black lightning (2) blossom (2) bubbles (2) buttercup (2) captain america (2) darth vader (2) mary (2) penguin (2) red hood (2) scarecrow (2) shredder (2) spiderman (2) starfire (2) theme superheroes (752) villains (234) gender male (368) female (332) color brown (8) red (5) black (4) green (3) blonde (2) multi (2) blue (1) white (1) collection dc comics (828) disney (14) marvel comics (12) power rangers (4) lego (3) star wars (2) cats (1) top of page superhero costumes superheroes costumes are an ever-popular category for halloween in the past several years, and there's no end to the fun looks and styles you can choose when you shop right here! from ant-man to the x-men and everything in between, girls, boys, men, and women will all love the different halloween looks, great for costume parties, going trick-or-treating, heading to movie premieres, and more! sort by: featured top sellers newest price, low to high price, high to low top rated sort previous 1 2 3 … 42 next filter results quick view the batman: child batman costume new arrival $39.99 view details quick view the batman adult selina kyle costume new arrival $58.99 view details quick view suicide squad 2: harley quinn costume $76.99 view details quick view the batman: child deluxe batman costume new arrival $53.99 view details quick view dc super villains: joker girl costume new arrival $45.99 view details quick view suicide squad 2: harley quinn red dress $76.99 3.0 out of 5 stars (1) view details quick view dawn of justice adult batman 1/2 mask ship now $6.99 add to cart quick view girl's dc super hero supergirl cape set $7.99 add to cart quick view wonder woman costume kit for women $29.99 – $31.99 view details quick view poison ivy leaves vine $8.99 add to cart quick view robin (female) t-shirt adult costume kit $33.99 view details quick view mrs. incredible women's the incredibles tunic and leggings costume ship now $14.99 – $16.99 5.0 out of 5 stars (1) view details quick view super hero boot child $26.99 – $30.99 view details quick view men's darth boot $56.99 view details quick view dc deluxe batman muscle chest costume $76.99 5.0 out of 5 stars (1) view details quick view justice league superman jumpsuit costume for girls $58.99 view details quick view kids the joker batman costumedeluxe $53.99 5.0 out of 5 stars (6) view details quick view muscle chest dark knight batman costumedeluxe $53.99 5.0 out of 5 stars (2) view details quick view flash men's costume $144.99 view details quick view mens deluxe green arrow costume $63.99 5.0 out of 5 stars (1) view details quick view batman v superman: dawn of justice deluxe superman cape accessory for adults $48.99 add to cart quick view boys shazam costume $39.99 view details quick view super hero boot men adult $40.99 view details quick view poison ivy glovelets for adults $8.99 add to cart superheroes costume ideas when asked what you wanted to be when you grow up, did you ever answer superman or catwoman? chances are your childhood dreams didn't become reality – until now. we have all the superhero costumes for kids and adults you could want, so you can pretend to be your favorite character whenever you need to feel powerful or invincible. dress up as captain america or the black widow from the avengers to protect humanity – and your family – from evil. keep your neighborhood free of supervillains, or bring good superhero entertainment to the next costume party with these amazing superhero costumes. we'll provide you with the costumes to look the part, but the superhero powers are on you to provide. so if your childhood dream was to be spider-man scaling up and down buildings, or to fly through the air like thor, we have the costumes to help you look the part. superhero character bios batman as the dark knight, batman doesn't have any special superpowers. however, you don't want to mess with him after dark when he comes out to protect gotham city. he's a master at everything he's studied, from martial arts to criminal psychology.  "…as a symbol… as a symbol i can be incorruptible. i can be everlasting." – bruce wayne in batman begins captain america with his indestructible shield made of vibranium, this superhero fights enemies using his great muscular strength and quick reflexes. later in his life he joined the team of avengers as their first recruit, protecting the country against global threats. "the price of freedom is high … and it's a price i'm willing to pay." iron man iron man's alter ego, tony stark, is a bit of a playboy and rebel, making this a fun character to dress as for costume parties. iron man is one of the founding members of the avengers. "what is the point of owning a race car if you can't drive it?" spider-man what's cooler than superhuman strength and the ability to stick to buildings? peter parker as spider-man wields these unusual powers, along with his spider-web-shooting gadgets he built for his hands, to protect the citizens of new york from villains. "you seriously think i'm a cop? cop in a skin-tight red and blue suit?" superman telescopic, microscopic, x-ray and heat vision, strength, flying capabilities, super running powers and creating a force field shield are just a few of the superpowers superman holds, making this man from krypton a powerful force to be reckoned with. "i'm here to fight for truth, and justice, and the american way." thor as the son of an asgardian god and the earth goddess, thor was born with many magical powers. with his magical hammer, mjolnir, thor defends earth against nefarious crimes. he is a founding member of the avengers. "you're big. i've fought bigger." wonder woman as a creation made by six members of the green pantheon, wonder woman was gifted with great strength, wisdom and courage, a hunter's heart and communion with animals, plus beauty, speed and the power of flight. she also has the ability to control fire. "i can lift weights, i can handle car doors." wolverine with claws, incredible healing powers and a skeleton bonded to adamantium, wolverine is a dangerous member of the x-men team, in more ways than one. he goes by his own rules, and you don't want to get in the way of his agenda. "i come with you, i'm coming for blood." superhero group costume ideas criminals on the streets of your town had better beware when your masked crime-fighting family emerges in these batman group costumes. we have batman group costumes for all the adults and children in your family, and if your dog wants to join in, we can deck him out as well. with batman, robin, catwoman, batgirl and batman dog, you'll have a highly skilled team of crime fighters to keep the villains away. your family will be a hit all dressed in black at every costume party you attend. be sure to enter the group costume contest, because the superheroes of gotham city will certainly take the prize. to help pull off the costume, be sure to study a couple of martial arts or ninja moves to perfect batman, robin and catwoman's characters. and tell everyone you have the streets of your town protected and secure. friends & couples superhero costume ideas batman and robin the dark knight and his sidekick are the perfect costumes for a father-and-son team to wear for halloween or any costume party. as the masked crime-fighting duo defends the streets of gotham city, so, too, can your father/son team keep your neighborhood safe. joker and harley quinn if you like to play the bad guy every now and then, these joker and harley quinn costumes are sure to be a hit. as a couple dressed as gotham city's villains, you can create utter pandemonium at any costume party you attend. wonder woman and infant superman new moms can enjoy any costume party dressed up as wonder woman, and they can take their baby along dressed as superman, too. all your friends and family will ooh and aah over your creativity and excellent costume choices. girl's black widow and captain america dog as the only female avenger with a strong personality, little girls love dressing as the black widow for halloween and costume parties. add in the cute outfit for your pet dog as captain america, and you have an adorable crime-fighting costumed team. enhance your superhero costume thor ultimate costume when you choose to dress as thor, you can't go half-hearted with your costume attempt. thor is the ultimate avenger and protector of the nine realms, and he does everything at 100 percent strength. this costume will ensure you look the part. it includes the long red shoulder-paneled cape, molded vinyl body armor, thor's belt of strength worn over a smooth textured jumpsuit and a pair of molded arm gauntlets. this costume is officially licensed and is as authentic as possible, so when you head out to your costume party, you will be arriving as thor – not yourself. supergirl costume accessories when you want to stop traffic and save the world from devastation, this supergirl costume is exactly what you need. with the blue top and large s emblazoned across the chest, which is recognizable from superman's outfit and a shiny red skirt, everyone will know supergirl is in the house – or at the party. add a red or blue glowbys flashing hair accessory to your hair and don red wonder knee high adult boots on your feet to finish the outfit from top to bottom. try out our leggings if you’re looking to add additional warm and coverage for your costume and complete your supergirl look. dc vs. marvel superheroes dc the lineup of popular dc characters includes superman, batman, robin, wonder woman, aquaman, catwoman, flash, green lantern, captain marvel, superboy and lobo. all dc characters are very recognizable for their look and have special characteristics that help them fight for justice together as a team. marvel the following superheroes are just a few that were created and developed by marvel comics: captain america, thor, hulk, spider-man, wolverine, elektra, quicksilver, storm, jubilee and silver surfer. many of these characters have teamed together to form popular groups like the avengers, guardians of the galaxy, x-men and the fantastic four. spider woman makeup tutorial donning the costume is just the first step in looking like spider-woman. and since you don't want to be wearing a cloth mask over your head the entire night, follow this tutorial video to finish the look using make-up on your face. you'll look the part perfectly and be able to enjoy eating and drinking without having to remove your mask! top of page be in the know! sign up for our news letter for exclusive offers sign up stay connected visit us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on pinterest see us on youtube see us on instagram +1 on google+ about us company information contact us customer service return & refund policy shipping policy privacy policy my account customer support terms and conditions ccpa privacy notice accessibility options 605-271-2608 track your order email us copyright © 2022 buycostumes.com all rights reserved. top of page