来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231074424/https://brandless.com/policies/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy - brandless bundles beauty & personal care wellness home fern home decor cleaning essentials tree free collection bakeware kitchen essentials kitchen knives kitchen utensils cookware household essentials tableware travel paper goods outdoor pet baby limited time only layer 1 search layer 1 login layer 1 0 cart bundles beauty & personal care wellness home fern home decor cleaning essentials tree free collection bakeware kitchen essentials kitchen knives kitchen utensils cookware household essentials tableware travel paper goods outdoor pet baby limited time only layer 1 login layer 1 search layer 1 account layer 1 0 cart search what are you looking for? layer 1 commonly searched: bundles beauty & personal care wellness home limited time only menu title this section doesn’t currently include any content. add content to this section using the sidebar. add description and links to your promotion shop now your headline image caption appears here your product's name $49.00 add your deal, information or promotional text privacy policy introductionwelcome! you have arrived at a web site or mobile application that is provided by brandless (onward partners, llc dba brandless) (“brandless” or “we,” “our” or “us”). this “privacy policy” governs your use of www.brandless.com (including, without limitation, both mobile and online versions of our site and our site store), and also applies to your use of all features, widget, links, applications, content, downloads and other services that we make available through the site and/or that post a link to this privacy policy (collectively, referred to herein as the “site”). regardless of how you access or use the site, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise. this privacy policy will also apply to our data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of our site in specific instances when we indicate that the privacy policy applies at the time when we collect your information. to the extent we provide you notice on our site of different or additional privacy policies or practices (for example, at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use. in addition, please review the site’s terms and conditions of service, which governs your use of the site. by using our site, you consent to our privacy policy and terms and conditions of service and our collection, use and sharing of your information and data, and other activities, as described below. table of contentsit is important that you read and understand these entire terms before using the site. this table of contents further highlights some key issues and points and you can click on the headings to be taken to the full explanation. what information does the site collect?information you provide to usyou may give us personal information and demographic information, such as when you register on the site, contact us or submit content through the site. information we collect and store as you access and use the sitecertain information may be collected from you automatically when you access and use the site. for example, we and third parties may use tracking technologies to collect usage information based on your device identifier for a variety of purposes, including tracking, targeting, and advertising, which may include activities across time and third party locations. information third parties provide about youwe may obtain information about you from third parties. interactions with third party sitesif you interact with third party sites, those sites may send us information about you and you or we may send them information about you. information you provide about a third partyyou may give us information about others, such as when you send a friend a message. california do not track disclosureswe do not look for or respond to do not track signals, but you may have certain other options regarding tracking and/or targeting. how do we use the information collected?use of information by uswe use your personal information, demographic information and usage information for a variety of purposes detailed in this section. use of information for recruitment purposesif you apply for a job with us, we use the application information for considering you for a position. how and when do we disclose information to third parties?we may provide your information to third parties under various circumstances. these may include: when you request information from or provide information to third partiesif you request information from third parties, request that we send information to third parties or interact with third party sites, content, ads or tools (including facebook and other third party share functionality), we may share your information with such parties and/or they may collect your information directly. this may also include ordering or purchasing products from third parties through us where we indicate that the third party rather than us is the seller. third parties providing services on our behalfour vendors may collect your information or we may share it with them. administrative and legal reasonsthere are a variety of administrative and legal reasons for which may share your information. affiliates and business transferwe may share your information with our affiliates or in the event of a sale, merger or similar transaction. co-branded areasco-branded areas may include information collection by us and third parties. such third parties privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices. sweepstakes, contests and promotionspromotions entrants may be required to consent to certain information sharing. to deliver social content and advertisingyour california privacy rightscalifornia residents may request information about sharing of certain personal information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes by contacting us using the methods described in this section. what about information i disclose publicly?user-generated content and public informationposting content in public areas makes it available to others. name and likenessyou grant us the right to use your name and likeness in connection with your posting and activities. content you submit and community usage rulesthird parties may send you targeted ads based on your location, information and/or behavior. if you object, exercise choices some third parties may offer. do third-party content, links to third-party sites and/or third-party apps appear on the site?we may allow you to access third-party content on the site, or to link to third-party applications and locations from the site, but we are not responsible for your interaction with third-party content, apps, and locations. how do i change my information and communications preferences?you may change certain account information and preferences. what about transfer of information to the united states?data may be transferred to the united states. what should parents know about children?we do not intend to collect personal information from children. if you think we have, let us know. what about security?no data security is absolute, but we take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately. what about changes to the privacy policy?we may change this privacy policy. the full detailed privacy policywhat information does the site collect?information you provide to uspersonal information and demographic information. on the site, we may ask you to provide certain categories of information such as: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, such as your first and last name, email address, home address, date of birth and phone number (“personal information”); and (2) demographic information, such as information about your gender (“demographic information”). we may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the site, including if you register for an account, through “contact us” forms, or when you otherwise interact with the site. if we combine demographic information with the personal information we collect directly from you on the site, we will treat the combined data as personal information under this privacy policy. information we collect and store as you access and use the sitein addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to submit to us via our site, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect and store certain information whenever you visit or interact with the site (“usage information”). this usage information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, laptop, tablet or mobile phone (a “device”) whenever you visit or interact with our site. usage information may be nonidentifying or may be associated with you. whenever we associate usage information with your personal information, we will treat it as personal information. this usage information may include: your ip address or other unique identifier (“device identifier”). a device identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your device used to access the site, and our computers identify your device by its device identifier;your device functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information);the url that referred you to our site;the areas within our site that you visit and your activities there, including remembering you and your preferences;your device location;your device characteristics; andcertain other device data, including the time of day, among other information.we may use various developed methods and technologies to collect usage information (“tracking technologies”). tracking technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your device. a few of the tracking technologies include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods later developed): cookies. a cookie is a data file placed on a device when it is used to visit the site. a flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file placed on a device via the adobe flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your device. html5 cookies can be programmed through html5 local storage. unlike flash cookies, html5 cookies do not require a plug-in. regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard. also, these tools may not be effective with regard to flash cookies or html5 cookies. for information on disabling flash cookies go to adobe’s web site www.adobe.com. please be aware that if you disable or remove cookies, flash cookies, or html5 cookies on your device, some parts of our site may not function properly, and that when you revisit our site your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations. web beacons. small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 gifs” or “clear gifs”) may be included in our site’s pages and messages. web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the site, to monitor how users navigate the site, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. embedded scripts. an embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the site, such as the links you click on. the code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. browser fingerprinting. collection and analysis of information from your device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts and other data, for purposes of identification. etag, or entity tag. a feature of the cache in browsers. it is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a url. if the resource content at that url ever changes, a new and different etag is assigned. used in this manner etags are a form of device identifier. etag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks http, flash and/or html5 cookies. recognition technologies. technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user). we may use tracking technologies for a variety of purposes, including: strictly necessary. we may use cookies or other tracking technologies that we consider are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access our site, including cookies required to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping-cart functionality. performancerelated. we may use cookies or other tracking technologies that are useful in order to assess the performance of the site, including as part of our analytic practices or otherwise to improve the content, products or services offered through the site. targetingrelated. we may use tracking technologies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our site and thirdparty sites based on how you interact with our content and ads. this includes using tracking technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the content and ads that have been delivered to you. further information on this, and your opt-out choices, is found in section 5 below. there may be other tracking technologies now and later devised and used by us in connection with the site. further, third parties may use tracking technologies in connection with our site, which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. we may not control those tracking technologies and we are not responsible for them. however, you consent to potentially encountering third-party tracking technologies in connection with use of our site and accept that our statements under this privacy policy do not apply to the tracking technologies or practices of such third parties. information third parties provide about youwe may receive information about you from our affiliates and others that use the site, such as when they submit content to us or post on the site. additionally, we may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect directly from you on our site with outside records from third parties for various purposes, including to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities that may be of interest to you. to the extent we combine information we receive from those sources with personal information we collect on the site, it will be treated as personal information and we will apply this privacy policy to such combined information, unless we have disclosed otherwise. in no other circumstances do our promises under this privacy policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties. interactions with third party sitesthe site may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the site and your account on a third-party web site or application. the use of this functionality may involve the third-party operator providing certain information, including personal information, to us. for example, when you register with the service, you may have an option to use your facebook, google or other account provided by a third-party site or application to facilitate the registration and log-in or transaction process on the service, or otherwise link accounts. if we offer and you choose to use this functionality to access or use our service, the third-party site or application may send personal information about you to us. if so, we will then treat it as personal information under this privacy policy, since we are collecting it as a result of your accessing of and interaction on our service. in addition, we may provide third-party sites’ interfaces or links on the site to facilitate your sending a communication from the site. for example, we may use third parties to facilitate emails, tweets or facebook postings. these third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or other activities and these third parties’ practices are not subject to our privacy policy. brandless may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties. further, when you use third-party sites or services, you are using their services and not our services and they, not we, are responsible for their practices. you should review the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such third-party tools on our site. information you provide about a third partyyou may send someone else a communication from the service, such as sending an invitation to a friend. if so, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, mobile number, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our site, your email address, mobile number, name or user name and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee(s). some of these tools may be third-party tools subject to third-party privacy policies as further detailed in section 1(d) and section 5. california do not track disclosuresvarious third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms for the expression of consumer choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services (e.g., browser do not track signals). currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms. how do we use the information collected?use of information by us. we may use your personal information, demographic information or usage information for various purposes, including:to place an order made through the site;to process transactions or provide you with information such as to send you electronic newsletters or to provide you with special offers or promotional and marketing materials on behalf of us or third parties, including to let you know about new products, services or upcoming events;to enable you to participate in a variety of the site’s features such as to enable you to participate in online entry sweepstakes, contests or other promotions;to process your registration with the service, including verifying your information is active and valid;to improve the site, marketing endeavors or our site offerings;to customize your experience on the site or to serve you specific content or ads that are relevant to you;to provide customer support;to contact you with regard to your use of the site and, in our discretion, changes to the site and/or site’s policies;to notify you of product recalls or providing other information concerning products you have purchased;to identify your product and site preferences so that you can be informed of new or additional products, services and promotions;to improve merchandise selections and the overall shopping experience at the site;for internal business purposes; andfor purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy.use of information for recruitment purposes.where you have provided us with information as part of an online application for employment or internship, we may use that information in order to allow us to make an informed decision about whether to proceed with your application. we may, as part of this recruitment process, collect information about your education, employment history and similar matters. where this information is considered to be sensitive, you expressly consent to our processing of this information for recruitment purposes by submitting it to us.how and when do we disclose information to third parties?we may share non-personal information, such as aggregated user statistics, with third parties. further, we may share your personal information with third parties such as our co-promotional and donation partners or and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident, you have the right to request additional information about this sharing, so please see section (3)(g) below. we may share your device identifiers with third parties along with data related to you and your activities. in addition, we may share the information we have collected about you, including personal information, as disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described below or otherwise in this privacy policy. brandless may disclose your information as follows: when you request information from or provide information to third parties. you may be presented with an option on our site to receive certain information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties or to have us send certain information to third parties or give them access to it. if you choose to do so, your personal information and other information may be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties. in addition, third parties may store, collect or otherwise have access to your information when you interact with their tracking technologies, content, tools apps or ads on our site or link to them from our site. this may include using third party tools such as facebook, twitter, pinterest or other third party posting or content sharing tools. it may also include ordering or purchasing products from third parties through us where we indicate that the third party rather than us is the seller. we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review such third party privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to requesting information from or otherwise interacting with them.third parties providing services on our behalf. we may use third-party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us or the site, such as: (a) to assist us in site operations such as e-commerce operations, shipping of products and services and fulfillment of orders; (b) to manage a database of customer information; (c) hosting the site; (d) designing and/or operating the site’s features; (e) tracking the site’s activities and analytics; (f) enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services; and (g) other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. we may provide vendors with access to your information to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us. third-party analytics and other service providers may set and access their own technologies on your device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you. we are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them. however, some third parties may offer you certain choices regarding their practices, and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here. we are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties’ opt-out options.when you purchase a brandless product, your payment transaction is processed on our behalf by a third-party payment processor, stripe, inc. (“stripe”). what this means for you is that we do not collect or store your credit card data, rather when you purchase a brandless product on the site, you are providing your credit card information directly to stripe. accordingly, stripe’s privacy policy available at https://stripe.com/us/privacy will apply to stripe’s collection and use of your payment information.administrative and legal reasons. we may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information (including device identifiers and personal information) to third parties: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law; (ii) to protect and/or defend the site’s terms and conditions of service or other policies applicable to the site, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of the site or any third party; and/or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. further, we may use ip address or other device identifiers, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies, including disclosing such information to third parties, all in our discretion, subject to applicable law. such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.affiliates and business transfer. we may share your information, including your device identifiers and personal information, demographic information and usage information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates. we also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the site or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process.co-branded areas. certain areas of the site may be provided to you in association with third parties (“co-branded areas”) such as our donation partners, and may require you to disclose personal information to them. such co-branded areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of you information. if you elect to register for products and/or services, communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications, at co-branded areas, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party. further, if you sign-in to a co-branded area with a username and password obtained on the site, your personal information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that co-branded area. we are not responsible for such third party’s data collection or practices and you should look to such third-party privacy policies for more information.sweepstakes, contests and promotions. we may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “promotion”) through the site that may require registration. by participating in a promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion. if you choose to enter a promotion, personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.to deliver social content and advertising. we, and others we work with (e.g., third party publishers, advertisers and advertising services providers) may use your personal information, demographic information and/or usage information we have collected in connection with the service to target and deliver content and advertisements to you and other users, both on and off of our service. further, by using the service, you consent to the use of your personal information and your service activity information.your california privacy rights. we may elect to share information about you with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. california civil code § 1798.83 permits california residents who have supplied personal information (as defined in the law) to us to, under certain circumstances, request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. if this law applies to you, you may obtain the categories of personal information shared by us and the names and addresses of all third parties that received personal information for their direct marketing purposes from us during the immediately prior calendar year (for example, requests made in 2021 will receive information about 2020 sharing activities). to make such a request, please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, attest to the fact that you are a california resident and provide a current california address for our response. to make such a request (limit one request per year), please send an email to:support@brandless.com, with “california privacy rights” as the subject line or mail us a letter to: brandless, 5152 n edgewood dr, suite 375, provo, utah 84097. (attn: legal department). you must include your full name, email address, and postal address in your request.what about information i disclose publicly?user-generated content and public information. the site may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including personal information (collectively, “user content”), such as on profiles, blogs and message boards. we or others may store, display, reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use user content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed) and may or may not attribute it to you. others may have access to this user content and may have the ability to share it with third parties. please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including personal information, in connection with your user content. please note that brandless does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. our promises under this privacy policy do not apply to any information that you disclose publicly, share with others or otherwise upload onto the publicly available positions of our site. we are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any user content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the site.name and likeness. we may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other personal information that is part of your user content, and we may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities. for full terms and conditions regarding user content you submit to the site, please review our terms and conditions of service.ads and information about youwe may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements across the internet and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party sites and viewing of ads and of our content. network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements, which may be based on your activities across the internet and mobile media (“behavioral ads”). behavioral ads enable us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which we believe you might be interested. if you object to receiving behavioral ads from us on third party sites, you can learn more about your ability to limit behavioral ads below. our third party ad network and exchange providers, the advertisers and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own technologies on your device and track certain behavioral usage information via a device identifier. these third party technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements; and (c) understand the usefulness of the advertisements that have been delivered to you. statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third parties or the use of the information that such third parties collect. we do however work with third parties to make efforts to have you provided with information on their practices and any available opportunity to exercise choice. the relevant third party’s terms of service, privacy policy, permissions, notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection, storage and sharing practices. we make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties. some third parties may offer you certain choices regarding their practices, and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here. further, while sites use a variety of companies to serve advertisements, you may wish to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp, which provides information regarding this practice by network advertising initiative (“nai”) members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including the “opt-out” procedures of nai members. opting out of one or more nai members only means that those nai members no longer will be allowed under their own rules to deliver behavioral ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads. also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or change web browsers, your nai opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. you may also opt-out of receiving behavioral ads on participating sites and services by visiting the digital advertising alliance (“daa”) website at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/#completed. similar limitations may apply to the daa opt-out. we are not responsible for effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties’ opt-out options or programs. do third-party content, links to third-party sites and/or third-party apps appear on the site?the site may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect usage information and your device identifier when pages from the site are served to you. in addition, when you are on the site you may be directed to other sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. we are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their services and they may be tracking you across multiple sites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others. for example, if you “click” on a link, the “click” may take you off the site onto a different site. these other sites may associate their tracking technologies with you, independently collect data about you, including personal information, and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. third-party applications may also be available via the site. the owners of these applications (“third-party owners”) may collect personal information and other data from you and may have their own policies and practices. we are not responsible for how third-party owners or their applications collect or use your information and they may be tracking you across multiple sites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others. these third-party owners may have their own terms of service, privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same. we are not responsible for these third-party privacy policies or the practices of third-party owners. be sure to review any available policies before submitting any personally identifiable information to a third-party application or otherwise interacting with it and exercise caution in connection with these applications. we also encourage you to note when you leave our site and to review the third-party privacy policies of all third-party locations and exercise caution in connection with them. how do i change my information and communications preferences?you are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of registration. the site may allow you to review, correct or update personal information you have provided through the site’s forms or otherwise, and you may provide updates and changes by contacting us atsupport@brandless.com. if you send us an email to update your information, please include “change of information” in the subject line of your email. if so, we will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons. also, if you have made any public postings on the site such as in forums or blogs, these communications cannot generally be removed. when you edit your personal information or change your preferences on the site, information that you remove may persist internally for our administrative purposes. you may cancel or modify our email marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional emails or in some cases by logging into your site account and changing your communication preferences. this will not affect subsequent subscriptions and if your opt-out is limited to certain types of emails the opt-out will be so limited. subsequent or different subscriptions will be unaffected. please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our site, such as administrative and site announcements and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing communications. if you have any questions about the privacy policy or practices described in it, you should contact us by email atsupport@brandless.com. what about transfer of information to the united states?our site is operated in the united states and intended for users located in the united states. if you are located outside of the united states, please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, will be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the united states. the data protection laws in the united states may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the united states according to laws of the united states. by using the site or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including personal information, in the united states as set forth in this privacy policy. what should parents know about children?the site is a general audience web site and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children younger than the age of thirteen (13) as required by u.s. law. we will delete any personal information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of thirteen (13). if you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact us atsupport@brandless.com. what about security?we incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your personal information. however, no data transmission over the internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our site and provide us with your information at your own risk. what about changes to the privacy policy?we reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time without notice to you. any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised privacy policy. however, we will not use your personal information in a manner materially different than promised at the time it was collected without your consent. to the extent any provision of this privacy policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable. the following third parties that collect information from you on our site have given us notice that you may obtain information on their policies and practices, and in some instances opt-out of certain of their activities, as follows: google: google analytics, ads, tag manager, sites, and shopping https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 andhttp://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?hl=en&sig=aci0tcg8vn3fad5_pdosas8a4use of tracking technologies yesprivacy choices https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/klayvio https://www.klaviyo.com/privacyshopify: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacyfacebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php brandless-checkmarklayer 1 goodness delivered brandless-checkmarklayer 1 brand less. live more. brandless-checkmarklayer 1 free us shipping at $40 brand less. live more. footer menu contact what is clean beauty? gift card refunds terms & conditions privacy affiliate sell your company here at brandless™ we put people first, which means value and values stick together. better stuff, fewer dollars, no nonsense. © 2021 brandless american express apple pay diners club discover elo google pay jcb mastercard paypal shop pay venmo visa what are you looking for? layer 1