来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231125218/https://brandless.com/pages/purchase-terms?utm_source=footer-link
================================================================================

terms and conditions of purchase & other - brandless megaphone free shipping on us orders over $40 accessibility statement personal health hydration vitamins & supplements nutrition powders blender bundles essential oils shop the gummy market personal health bundle & save beauty skincare body care hair care grooming makeup tools baby care shop brilliant beauty beauty bundle & save home décor green cleaning sustainable products kitchen tabletop & bar travel pet essentials miscellaneous shop fern home bundle & save brands only at brandless the gummy market brilliant beauty fern brandless innovations sutera ambrosia collective zeal naturals special offers bundle & save limited time body butters search search account login box 0 cart 0 menu close (x) personal health hydration vitamins & supplements nutrition powders blender bundles essential oils shop the gummy market personal health bundle & save beauty skincare body care hair care grooming makeup tools baby care shop brilliant beauty beauty bundle & save home décor green cleaning sustainable products kitchen tabletop & bar travel pet essentials miscellaneous shop fern home bundle & save brands only at brandless the gummy market brilliant beauty fern brandless innovations sutera ambrosia collective zeal naturals special offers bundle & save limited time body butters account login search search account account box 0 cart close (x) close (x) search what are you looking for? search commonly searched: bundle deals beauty personal care wellness home close (x) only at brandless the gummy market brilliant beauty fern electrolighter hydration + caffeine brandless innovations sutera ambrosia collective zeal naturals terms and conditions of purchase these terms and conditions of purchase, unless modified in writing by buyer, shall govern this transaction and any future transaction between seller and buyer (unless buyer supplies updated terms and conditions), notwithstanding any conflicting term or condition of seller’s acknowledgement or any other document or communication to the contrary. buyer hereby objects to and rejects any terms or conditions contained in any such document or communication which is contrary to or in addition to these terms and conditions. 1. acceptance of purchase order.  this purchase order constitutes buyer’s offer or counteroffer to seller and shall become a binding contract upon acceptance by seller. acceptance by seller shall occur upon seller’s sending an acknowledgment to buyer, or the commencement of performance by seller, or shipment or receipt of articles, whichever occurs first. by accepting this purchase order, seller agrees to and accepts these terms and conditions. no change in any contract shall be binding upon buyer until executed in writing by buyer. all charges associated with this purchase order must appear on the front hereof; any charge not on this purchase order will not be paid by 2. correspondence and acknowledgments.  all correspondence and acknowledgments shall be directed to the attention of buyer’s purchasing office, at the address listed on the face hereof. the only individuals authorized to act on buyer’s behalf are full-time purchasing personnel employed by buyer or currently appointed officers of 3. failure to deliver.  in the event of seller’s failure to deliver as herein specified, buyer reserves the right to (i) cancel this purchase order or any part thereof by written notice to seller, without prejudice to any other rights buyer may have, and (ii) if the articles are goods, to return part or all of any associated it is understood that time is of the essence. additionally, commencing three (3) days after the required delivery date, buyer may, at its sole discretion, deduct up to one-half percent (1/2%) of the amount due to seller for each day any items are late. 4. nonconforming articles.  buyer may reject or revoke acceptance of articles or any portion thereof (collectively, “nonconforming articles”) which, without limitation, are: (i) not timely delivered; (ii) not in conformity with this purchaser order or with any of buyer’s or seller’s quality control standards, specifications or descriptions communicated to the other party; (iii) defective; (iv) not in compliance with any sample provided by seller; or, (vi) not in compliance with law. without buyer’s prior written authorization, seller shall not ship nonconforming articles whether as an accommodation or otherwise. 5. seller’s ability to provide articles.  by accepting this purchase order, seller acknowledges that buyer is relying on seller’s special ability to obtain and supply the articles in the specified quantities and quality and further that buyer shall suffer consequential and incidental damages (which may include lost profits due to loss of sales), if seller fails to perform in accordance with this purchase order. buyer shall be entitled to recover such amounts in the event of seller’s 6. terms.  terms of payment, absent an authorized amendment hereto and except where seller offers superior terms or as otherwise provided on the face hereof, shall be 1% 10 days, net 45 days from date of buyer’s acceptance, which in the case of consumables does not occur until the articles have passed all relevant screening tests. payment is deemed made on the date on which payment is transmitted by buyer. if the articles are goods, payment may be delayed by buyer for the duration of any hold, ban, or detention imposed by any relevant government authority. 7. packing and shipping.  if shipping terms include pickup by buyer’s agent or shipping company or delivery to any location other than buyer’s facility, then buyer shall have the opportunity to inspect and approve or reject items after delivery to buyer’s facility. there will be no additional charge for boxing, crating, carting or storage, unless otherwise specified, and articles shall be suitably packed to secure lowest transportation costs. articles shall be described on bills of lading in accordance with current rail or motor freight classification. seller must provide only one packing list per purchase order, which shall accompany each shipment that relates to a purchase order. buyer’s purchase order number, quantity, and description must be plainly marked on all packing lists, packages, bills of lading, shipping orders, packing lists and correspondence. buyer shall only be liable to pay for quantity or yield ordered but may retain excess quantities shipped without its approval. all orders are f.o.b. place of destination unless buyer’s purchase order states otherwise. title to the articles shall remain with seller until buyer accepts the 8. warranty and compliance.  seller warrants that all articles shall conform to applicable specifications, drawings, descriptions, samples, and shall be merchantable, of good workmanship and materials, fit for the particular purpose or purposes for which intended, free from defect, claim encumbrance, or lien, and in compliance with law. seller warrants that the articles do not contain any ingredients or additives of any kind other than what is specifically disclosed to buyer in seller’s certificate(s) of analysis, including but not limited to any artificial flavorings, sweeteners, chemicals or substitutes that mimic, supplement, alter or enhance the primary articles/ingredients being supplied or that would constitute any attempt to engage in “economic adulteration.” seller warrants that no animals were used to test any ingredients or raw materials that are intended for or may be used in cosmetic products. seller warrants that the articles, including the trademarks used in connection therewith, as well as the claims and representations made by seller with respect thereto, and the manufacturing processes and structure of the articles, do not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third parties. seller warrants and certifies that its activities and those of its suppliers comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the country or countries in which seller or its suppliers do business including those concerning human trafficking and slavery as well as buyer’s code of ethics, as it may be amended from time to time. if articles delivered or services furnished herein do not meet the warranties specified herein or otherwise applicable, buyer may at its option return at seller’s expense the defective or nonconforming articles for credit or refund, or require seller to correct, at no cost to buyer, any defective or nonconforming article or buyer’s inspection, approval, acceptance, use of or payment for all or any part of articles shall in no way affect its warranty rights. 9. assignment and subcontract.  neither this purchase order nor any duty or right thereunder shall be delegated or assigned by seller without the prior written consent of buyer. any assignment not made in accordance with this paragraph is void and shall have no effect. 10. hazardous materials.  if any article supplied hereunder is required to have a material safety data sheet (msds) under applicable laws or regulations, then a copy of the current version must be submitted with each shipment of the article or be on file with buyer. 11. indemnity.   seller agrees to indemnify and hold buyer harmless from any and all losses, costs or expenses, including, but not limited to, government fines or assessments and reasonable legal fees and court costs incurred on account of or related to any breach by seller of any covenant, warranty or representation contained or referenced herein, or in any other document provided or produced by seller. at buyer’s option, seller shall defend buyer, at seller’s expense, in all suits or proceedings arising out of any of the foregoing, and/or reimburse buyer for its expenses and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs). buyer shall have the right to offset any loss, liability or damages suffered by buyer or any of its affiliates against any amounts owing to seller or any of seller’s affiliates. 12. intellectual property rights.  in the event any articles sold and delivered hereunder shall be covered by any patent, copyright, trademark, other intellectual property right, or application therefor owned by or licensed to seller and necessary for buyer to use or sell any article, seller shall inform buyer in writing of the nature of such right(s) and shall be deemed to have granted to buyer a license to use such rights in connection with the manufacture, sale, marketing, or distribution of those goods of buyer which incorporate the 13. advertising and endorsements.  seller shall not advertise, disclose, nor claim or imply endorsement in any way to any third party nor use any information whatever concerning this purchase order or buyer’s relationship with seller without express written permission from 14. miscellaneous.  buyer may at any time insist upon strict compliance with these terms and conditions, notwithstanding previous custom, practice or course of dealing to the contrary. identification of the articles shall occur at the moment this offer is accepted by seller. this purchase order contains the entire agreement of the parties. in the event of discrepancies, omissions, and/or errors in this purchase order, the matter shall be submitted immediately to buyer for determination. no waiver by buyer of any provision or of any obligation of seller, and no partial or single exercise thereof, shall constitute a waiver of any other provision or of any other of seller’s obligations. 15. liquidated damages.  in addition to other remedies provided for herein or at law or in equity, buyer may—as reasonable liquidated damages—(a) charge seller (who will pay) $50.00 for each breach by seller of any obligation hereunder (including but not limited to failure to provide a certificate of analysis, allergen statement, or material safety data sheet) or (b) deduct such amount from any payment otherwise due to seller. the parties acknowledge and agree the foregoing is not intended to be a penalty or punitive in any way but rather is a reasonable fee to help mitigate buyer’s damages for seller’s failure to perform as required hereunder. 16. venue.  the provisions of this purchase order and any contract arising here from as well as any dispute between buyer and seller with regard hereto or with regard to any other issue arising between them shall be governed by the laws of the state of utah, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws, and venue and jurisdiction for any proceeding regarding any such dispute, or to enforce or interpret this contract, shall lie exclusively in federal or state courts situated in salt lake city, utah. 17. definitions.  the term “buyer,” except as otherwise defined herein, means the entity identified on the face hereof that is issuing the purchase order. the term “seller” refers to the company or person(s) listed on the face of this purchase order and/or to whom this offer or counteroffer is extended and includes any entity who provides the articles or services purchased by buyer. the word “articles” means goods, products, materials, equipment, supplies, parts, assemblies, technical data, intellectual property, drawings, art work, dies, designs, engravings, services or other items covered by this purchase order. the term “purchase order” shall be understood to include these terms and conditions, the information on the face hereof (including any documents or standards referenced thereon or herein, or separately transmitted by buyer together with these terms and conditions or as part of the purchasing process) and any duly executed change orders and attachments. 18. provisions applicable to consumables.  in addition to the foregoing, the following provisions shall apply to articles that are intended for human or animal consumption or use (with the word “human” being replaced by “animal” to the extent the article is intended for animal consumption or use): seller represents and warrants that: (i) such articles will conform with claims made and specifications referenced on the corresponding label (to the extent that seller has been supplied a copy of such label or been made aware of the claims made on such label); (ii) such articles are and shall be fit for human consumption or use, and do not contain any substances or ingredients that may be harmful to a person who consumes or uses them; and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, seller warrants that the articles comprising each shipment or other delivery hereafter made by seller to buyer, as of the date of such shipment or delivery, shall: (i) if goods, not be adulterated, misbranded, unapproved new drugs or otherwise violative within the meaning of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act (hereafter “fdc act”), 21 u.s.c. 301 et seq.; (ii) have been formulated, manufactured, packaged, labeled, advertised, promoted, and handled in accordance with, and are otherwise in accordance with and not in violation of, all other applicable requirements of federal, state and local law; and (iii) otherwise not be an article that may not properly be introduced into commerce under the provisions of the fdc act or any other federal, state or local law and include or reference all required warnings. seller also warrants to buyer that all claims, representations and other statements about the articles that have been made by seller in labeling, advertising or other promotion for the articles are truthful, not misleading, and supported by valid substantiating data, and in addition, seller warrants to buyer that buyer may properly repeat in any labeling, advertising or other promotion for the articles, or for any product which includes the articles, any or all of the claims, representations or other statements about the articles that have been made by seller in its labeling, advertising or other promotion for the articles. furthermore, with respect to all such products, all shipments of raw materials or finished goods shall be accompanied by a current and accurate certificate of analysis, allergen statement, and material safety data sheet meeting buyer’s requirements. version 1.0 last updated 11/2021 ____ brandless intellectual property brandless brilliant beauty device u.s. design patent nos. d811,747; d875,319u.s. utility patent nos. 10,022,025; 10,213,065; 10,729,287chinese patent no. 109429484any patent granted that claims priority to pending u.s. patent application no. 16/035,026 (u.s. publication no. us2019/0014899)any patent granted in any country that claims priority to expired pct/us2018/042049 (wo2019/014573):· none filedany patent granted in any country that claims priority to pct/us2017/038197 (wo2017/201549), including any patent granted that claims priority to or is based on:· australian patent publication no. 2017267808;· brazilian patent publication no. 112018073783;· canadian patent publication no. 3024514a1;· european patent publication no. 3457984;· japanese patent publication no. 2019517288; or· korean patent publication no. 20190038478.trademarks:u.s. trademark no. 6,008,485eu trademark no. 017950179 _____________ brandless endorsement policy all brandless influencers must adhere to the following requirements: 1.     your posts must comply with the federal trade commission's (the "ftc") guides concerning endorsements and testimonials ("endorsement guides"), for which we provide you a link under standards of conducts below. you agree to participate in any training we require on our social media endorsement policy which is designed to ensure compliance with the endorsement guides. you must clearly and conspicuously disclose your "material connection" with us, making it clear that you are a paid influencer and have received free products or are being paid. you must place the disclosure in plain sight in close proximity to any audio or visual communications that you make about us, our brands, and our products. you may not bury the disclosure in a link or place the disclosure in a string of hashtags or other disclosures. we require this disclosure regardless of any space limitations of the platform (like twitter), where you can use hashtags for the disclosure (like #ad or #sponsored). 2.     your posts should only make factual statements about brandless and our products which you know for certain are true and can be proven or verified. 3.     although we want your posts to be authentic and based on your own opinions, beliefs, and experiences, your posts should rely on the campaign materials to accurately use our trademarks, describe the campaign, and describe our products. 4.     your posts will be original and created solely by you. 5.     your posts will not include the intellectual property of other parties, including any third-party music, photographs, artwork, trademarks, logos, or slogans. 6.     your posts will not include any person, or personally identifiable information about anyone, other than you unless you receive our prior written approval and have the persons at issue sign a release provided by us. 7.     your posts will comply with the rules of the applicable social media platforms. 8.     your posts will comply with our standards of conduct set out in exhibit b and any other policies we provide you. 9.     your posts will comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. standards of conduct with respect to promotional messages, photos, or other communications made on social media platforms about brandless and our products and brand, all influencers must adhere to the following standards: you must comply with the federal trade commission's (the "ftc") guides concerning endorsements and testimonials, including making: statements that reflect your honest beliefs, opinions, and experiences; and clear and conspicuous disclosure about your connection to us in all of your posts. to better understand your responsibilities under the endorsement guides, you must review: the ftc's endorsement guides: what people are asking. ftc: the do's and don'ts for social media influencers. ftc: disclosures 101 for social media influencers. ftc: do you endorse things on social media?. you may not: make deceptive or misleading claims about our products or our competitors' products or services; make any claims about our products or our competitors' products that are not backed up by evidence; disclose any of our confidential information; disparage brandless or our brands or products; engage in any communication that is defamatory or infringes upon the copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, or other intellectual property rights of others; offer for sale or solicit products on behalf of brandless; make offensive comments that have the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating or hostile environment; post content that promotes bigotry, racism, or discrimination based on race, gender, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age; use ethnic slurs, personal insults, obscenity, or other offensive language; and make any comments or post any content that in any way promotes unsafe activities that could lead to an unsafe situation involving brandless's consumers or other individuals. you must adhere to: the posted policies, guidelines, and terms of use on any platform on which you post content on behalf of brandless, understanding that any these platforms' disclosure requirements about your connection to us do not necessarily satisfy ftc disclosure requirements; and any additional guidelines provided by brandless, such as productor brand-specific program requirements and our social media endorsement policy. you must not create fake followers or engagement on social media platforms, such as: buying followers; using bots to grow audience size by automating account creation, following, commenting, and liking; or post fake sponsored content. __________ brandless endorsement policy all brandless influencers must adhere to the following requirements: 1.     your posts must comply with the federal trade commission's (the "ftc") guides concerning endorsements and testimonials ("endorsement guides"), for which we provide you a link under standards of conducts below. you agree to participate in any training we require on our social media endorsement policy which is designed to ensure compliance with the endorsement guides. you must clearly and conspicuously disclose your "material connection" with us, making it clear that you are a paid influencer and have received free products or are being paid. you must place the disclosure in plain sight in close proximity to any audio or visual communications that you make about us, our brands, and our products. you may not bury the disclosure in a link or place the disclosure in a string of hashtags or other disclosures. we require this disclosure regardless of any space limitations of the platform (like twitter), where you can use hashtags for the disclosure (like #ad or #sponsored). 2.     your posts should only make factual statements about brandless and our products which you know for certain are true and can be proven or verified. 3.     although we want your posts to be authentic and based on your own opinions, beliefs, and experiences, your posts should rely on the campaign materials to accurately use our trademarks, describe the campaign, and describe our products. 4.     your posts will be original and created solely by you. 5.     your posts will not include the intellectual property of other parties, including any third-party music, photographs, artwork, trademarks, logos, or slogans. 6.     your posts will not include any person, or personally identifiable information about anyone, other than you unless you receive our prior written approval and have the persons at issue sign a release provided by us. 7.     your posts will comply with the rules of the applicable social media platforms. 8.     your posts will comply with our standards of conduct set out in exhibit b and any other policies we provide you. 9.     your posts will comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. ____ standards of conduct with respect to promotional messages, photos, or other communications made on social media platforms about brandless and our products and brand, all influencers must adhere to the following standards: you must comply with the federal trade commission's (the "ftc") guides concerning endorsements and testimonials, including making: statements that reflect your honest beliefs, opinions, and experiences; and clear and conspicuous disclosure about your connection to us in all of your posts. to better understand your responsibilities under the endorsement guides, you must review: the ftc's endorsement guides: what people are asking. ftc: the do's and don'ts for social media influencers. ftc: disclosures 101 for social media influencers. ftc: do you endorse things on social media?. you may not: make deceptive or misleading claims about our products or our competitors' products or services; make any claims about our products or our competitors' products that are not backed up by evidence; disclose any of our confidential information; disparage brandless or our brands or products; engage in any communication that is defamatory or infringes upon the copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, or other intellectual property rights of others; offer for sale or solicit products on behalf of brandless; make offensive comments that have the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating or hostile environment; post content that promotes bigotry, racism, or discrimination based on race, gender, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age; use ethnic slurs, personal insults, obscenity, or other offensive language; and make any comments or post any content that in any way promotes unsafe activities that could lead to an unsafe situation involving brandless's consumers or other individuals. you must adhere to: the posted policies, guidelines, and terms of use on any platform on which you post content on behalf of brandless, understanding that any these platforms' disclosure requirements about your connection to us do not necessarily satisfy ftc disclosure requirements; and any additional guidelines provided by brandless, such as productor brand-specific program requirements and our social media endorsement policy. you must not create fake followers or engagement on social media platforms, such as: buying followers; using bots to grow audience size by automating account creation, following, commenting, and liking; or post fake sponsored content. _____ accessibility statement at brandless, we value all our customers, including those with disabilities. we are making it a priority to focus on maintaining and increasing the accessibility of our digital properties to ensure that persons with disabilities have full and equal enjoyment of our online goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and accommodations. accessibility contact information we welcome and invite feedback from visitors to our digital properties on how the accessibility of our digital properties can be improved. you may provide feedback or submit accessibility questions and problems by any of the following means: send an email to accessibility@brandless.com call us to provide feedback and speak to a representative knowledgeable about digital accessibility at the following number: +1 (888) 734-4424 brand less. live more.become an ambassador twitter facebook instagram email updated footer contact us & support brandless in the news sell your company affiliate program privacy brandless gift cards terms & conditions and other accessibility statement brandless is the wellness platform:like-minded brands featuring better-for-you products that help you: look, feel, live, and be your best.let’s connect help one another be a force for good. © 2022 brandless | all rights reserved. american express apple pay diners club discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay venmo visa what are you looking for? search close (x)