来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230070201/https://www.eloquii.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-eloquii-Site/default/Account-StartRegister
================================================================================

sites-eloquii-site create an account | sign in | wishlist | e-mail sign up | help cart:0 items view bag shopping bag sign up for eloquii news and offers send me special offers and news about events and announcements from eloquii by the limited * name {label:"name"} * email {label:"email"} follow us: sign up thank you for signing up! now that you're an insider, make sure you don't miss any exclusive offers or updates, copy and paste eloquii@e.eloquii.com into your address book now! you are one step away from creating your eloquii account! create account continue shopping eloquii $50 off $150 • use promo code gosave50 • plus new markdowns added! free shipping & returns! new arrivals by category sweaters dresses jackets & outerwear pants skirts tops & shirts accessories jewelry by shape diamond your waist is fuller than your bust and hips. teardrop your bust is relatively smaller than your hips, and your hips are at least 10 inches larger than your waist. heart your bust is fuller than your waist, and your waist is fuller than your hips. infinity your bust and hips are similar in size, and your waist is less than 10 inches smaller than your hips. emerald you are relatively straight up and down from bust to waist to hips. take the shape my style quiz to receive personal styling suggestions. by color natural teal white green orange beige khaki off white red brown grey navy black purple silver yellow blue pink print and stripes shop the collection by category sweaters dresses suits jackets & outerwear pants skirts tops & shirts jeans accessories jewelry legwear & intimates sale by shape diamond your waist is fuller than your bust and hips. teardrop your bust is relatively smaller than your hips, and your hips are at least 10 inches larger than your waist. heart your bust is fuller than your waist, and your waist is fuller than your hips. infinity your bust and hips are similar in size, and your waist is less than 10 inches smaller than your hips. emerald you are relatively straight up and down from bust to waist to hips. take the shape my style quiz to receive personal styling suggestions. by color bronze medium wash dark wash khaki white natural orange navy gold off white teal beige yellow silver brown pink red blue green grey purple print and stripes black get the look must haves shape my style eloquii story sale search go home >create an account create an account personal information * first name {label:"first name"} * last name {label:"last name"} * email {label:"email"} * confirm email {label:"confirm email"} phone {label:"phone"} format: 333-333-3333 security information * password {label:"password"} * confirm password {label:"confirm password"} email sign up please add me to the eloquii email list. eloquii does not share or sell personal info. see privacy policy save privacy & security privacy policy this privacy policy applies only to the information collected online by eloquii.com, its parent and affiliates. welcome! this privacy policy is intended to explain what types of information we collect about you, and how we use and share that information. one section of this privacy policy also addresses what happens with information we collect on eloquii pages on social media sites, such as facebook, twitter, and youtube ("social media pages"). what type of information does eloquii.com collect online? what type of information does eloquii collect on pages it has on social media sites? how does eloquii.com use the information collected online? what information does eloquii.com share with third parties? visitors from outside the u.s. cookies updating your personal information privacy of children on our website links to other websites and services updates to privacy policy security statement questions or concerns what type of information does eloquii.com collect online? 1. general browsing: eloquii.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our website and information about the technical efficiencies of our website and services (i.e., time to connect to our website, time to download pages, etc.). this information allows us to see which areas of our website are most visited and helps us better understand our visitors' experiences at eloquii.com. with the navigational information, we can improve the quality of our website by recognizing and delivering more of the features, areas and services our visitors prefer. in the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider and ip address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of our website. 2. collection of personal information: eloquii.com may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an account on this site, sign up to receive emails or texts from eloquii by the limited or other marketing materials, make a purchase, create or update your wish list, send items to a friend, view your order history, participate in contests and surveys, submit a career profile or contact us. you should be aware that eloquii.com is a brand owned by the limited, so the limited will have access to the information collected on eloquii.com. categories of personal information collected online include name, billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, mobile number, credit card information, resume information and any other information you choose to provide us. back to top what type of information does eloquii collect on pages it has on social media sites? personal information may be collected directly by eloquii through social media pages and may also be collected by the social media site hosting eloquii social media page. personal information collected directly by eloquii: the collection of personal information directly by eloquii on its social media pages will include the type of information addressed under "collection of personal information" above. examples of how personal information may be directly collected on eloquii social media pages include providing information through an application or form which has a link to this privacy policy. we will use and share the information we collect on our social media pages in the manner specified below in how does eloquii.com use the information collected online? and in what information does eloquii.com share with third parties? personal information collected by the social media sites: this privacy policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which eloquii has social media pages. please review privacy policies and terms of service on the social media sites if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices. the social media sites where eloquii has its social media pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to eloquii about visitors' use of our social media pages. this allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of our social media pages, and interaction with content on our social media pages. overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of visitors and users of our social media pages and use of the content. back to top how does eloquii.com use the information collected online? eloquii.com uses the information you provide to: deliver products that you have ordered, contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty, deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us about our products or website, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase send information about events, surveys, promotions and possibly contests to you, tailor your experience on our website to your interests, develop our products, services, and website, and respond to your inquiries. eloquii.com is a brand of the limited, so the limited will have access to your information and may use it to deliver information about products of the limited to you through the various channels that you provide on eloquii.com. if you have set up an account at this site, you may save personal information in that account, such as name and shipping information, and we will access this saved information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we require you to create and/or access your account to use various services on the website, such as accessing your order history and creating a wish list. because you must create or access your account prior to using these services, it is possible that we could associate you with the information you provide through these services. we will use the information you provide in a career profile, including in your resume, to assist in your goal of becoming an associate with eloquii by the limited and, if hired, we will use the information submitted for employment and business-related purposes. with respect to emails and, if you consent to receive text messages, eloquii by the limited will send you exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of emails or text messages from eloquii by the limited, please follow the removal instructions located at the end of each message. please note, however, that your request not to receive email information will not preclude us from contacting you by email or otherwise regarding questions we have about your purchase and other operational emails, such as shipping information. eloquii uses the information collected on its social media pages to send communications regarding our products, services, and promotions; to respond to your inquiries; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes or contests; to analyze your activity on our social media pages and to develop our products and services. back to top what information does eloquii.com share with third parties? we may use third party vendors to assist us with this website and our e-commerce business. some examples of the assistance that may be provided by third party service providers are: monitoring and analyzing site activity, hosting the website, assisting us with our social media pages, processing orders, running promotions and events and surveys, maintaining our database, providing store locator services, processing employment applications, and administering and monitoring emails. it is possible that some of these service providers will be located outside of the united states. we may make names and addresses collected online available to other companies not affiliated with eloquii.com. if you do not wish to have your name and address shared with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to eloquii.com) please call us at 1-855-356-7844. the information you provide when you make a purchase at eloquii.com (for example, name, address, credit card) will be added to a database and may be used to provide names and addresses to other companies. if you would prefer that we not share your name and mailing address with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to eloquii.com) please call us at 1-855-356-7844. if you provide us your email address, provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing emails from us, your email address may also be shared with other companies not affiliated with eloquii.com, so that those businesses may send you information about their products. when you send an email from eloquii.com to a friend, we will send your selected recipient your email address, message, and your selected outfit or item(s). we may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from eloquii.com. there is a possibility that eloquii by the limited or the limited could merge with, acquire, or be acquired by another business entity. if such an action occurs, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared with this entity, and may also be retained by eloquii by the limited. you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our website, the site or the public. back to top visitors from outside the u.s. if you are visiting eloquii.com from a location outside of the u.s., your connection will be through and to servers located in the u.s. all information you provide to eloquii.com will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s. with respect to personal information you provide to eloquii on its social media pages, once received from the social media sites, it is maintained and processed by us on servers and internal systems located in the united states. back to top cookies eloquii.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie. a cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by eloquii.com to help track clicks and pass information as you go through the pages within our website. we may also use cookies to tell us whether eloquii.com has been previously visited by you or someone using your computer, what products you may have viewed or added to your shopping cart, and to assist in the administration of your use of features and programs on our site. we may use cookies and a technology known as clear gifs which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and to provide you a more personalized experience. some of the cookies we use may be "flash" cookies or adobe® cookies. you can control flash cookies (these are similar to traditional cookies, but reside in adobe flash player rather than your browser and thus will not be affected by any browser setting changes you make) by going to http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html and following the instructions on that page. we may elect to use third party advertising companies to serve our advertisements and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies when you choose to visit and when you visit eloquii.com. these companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about eloquii by the limited's products and services on this and other websites. these companies may also provide information to us which we would use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. advertisements displayed to you on our websites and elsewhere on the web may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on information learned about you as you use our websites and the web in general. sometimes, these ads may contain small graphics with "tags" in them. these tags tell us how many people respond to our ads. they do not identify you personally. if you do not want to receive these advertisements, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to opt-out. we will use a program that will place cookies on your computer to collect information on our behalf. the information that will be collected through these cookies will educate us on such things as search engine referral, ip address, how you navigate around our site, traffic driven by banner ads, responses to email, unique visitor identification, and product browsing. we will use this information and analysis to assist us in better understanding the interests of visitors to eloquii.com and to better serve those interests, including providing emails aimed at interests you expressed on our site. through the use of privacy settings on your browser it is possible (depending on the browser version) to block cookies. some parts of the website may not operate correctly if you disable cookies, and you may not be able to take advantage of some of the website's features. back to top updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your eloquii.com account by logging in. back to top privacy of children on our web site to ensure compliance with federal law, eloquii.com does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. back to top links to other web sites and services for your convenience, our web site may contain links to other web sites. eloquii.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products or the content of such web sites. links that appear on eloquii.com should not necessarily be deemed to imply that eloquii.com endorses or has any affiliation with the linked web sites. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies of each site you visit. back to top updates to privacy policy as eloquii.com continues to offer visitors new and different types of content and services, eloquii.com may modify its information collection, use or disclosure practices. should there be a material change to our information collection, use or disclosure practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy. back to top security statement eloquii.com has imposed confidentiality obligations on its service providers who will have access to the personal information collected on this site. in addition, we have implemented administrative, technical and physical measures to address the confidentiality of personal information collected on this website. while we implement the above security measures for this website, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. back to top questions or concerns if you have additional questions or would like more information on this topic, please feel free to contact us at: limited stores client relations po box 182651 columbus, oh 43218-2651 privacypolicy@eloquii.com back to top this privacy policy was last updated august 4, 2011. benefits of joining create an account to enjoy faster checkout, view order history and save items to your wishlist. https://www.eloquii.com/on/demandware.store/sites-eloquii-site/default/sizechart-start?cid=tops customer service order tracking size chart shape my style our company press  privacy ca privacy policy site map t&cs follow us © 2012, limited stores, llc - all rights reserved - plus size clothing for women