来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121221210337/http://www.eloquii.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-eloquii-Site/default/CustomerService-ContactUs
================================================================================

contact us | customer service | eloquii by the limited eloquii by the limited womens clothing store shop now unlimited styles for day, for night, for life. sizes 00-16. plus size clothing shop now shape flattering. perfectly fitting. introducing eloquii plus fashions by the limited. best of all, shop both stores and purchase all your items from one convenient cart. email sign up wish list create account log in 30% off regular-priced items extra 25% off all markdowns redeem your e-cash for $25 off a $50 purchase free shipping on orders of $100 extra 20% off outlet styles cart:0 items view bag shopping bag new arrivals dresses tops & shirts sweaters pants jeans skirts jackets & outerwear belts accessories jewelry dresses date & cocktail dresses work & day dresses wrap dresses tops tops & shirts tunics classic shirts layering knits & tanks sweaters & cardigans jackets & outerwear pants, jeans & skirts pants jeans skirts leggings accessories belts handbags scarves jewelry shapewear & bras legwear shape my style trends we sale tops, shirts & tunics sweaters & cardigans dresses jackets outerwear pants jeans skirts belts accessories jewelry outlet search go customer service your orderplace an ordercoupons & promotionsprices & taxesyour accountyour accountshipping informationshipping rates & timeframesapo & fpo shippinginternational shippingreturns & exchangesreturn & exchange policyprice adjustmentssize & fitsize & fitgifts & gift cardsgift cardsvirtual gift card purchaseredemption instructionsgift card terms and conditionscontact uscontact usour companyour companysocial responsibilitycode of conductfaqstop questions askedeloquii specific questionsorder informationshopping onlinepromotions & mailingspaypalprivacy & securityprivacy policytext message policyca privacy policylegal noticesterms of useratings & reviewsreview guidelinesterms & conditionspayment methodspayment methodsaffiliate programlinksharestore locatorstore locator home >customer service >contact us contact us email us many answers can be found in our faq section. if you are unable to locate an answer, please contact us using the form below. your inquiry is important to us; we typically respond within two business days. *required fields * first name {label:"first name"} * last name {label:"last name"} * email {label:"email"} * telephone {label:"telephone"} order number {label:"order number"} (or store location) * subject please select order inquiries / tracking merchandise feedback and inquiries the limited card inquiries in-store feedback online returns & exchanges in-store returns & exchanges gift card/virtual gift card technical issues website feedback add, update or remove: emails, mailings, call list hr/careers press/media inquiries {label:"subject"} * comments {label:"comments"} privacy policy | terms & conditions send 1-855-eloquii 1-855-356-7844 phone options menu eloquii by the limited gift cards orders placed online or in the store the limited credit card store-related questions contact by mail store related: eloquii p.o. box 182651 columbus, oh 43218-2651 privacy & security privacy policy this privacy policy applies only to the information collected online by eloquii.com, its parent and affiliates. welcome! this privacy policy is intended to explain what types of information we collect about you, and how we use and share that information. one section of this privacy policy also addresses what happens with information we collect on eloquii pages on social media sites, such as facebook, twitter, and youtube ("social media pages"). what type of information does eloquii.com collect online? what type of information does eloquii collect on pages it has on social media sites? how does eloquii.com use the information collected online? what information does eloquii.com share with third parties? visitors from outside the u.s. cookies updating your personal information privacy of children on our website links to other websites and services updates to privacy policy security statement questions or concerns what type of information does eloquii.com collect online? 1. general browsing: eloquii.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our website and information about the technical efficiencies of our website and services (i.e., time to connect to our website, time to download pages, etc.). this information allows us to see which areas of our website are most visited and helps us better understand our visitors' experiences at eloquii.com. with the navigational information, we can improve the quality of our website by recognizing and delivering more of the features, areas and services our visitors prefer. in the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider and ip address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of our website. 2. collection of personal information: eloquii.com may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an account on this site, sign up to receive emails or texts from eloquii by the limited or other marketing materials, make a purchase, create or update your wish list, send items to a friend, view your order history, participate in contests and surveys, submit a career profile or contact us. you should be aware that eloquii.com is a brand owned by the limited, so the limited will have access to the information collected on eloquii.com. categories of personal information collected online include name, billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, mobile number, credit card information, resume information and any other information you choose to provide us. back to top what type of information does eloquii collect on pages it has on social media sites? personal information may be collected directly by eloquii through social media pages and may also be collected by the social media site hosting eloquii social media page. personal information collected directly by eloquii: the collection of personal information directly by eloquii on its social media pages will include the type of information addressed under "collection of personal information" above. examples of how personal information may be directly collected on eloquii social media pages include providing information through an application or form which has a link to this privacy policy. we will use and share the information we collect on our social media pages in the manner specified below in how does eloquii.com use the information collected online? and in what information does eloquii.com share with third parties? personal information collected by the social media sites: this privacy policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which eloquii has social media pages. please review privacy policies and terms of service on the social media sites if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices. the social media sites where eloquii has its social media pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to eloquii about visitors' use of our social media pages. this allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of our social media pages, and interaction with content on our social media pages. overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of visitors and users of our social media pages and use of the content. back to top how does eloquii.com use the information collected online? eloquii.com uses the information you provide to: deliver products that you have ordered, contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty, deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us about our products or website, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase send information about events, surveys, promotions and possibly contests to you, tailor your experience on our website to your interests, develop our products, services, and website, and respond to your inquiries. eloquii.com is a brand of the limited, so the limited will have access to your information and may use it to deliver information about products of the limited to you through the various channels that you provide on eloquii.com. if you have set up an account at this site, you may save personal information in that account, such as name and shipping information, and we will access this saved information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we require you to create and/or access your account to use various services on the website, such as accessing your order history and creating a wish list. because you must create or access your account prior to using these services, it is possible that we could associate you with the information you provide through these services. we will use the information you provide in a career profile, including in your resume, to assist in your goal of becoming an associate with eloquii by the limited and, if hired, we will use the information submitted for employment and business-related purposes. with respect to emails and, if you consent to receive text messages, eloquii by the limited will send you exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of emails or text messages from eloquii by the limited, please follow the removal instructions located at the end of each message. please note, however, that your request not to receive email information will not preclude us from contacting you by email or otherwise regarding questions we have about your purchase and other operational emails, such as shipping information. eloquii uses the information collected on its social media pages to send communications regarding our products, services, and promotions; to respond to your inquiries; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes or contests; to analyze your activity on our social media pages and to develop our products and services. back to top what information does eloquii.com share with third parties? we may use third party vendors to assist us with this website and our e-commerce business. some examples of the assistance that may be provided by third party service providers are: monitoring and analyzing site activity, hosting the website, assisting us with our social media pages, processing orders, running promotions and events and surveys, maintaining our database, providing store locator services, processing employment applications, and administering and monitoring emails. it is possible that some of these service providers will be located outside of the united states. we may make names and addresses collected online available to other companies not affiliated with eloquii.com. if you do not wish to have your name and address shared with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to eloquii.com) please call us at 1-855-356-7844. the information you provide when you make a purchase at eloquii.com (for example, name, address, credit card) will be added to a database and may be used to provide names and addresses to other companies. if you would prefer that we not share your name and mailing address with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to eloquii.com) please call us at 1-855-356-7844. if you provide us your email address, provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing emails from us, your email address may also be shared with other companies not affiliated with eloquii.com, so that those businesses may send you information about their products. when you send an email from eloquii.com to a friend, we will send your selected recipient your email address, message, and your selected outfit or item(s). we may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from eloquii.com. there is a possibility that eloquii by the limited or the limited could merge with, acquire, or be acquired by another business entity. if such an action occurs, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared with this entity, and may also be retained by eloquii by the limited. you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our website, the site or the public. back to top visitors from outside the u.s. if you are visiting eloquii.com from a location outside of the u.s., your connection will be through and to servers located in the u.s. all information you provide to eloquii.com will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s. with respect to personal information you provide to eloquii on its social media pages, once received from the social media sites, it is maintained and processed by us on servers and internal systems located in the united states. back to top cookies eloquii.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie. a cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by eloquii.com to help track clicks and pass information as you go through the pages within our website. we may also use cookies to tell us whether eloquii.com has been previously visited by you or someone using your computer, what products you may have viewed or added to your shopping cart, and to assist in the administration of your use of features and programs on our site. we may use cookies and a technology known as clear gifs which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and to provide you a more personalized experience. some of the cookies we use may be "flash" cookies or adobe® cookies. you can control flash cookies (these are similar to traditional cookies, but reside in adobe flash player rather than your browser and thus will not be affected by any browser setting changes you make) by going to http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html and following the instructions on that page. we may elect to use third party advertising companies to serve our advertisements and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies when you choose to visit and when you visit eloquii.com. these companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about eloquii by the limited's products and services on this and other websites. these companies may also provide information to us which we would use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. advertisements displayed to you on our websites and elsewhere on the web may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on information learned about you as you use our websites and the web in general. sometimes, these ads may contain small graphics with "tags" in them. these tags tell us how many people respond to our ads. they do not identify you personally. if you do not want to receive these advertisements, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to opt-out. we will use a program that will place cookies on your computer to collect information on our behalf. the information that will be collected through these cookies will educate us on such things as search engine referral, ip address, how you navigate around our site, traffic driven by banner ads, responses to email, unique visitor identification, and product browsing. we will use this information and analysis to assist us in better understanding the interests of visitors to eloquii.com and to better serve those interests, including providing emails aimed at interests you expressed on our site. through the use of privacy settings on your browser it is possible (depending on the browser version) to block cookies. some parts of the website may not operate correctly if you disable cookies, and you may not be able to take advantage of some of the website's features. back to top updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your eloquii.com account by logging in. back to top privacy of children on our website to ensure compliance with federal law, eloquii.com does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. back to top links to other websites and services for your convenience, our web site may contain links to other web sites. eloquii.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products or the content of such web sites. links that appear on eloquii.com should not necessarily be deemed to imply that eloquii.com endorses or has any affiliation with the linked web sites. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies of each site you visit. back to top updates to privacy policy as eloquii.com continues to offer visitors new and different types of content and services, eloquii.com may modify its information collection, use or disclosure practices. should there be a material change to our information collection, use or disclosure practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy. back to top security statement eloquii.com has imposed confidentiality obligations on its service providers who will have access to the personal information collected on this site. in addition, we have implemented administrative, technical and physical measures to address the confidentiality of personal information collected on this website. while we implement the above security measures for this website, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. back to top questions or concerns if you have additional questions or would like more information on this topic, please feel free to contact us at: limited stores client relations po box 182651 columbus, oh 43218-2651 privacypolicy@eloquii.com back to top this privacy policy was last updated august 4, 2011. privacy & security terms of use please read these terms and conditions of use (referred to as terms and conditions in this document) carefully before using this web site or submitting text, artwork, photographs, product ideas, video, audio, and images that you generate. these terms and conditions apply to all visitors to or users of the eloquii web site, the home page of which is at eloquii.com (this "website"). in addition, we have specific terms of use for customer product reviews which can be found by clicking here. your use of this website confirms your unconditional acceptance of the following terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this website. 1. copyright notice and use of website. the design of this website and all text, graphics, information, content, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from this website are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws and may not be used except as permitted in these terms and conditions or with prior written permission of the owner of such material. the contents (including without limitation, the look and feel, all text, photographs, images, video and audio) of this website are © 2011, eloquii by the limited, a division of the limited or its respective affiliates and suppliers. all rights reserved. you may not modify the information or materials displayed on or that can be downloaded from this website in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such information or materials for any public or commercial purpose. you may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit this website. any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations and is prohibited. in the event of a violation of these laws and regulations, eloquii by the limited reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity. eloquii by the limited reserves the right to block or deny access to the website to anyone at any time for any reason. 2. trademarks. eloquii by the limited is a division of the limited, and as a result, eloquii by the limited, the limited and its affiliated companies ("we") retain all rights regarding their trademarks, trade names, brand names and trade dress. these marks, names or trade dress, and all associated logos or images, are registered and/or common law trademarks of eloquii by the limited, the limited and its affiliates and are protected by u.s. and international laws and treaties. no license to the use of such marks, names or trade dress is granted to you under these terms and conditions or by your use of the website. your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the website is strictly prohibited. you are also advised that we will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of civil remedies and criminal prosecution. 3. user submissions. the website permits the submission of user-submitted ratings and reviews and may permit the submission of other user-submitted text, artwork, photographs, product ideas, video, audio, and images ("user submissions"). you understand that such user submissions may be accessed and viewed by others, including by the general public, and, whether or not such user submissions are published, eloquii by the limited and the limited do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any user submissions. you are solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of publishing them on the website. by submitting user submissions, you hereby grant to eloquii by the limited and the limited an unrestricted, nonexclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable and irrevocable license and right, but not the obligation, to use, edit, alter, copy, reproduce, disclose, display, publish, remove, prepare derivative works from, perform, distribute, exhibit, broadcast, or otherwise exploit the user submissions, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology, now known or hereafter developed including, without limitation, broadcast and cable television, radio, mobile transmission, and the internet, for any purpose whatsoever including, without limitation, advertising, promotion, entertainment or commercial purposes, without any payment to or further authorization by you. under the license granted herein, eloquii by the limited and the limited shall be free to use any ideas or concepts contained in the user submissions without further attribution, compensation or notice to you. neither eloquii by the limited nor the limited endorse any user submissions or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein. eloquii by the limited and the limited reserve the right to determine in its sole discretion whether user submissions are appropriate and comply with these terms and conditions , including without limitation, the prohibited uses of website and services, review guidelines and other applicable rules and restrictions and whether or not to allow the uploading and/or removal of any user submissions. in connection with user submissions, you affirm, represent, and warrant to eloquii by the limited and the limited that: (i) the content of your user submission(s) is original (no lifts from previously published material, including music); (ii) you own all right, title and interest to your user submission(s) and have the sole and exclusive right (including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights embodied by the user submissions or represented by such user submissions) to license all of the rights therein to eloquii by the limited and the limited as set forth in the license granted above; (iii) use of your user submission(s) on the website or otherwise by eloquii by the limited or the limited, in whole or in part, will not infringe upon the rights of any third party including, without limitation, any intellectual property or privacy rights; and (iv) you have obtained written permission from any other person named, photographed or otherwise depicted or whose voice is used in your user submission(s) which will allow eloquii by the limited or the limited to utilize the user submission(s) without compensation. for clarity, eloquii by the limited and the limited obtain the license above, but do not claim ownership of your user submissions. 4. prohibited uses of website and services. you shall not post, transmit, redistribute, upload, or promote any communications, content or materials that (a) contain corrupted files, viruses, or any other similar software files, the intent of which is to damage the operation of another's computer; (b) are unlawful, threatening, harassing, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, hateful, profane, indecent, racially or ethnically derogatory, or otherwise objectionable; (c) contain chain letters or pyramid schemes; (d) contain any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other forms of solicitation to other users, individuals or entities; (e) includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers; (f) impersonate any person, business or entity, including our company and our employees and agents; (g) encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense; (h) give rise to civil liability; (i) otherwise violate any law (including, but not limited to, those governing consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); or (j) in doing so, amounts to any conduct that, in the judgment of eloquii by the limited, restricts, impairs, interferes or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the website and/or our related services and products. you shall not use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from the website and services, unless expressly permitted by eloquii by the limited. 5. notice of copyright infringement. eloquii by the limited does not permit copyright infringing activities on the website, and eloquii by the limited may remove any user submissions or other materials if properly informed that any such user submissions or other materials infringe on another's copyright rights. eloquii by the limited will terminate a user's ability to submit user submissions if, under appropriate circumstances, such user is determined to be a repeat infringer. if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user submissions or other material infringes upon your copyrights, you may notify eloquii by the limited by providing the following information in writing: a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists; identification of the user submission or other material that is claimed to be infringing and a description of the infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit eloquii by the limited to locate the same; information reasonably sufficient to permit eloquii by the limited to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the user submission or other material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed. our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: legal department attn: marla goins-hipsher eloquii by the limited 7775 walton parkway new albany, oh 43054 you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements above, your notice may not be valid. 6. products, content and specifications. all features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on this website, are subject to change at any time without notice. certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. eloquii by the limited makes all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of its products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. the inclusion of any products or services on this website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. all dvds, cds and similar products sold are for private, home use (where no admission fee is charged), non-public performance and may not be duplicated. 7. shipping limitations. when an order is placed, it will be shipped to the address designated by the purchaser as long as that shipping address is compliant with the shipping restrictions contained on this website. all purchases from this website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. as a result, it may be necessary for you to file claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments. 8. accuracy of information. we attempt to ensure that information on this website is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, the information on this website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on this website. for example, products included on this website may be unavailable, quantities may be limited and may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on this website. in addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. while it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. we reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. we also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. 9. linking to this website. creating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on this website without our prior written permission is prohibited. running or displaying this website or any information or material displayed on this website in frames or through similar means on another website without our prior written permission is prohibited. any permitted links to this website must comply will all applicable laws, rule and regulations. 10. special notice. we have a no-tolerance policy regarding the use of our trademarks or names in meta tags and/or hidden text. specifically, the use of our trademarks or names in meta tag keywords is trademark infringement, and the use of trademarks or names in page text, meta tags, and/or hidden text for purposes of gaining higher rankings from search engines is unfair competition. linking to any eloquii.com web page is prohibited absent express written permission from eloquii by the limited. framing, inline linking or other association of the eloquii.com website or its or its suppliers software or html code, scripts, text, artwork, photographs, images, video, and audio with links, advertisements and/or other information not originating from the eloquii.com website is expressly prohibited. one or more patents may apply to this website, including without limitation: u.s. patent nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142. 11. third party links. periodically, links may be established from this website to one or more external websites or resources operated by third parties (the "third party sites"). these links are provided for your convenience only. in addition, certain third party sites also may provide links to the eloquii.com website. none of these links should be deemed to imply that eloquii by the limited endorses the third party sites or any content therein. eloquii by the limited does not control and is not responsible or liable for any third party sites or any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such third party sites. access to any third party site is at your own risk and eloquii by the limited will have no liability arising out of or related to such websites and/or their content or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any purchase, use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such third party site. 12. your account. you may choose to create an account at our website. if you do, you will have an email address and password for your account. to protect your account, you should choose a username and password different than names, birthdays, or street addresses associated with you. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. 13. disclaimers. your use of this site is at your risk. the information, materials and services provided on or through this website are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement of intellectual property. neither eloquii by the limited, the limited, its suppliers, nor any of their respective affiliates warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, materials or services provided on or through this website. the information, materials and services provided on or through this website may be out of date, and neither eloquii by the limited, the limited, its suppliers, nor any of their respective affiliates makes any commitment or assumes any duty to update such information, materials or services. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. all products and services purchased on or through this website are subject only to any applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, we hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased on or through this website. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation. we make no warranties to those defined as "consumers" in the magnuson-moss warranty federal trade commission improvements act. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. 14. limitations of liability. in no event will eloquii by the limited, the limited or our suppliers assume any responsibility, or be liable, for any damages to, or any viruses that may infect, your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this website, or your downloading of any information or materials from this website. in no event will eloquii by the limited, the limited or any of our respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns, nor any party involved in the creation, production or transmission of this website or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns, be liable to you or anyone else for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this website, any websites linked to this website, or the materials, information or services contained on any or all such websites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitations of liability do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. in the event of any problem with this website or any content, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using this website. in the event of any problem with the products or services that you have purchased on or through this website, you agree that your sole remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer's or supplier's warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and refunds policies posted on this website. 15. revisions to these terms and conditions. these terms and conditions may be revised at any time and from time to time by updating this posting. you agree to assume the responsibility to visit this page from time to time to review the then current terms and conditions because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this website. your continued use of this website after any changes to these terms and conditions are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes. 16. choice of law; jurisdiction. these terms and conditions supersede any other agreement between you and eloquii by the limited to the extent necessary to resolve any inconsistency or ambiguity between them. these terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of ohio, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to this website will be brought only in the courts of the state of ohio or the united states district court for the southern district of ohio. a printed version of these terms and conditions will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms and conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. 17. termination. you or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this website at any time, your ability to submit product reviews or ratings or your use of this website at any time, for any reason or for no reason. you are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred prior to termination. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of this website at any time without notice. 18. entire agreement. these terms and conditions serve as the entire understanding and agreement regarding the subject matter of these terms. if any provision of these terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you and eloquii by the limited agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these terms and conditions remain in full force and effect. 19. electronic notice. you agree to transact with us and receive all notices regarding the website electronically. eloquii by the limited will provide notices by posting them on website, or, in some cases, eloquii by the limited may provide notice by email to users with accounts. to receive electronic notices, you must have access to the internet, an internet browser that can access the website and/or access to the email address you provided to us. you will need a printer attached to your personal computer to print any notices. you can retrieve an electronic copy and a printable version of the terms and conditions by clicking on the "t&cs " link at eloquii.com. you may withdraw your consent to receive notices electronically by discontinuing your use of the website. last updated: october 2011 shop tops & shirts sweaters dresses jackets & outerwear pants jeans skirts sale suits accessories jewelry legwear lookbook trends we heart about eloquii our company in the press eloquii story shape my style size & fit faqs ratings & reviews gift cards customer service order tracking store locator shipping information returns & exchanges terms of use need help? contact us privacy policy ca privacy policy text message policy legal notices affiliate program site map become an eloquii insider subscribe and get 15% off your next purchase! sign up © 2013 limited stores, llc - all rights reserved - plus size clothing for women follow us sign up for eloquii news and offers and get 15% off your first purchase! send me special offers and news about events and announcements from eloquii by the limited. * email sign up http://www.eloquii.com/on/demandware.store/sites-eloquii-site/default/sizechart-start?cid=tops