来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131219123205/http://eloquii.com/
================================================================================

eloquii | your destination for contemporary fashion - sizes 14 to 24 | coming early spring 2014 eloquii your destination for contemporary fashion — sizes 14 to 24 early spring 2014 we went away for a sec. but you wanted us back. (and, like you, we respond very well to being wanted.) we'll have lots to celebrate together — soon enough. for now — see you in the front row! — your friends at eloquii be first to know submit customerservice@eloquii.com terms & conditions privacy policy © 2013, eloquii design, inc. terms of use effective as of november 29, 2013 eloquii design, inc. ("eloquii", "we", "us" or "our") welcomes you. we're really excited that you have decided to access and use our website. we provide our website to you subject to the following terms of use, which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. by browsing the public areas or by accessing and using the website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions of these terms of use and the terms and conditions of our privacy policy, which are hereby incorporated by reference (collectively, this "agreement"). if you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use the website. capitalized terms not defined in these terms of use shall have the meaning set forth in our privacy policy. 1.​community guidelines the eloquii community, like any community, functions best when its people follow a few simple rules. by accessing and/or using the website, you hereby agree to comply with these community rules and that: you will not use the website for any unlawful purpose; you will not access or use the website to collect any market research for a competing business; you will not use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download or scrape data from the website, except for internet search engines (e.g., google) and non-commercial public archives (e.g., archive.org) that comply with our robots.txt file; you will not interfere with or attempt to interrupt the proper operation of the website through the use of any virus, device, information collection or transmission mechanism, software or routine, or access or attempt to gain access to any data, files, or passwords related to the website through hacking, password or data mining, or any other means; and you will not cover, obscure, block, or in any way interfere with any advertisements and/or safety features (e.g., report abuse button) on the website. we reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to deny you access to the website, or any portion of the website, without notice, and to remove any comments that do not adhere to these guidelines. 2.​intellectual property the website contains material, such as software, text, graphics, images, sound recordings, audiovisual works, and other material provided by or on behalf of eloquii (collectively referred to as the "content"). the content may be owned by us or by third parties. the content is protected under both united states and foreign laws. unauthorized use of the content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. you have no rights in or to the content, and you will not use the content except as permitted under this agreement. no other use is permitted without prior written consent from us. you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original content on any copy you make of the content. you may not sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify the content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of, distribute, or otherwise use the content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. the use or posting of the content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited. if you violate any part of this agreement, your permission to access and/or use the content and the website automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the content. the trademarks, service marks, and logos of eloquii (the "eloquii trademarks") used and displayed on the website are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of eloquii. other company, product, and service names located on the website may be trademarks or service marks owned by others (the "third-party trademarks", and, collectively with the eloquii trademarks, the "trademarks"). nothing on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use the trademarks, without our prior written permission specific for each such use. use of the trademarks as part of a link to or from any site is prohibited unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by us in writing. all goodwill generated from the use of eloquii trademarks inures to our benefit. elements of the website are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and other state and federal laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part, by any means, including but not limited to the use of framing or mirrors. none of the content may be retransmitted without our express, written consent for each and every instance. 3.​communications to us although we encourage you to e-mail us, we do not want you to, and you should not, e-mail us any content that contains confidential information. with respect to all e-mails you send to us, including but not limited to, feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, and the like, we shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in your communications for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the development, production and marketing of products and services that incorporate such information. 4.​no warranties/limitation of liability we make no warranties or representations about the content or the website. we shall not be subject to liability for any delays or interruptions of the website from whatever cause. you agree that you use the content and the website at your own risk. we do not warrant that the website will operate error-free or that the website, the servers, or the content are free of computer viruses or similar contamination or destructive features. if your use of the content or the website results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, we shall not be responsible for those costs. the content and the website are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any warranties of any kind. we disclaim all warranties, including, but not limited to, the warranty of title, merchantability, non-infringement of third parties' rights, and fitness for particular purpose. in no event shall we be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the content or the website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or any other legal theory, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. some states do not allow exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. in such states, our liability shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. the website and the content may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors or omissions. we are not responsible for any such technical inaccuracies or typographical errors or omissions. the website and the content may contain information on certain products and services, not all of which are available in every location. a reference to a product or service on the website does not imply that such product or service is or will be available in your location. we reserve the right to make changes, corrections, and/or improvements to the website and/or the content at any time without notice. 5.​external sites the website may contain links to third-party websites ("external sites"). these links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content on such external sites. the content of such external sites is developed and provided by others. you should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those external sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or any content located on such external sites. we are not responsible for the content of any linked external sites and do not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such external sites. you should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your computer from viruses and other destructive programs. if you decide to access linked external sites, you do so at your own risk. 6.​indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our officers, directors, employees, successors, licensees, and assigns harmless from and against any claims, actions, or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from your breach of this agreement or your access to, use, or misuse of the content or the website. we shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit, or proceeding. we reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter that is subject to indemnification under this section. in such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting our defense of such matter. 7.​compliance with applicable laws the website is based in the united states. we make no claims concerning whether the website or any content may be downloaded, viewed, or be appropriate for use outside of the united states. if you access the website or the content from outside of the united states, you do so at your own risk. whether inside or outside of the united states, you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction. 8.​termination of the agreement we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this agreement and your access to all or any part of the website, at any time and for any reason without prior notice or liability. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the website at any time without prior notice or liability. 9.​miscellaneous this agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of new york, without respect to its conflict of laws provisions. you expressly agree: (i) to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the state of new york; and (ii) that the website shall be deemed a passive service that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over eloquii, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than new york. if any provision of this agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction or terminated in accordance with the "termination of the agreement" provision above, the invalidity or termination of such provision shall not affect the validity of the following provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect: "intellectual property," "communications to us," "no warranties/limitation of liability," "indemnification," "termination of the agreement," and "miscellaneous." our failure to act on or enforce any provision of the agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this agreement. no waiver shall be effective against us unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. except as expressly agreed by us and you in writing, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter. the section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any legal import. this agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees. privacy policy effective as of november 29, 2013 we at eloquii design, inc. ("eloquii", "we", "us" or "our")have created this privacy policy (this “privacy policy”) because we know that you care about how information you provide to us is used and shared. this privacy policy relates to the information collection and use practices of eloquii in connection with our website located at http://www.eloquii.com (the “website”). by visiting our website, you are agreeing to the terms of this privacy policy and the accompanying terms of use. capitalized terms not defined in this privacy policy shall have the meaning set forth in our terms of use. the information we collect 1.	personal information when you sign up to receive our newsletters or product information or contact us electronically, you may be required to provide us with personal information about yourself, such as your name, address, and email (collectively, the “personal information”). we do not collect any personal information from you when you use the website, unless you provide us with the personal information voluntarily. 2.	other information we may collect additional information (collectively, the “other information”). such other information may include: a.	from you. additional information about yourself that you voluntarily provide to us, such as your product and service preferences. b.	from your activity. information that we automatically collect when you use the website, such as your ip addresses, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and urls, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the website you visit, and similar information concerning your use of the website. c.	from cookies. information that we collect using “cookie” technology. cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive so that your computer will “remember” information about your visit. we use cookies to help us collect other information and to enhance your experience using the website. if you do not want the website to place a cookie on your hard drive, you may be able to turn that feature off on your computer. please consult your internet browser’s documentation for information on how to do this. however, if you decide not to accept cookies from us, the website may not function properly. information collected by or through third-party companies we may share other information about your activity on the website with third parties for the purpose of tailoring, analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing advertising you see on the website and elsewhere. these third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect such other information for such purposes. pixel tags enable us and these third-parties to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site. accessing and modifying personal information and communication preferences if you have provided us personal information, you may access, review, and make changes to your personal information by contacting us as set forth below. in addition, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of any eloquii marketing email. we will use commercially reasonable efforts to process such requests in a timely manner. you should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our subscription databases. how we use and share the information we use the personal information and the other information to process your requests, solicit your feedback, inform you about our products and services and those of our third-party marketing partners, and to provide you with access to and improve our website. also, we may share personal information and/or other information as described below. in an ongoing effort to better understand users of our website, we might analyze the other information in aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the website. this aggregate information does not identify you personally. we may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, and business partners. we may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our products and services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. examples may include processing requests and providing marketing assistance, information technology support, and customer service. these other companies will have access to the personal information and the other information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. we may share some or all of your personal information and/or other information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. as we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the personal information and other information may be part of the transferred assets. to the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose personal information and the other information when required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, or whenever we believe that disclosing such information is necessary or advisable, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of eloquii or others. how we protect your information we take commercially reasonable steps to protect the personal information and the other information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the internet. in particular, e-mail sent to or from the website may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. important notice to non-u.s. residents the website is operated in the united states. if you are located outside of the united states, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the united states. by using the website and/or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer. children we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the website. if you are under 13, please do not give us any personal information. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal information through the website without their permission. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. external websites the website may contain links to third-party websites. eloquii has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of these websites. as such, we are not responsible for their content or privacy policies. you should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites. changes to this privacy policy this privacy policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this privacy policy. we may change this privacy policy from time to time, and will post any changes on the website as soon as they go into effect. by accessing the website after we make any such changes to this privacy policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. please refer back to this privacy policy on a regular basis. how to contact us if you have questions about this privacy policy, please e-mail us at customerservice@eloquii.com or write to us at: eloquii design, inc. attention: privacy policy p.o. box 1828 powell, ohio 43065 thank you for registering with eloquii now that you're on our list you will always be first to know. whoops! we couldn'y submit the form. please try again.