来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141227195633/https://www.eloquii.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-eloquii-Site/default/Account-StartRegister
================================================================================

create an account create account log in email sign up wish list help how may we help you? 1.888.534.5314 hours: 9am-9pm est monday-sunday customerservice@eloquii.com contact us order tracking shipping returns + exchanges faqs cart:shopping bag (0) view bag shopping bag 30% off your entire purchase 70% off last chance sale free shipping on orders $100+ eloquii search go what's new trending now new arrivals workwear shapewear shop going fast 5 star rated as seen in #xoq black tie boutique nye checklist serious sparkle features lookbooks studio collection outfit your look trend alert - leather shop shop all dresses tops skirts jeans pants kady fit pant suits sweaters jackets outerwear shapewear jewelry belts accessories studio collection lookbooks blog sale dresses & skirts tops & jackets pants & jeans accessories final sale my account create an account log in wish list search wish lists home >my account my account create an account create an account to enjoy faster checkout, view order history and save items to your wishlist. *required fields * first name {label:"first name"} * last name {label:"last name"} * email {label:"email"} * confirm email {label:"confirm email"} phone {label:"phone"} format: 333-333-3333 * password {label:"password"} * confirm password {label:"confirm password"} yes, send me special offers & news about events and announcements from eloquii. privacy policy | terms & conditions create account privacy & security privacy policy welcome! this privacy policy is intended to explain what types of information we at eloquii design, inc. ("eloquii") collect about you, and how we use and share that information. one section of this privacy policy also addresses what happens with information we collect on our pages on social media sites, such as facebook, twitter, instagram, pinterest, tumblr, pose, and youtube ("social media pages"). this privacy policy applies only to the information collected online at www.eloquii.com (the "site") and the social media pages, as well as information collected by us offline. what type of information does eloquii collect online? what type of information does eloquii collect on its social media pages? how does eloquii use your information? what information does eloquii share with third parties? advertisements california residents visitors from outside the u.s. information that is not covered by this privacy policy updating your personal information children links to other websites security statement updates to privacy policy questions or concerns what type of information does eloquii collect online? 1. we gather navigational information about where visitors go on the site and information about the technical efficiencies of the site (i.e., time to connect to our website, time to download pages, etc.). this information is referred to in this privacy policy as "navigational information" and allows us to see which areas of the site are most visited and helps us better understand our visitors' experiences at the site. in the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider and ip address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of the site. we collect navigational information from technology such as cookies and web beacons. cookies are small text files that help us to personalize the content of the site. web beacons are electronic files used to track your navigation on a website or collection of sites, the completion of transactions, submittal of applications and browsing behavior. we use cookies and other tracking technology to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about the site’s traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experiences and tools in the future. we may also use these technologies to provide you with enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests. to opt out of this personalized advertising provided by eloquii, click here. we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding visitors to the site. these service providers are permitted to use the information collected on our behalf to help us conduct and improve our business. if you prefer, you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. however, if you turn your cookies off, some features of the site may not function properly. 2. collection of personal information: we may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an account on the site, sign up to receive emails from eloquii or other marketing materials, make a purchase, create or update your wish list, send items to a friend, view your order history, participate in contests and surveys, submit a career profile, or contact us. categories of personal information collected online include name, billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, mobile number, credit card information, resume information, and any other information you choose to provide us. this information is referred to as "personal information" in this privacy policy. navigational information and personal information are collectively referred to as "information" in this privacy policy. back to top what type of information does eloquii collect on its social media pages? personal information may be collected directly by us through our social media pages and may also be collected by the social media sites hosting our social media pages (each, a "social media site"). examples of how personal information may be directly collected by us through our social media pages include providing personal information through an application or form which has a link to this privacy policy. we will use and share the personal information we collect on through our social media pages in the manner specified below in how does eloquii use your information? and in what information does eloquii? this privacy policy does not cover personal information collected by any social media site or the privacy and security practices of any social media site. please review privacy policies and terms of service on the applicable social media site, if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices. the social media sites may provide aggregate information and analysis to us about visitors' use of our social media pages. this allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of our social media pages, and interaction with content on our social media pages. overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of visitors and users of our social media pages and use of the content. back to top how does eloquii use your information? we use your information to: deliver products that you have ordered, contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty, deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us about our products or the site, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase send information about events, surveys, promotions and possibly contests to you, tailor your experience on the site to your interests, develop and improve our products, services, and the site, and respond to your inquiries. if you have set up an account at the site, you may save personal information in that account, and we will access this personal information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we require you to create and/or access your account to use various features of the site, such as accessing your order history and creating a wish list. we will use the personal information you provide in a career profile, including in your resume, to assist in your goal of becoming hired by us, and, if hired, we will use the personal information submitted for employment and business-related purposes. with respect to emails we will use your personal information to send you exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of emails from us, please follow the removal instructions located at the end of each message. please note, however, that your request not to receive email information will not preclude us from contacting you by email or otherwise regarding questions we have about your purchase and other operational emails, such as shipping information. we use the personal information collected on our social media pages to send communications regarding our products, services, and promotions; to respond to your inquiries; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes or contests; to analyze your activity on our social media pages and to develop our products and services. back to top what information does eloquii share with third parties? we may use third party vendors to assist us with the site and our e-commerce business (“third party vendors”). some examples of the assistance that may be provided by third party service providers are: monitoring and analyzing site activity, operations and marketing assistance, hosting the site, assisting us with our social media pages, processing orders, running promotions and events and surveys, maintaining our database, processing employment applications, and administering and monitoring emails. it is possible that some of these service providers will be located outside of the united states. we will share your information with these third party vendors only as necessary for them to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. use of your information by these third party vendors is governed by their own privacy policies and procedures and not by this privacy policy. we may share your information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. when you send an email from the site to a friend, we will send the recipient of the email your email address, message, and your selected outfit or item(s). we may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from us. as we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, some or all of the information may be part of the transferred assets. to the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose information when required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, or whenever we believe that disclosing such information is necessary or advisable, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or others. back to top advertisements we may elect to use third party advertising companies to serve our advertisements and allow them to collect non-personally information during your visits to the site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you ("advertisements"). these companies typically use a third party cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. these third party cookies do not collect personal information. you may opt-out of the use of your information this purpose. to learn more or to choose to opt-out, please visit the network advertising initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. back to top california residents under california civil code section 1798.83, california residents who have established business relationships with us may choose to opt out of our sharing their personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident and (1) you wish to opt out; or (2) you wish to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the direct marketing purposes, please send an e-mail to operations@eloquii.com or write to us at: eloquii design, inc. 4449 easton way columbus, oh 43219 [in addition, we do not monitor, recognize, or honor any opt-out or do not track mechanisms, including general web browser “do not track” settings and/or signals, except as set forth above in what type of information does eloquii collect online?;1. general browsing and tracking mechanisms.] back to top visitors from outside the u.s. if you are visiting the site from a location outside of the u.s., your connection will be through and to servers located in the u.s. all personal information you provide to us will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s. with respect to any personal information you provide to us on any of our social media pages, once received by us from the applicable social media site, it is maintained and processed by us on servers and internal systems located in the united states. by using the site or social media pages and/or providing us with any personal information, you consent to transfer of such personal information to the u.s. back to top information that is not covered by this privacy policy if you decide to make any personal information or other information, photos, or other content publicly available through features on the site, you acknowledge and agree that this information and content is made available to all users of the site and others, and that it is not subject to the terms of this privacy policy. back to top updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information by logging in to your account. back to top children we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the site. if you are under 13, please do not give us any personal information. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal information through internet without their permission. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. back to top links to other websites for your convenience, our web site may contain links to web sites that are owned and/or operated by third parties (each, a "third party site"). we are not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products, services or the content of any third party site. links that appear on the site should not be deemed to imply that we endorse or have any affiliation with any third party site or the products, services, or content made available through any third party site. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies and terms of use of each third party site that you visit. back to top security statement we take commercially reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the internet. in particular, e-mail sent to or from the site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send via e-mail. back to top updates to privacy policy this privacy policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this privacy policy. we may change this privacy policy from time to time, and will post any changes on the site as they go into effect. by accessing the site after we make any such changes to this privacy policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. please refer back to this privacy policy on a regular basis. back to top questions or concerns if you have additional questions or would like more information regarding our information collection, use of disclosure practices, please feel free to contact us at: eloquii design, inc. po box 1828 powell, oh 43065 operations@eloquii.com this privacy policy was last updated janauary 25, 2014. privacy & security terms of use welcome to www.eloquii.com (the “site”)! the site is owned and operated by eloquii design, inc. (“eloquii,” “we,” or “us”). these terms of use govern your use of the site. please read these terms of use carefully before using the site. your use of the site confirms your acceptance of these terms of use. if you do not accept these terms of use, then you are not permitted to use the site. 1. product descriptions . all features, content, specifications, products and prices of products described or depicted on the site (the “products”) are subject to change at any time without notice. certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. we make reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of the products; however, we do not warrant that product descriptions or prices are accurate. for example, products may be unavailable, quantities of products may be limited, products may have different attributes than those listed on the site or may be sold at different prices than those listed on the site. also, please keep in mind that the actual color of a product that you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display product colors. while it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product. we reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product and/or to refuse acceptance of any order. we also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. 2. return policy. if you are not satisfied with your purchase, you may return it in accordance with our return policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety. 3. shipping limitations. when an order is placed, it will be shipped to the address designated by you at check-out, as long as that shipping address is compliant with any shipping restrictions contained on the site. the risk of loss and title for products purchased by you passes to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier. we are not responsible for damaged and/or lost shipments once we deliver products to the carrier. 4. intellectual property rights. the design of the site and all text, graphics, information, content, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from the site (collectively, the “content”) belongs to us or our licensors. all of the foregoing are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws, and may not be used except with the prior written permission of the owner of such material. you must not modify any content in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any content for any public or commercial purpose. you must not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit any content. any unauthorized use of content may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations and is prohibited. in the event of a violation, we or our licensors reserve the right to seek all remedies available at law and/or in equity. the following trademarks (the “eloquii marks”) are our sole and exclusive property: other company or product names and logos used and displayed on the site are trademarks of their respective owners. nothing on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the eloquii marks or other trademarks displayed on the site, without our written permission or the written permission of the owner of the trademark, as the case may be. 5. user submissions. the site and our pages on social media sites (our “social media pages”) permit the submission of user-submitted content, including, without limitation, ratings and reviews of products (collectively, "user submissions"). you understand that if you submit any user submissions through the site or any social media pages, they may be accessed and viewed by others, including by the general public, and we do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any user submissions. you are solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of publishing them on the site. by submitting any user submission through the site or any social media page, you hereby grant to us an unrestricted, nonexclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable and irrevocable license and right, but not the obligation, to use, edit, alter, copy, reproduce, disclose, display, publish, remove, prepare derivative works from, perform, distribute, exhibit, broadcast, or otherwise exploit the such user submission, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology, now known or hereafter developed including, without limitation, broadcast and cable television, radio, mobile transmission, and the internet, for any purpose whatsoever including, without limitation, advertising, promotion, entertainment or commercial purposes, without any payment to or further authorization by you. under the license granted herein, we shall be free to use any ideas or concepts contained in any user submission without further attribution, compensation or notice to you. we reserve the right to determine in our sole discretion whether any user submission is appropriate and complies with these terms of use, and whether or not to allow the uploading and/or removal of any user submission. we do not endorse any user submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein. we do not make any, and we hereby disclaim and any all, warranties or representations, express or implied, regarding all user submissions. if you make any user submission, you affirm, represent, and warrant that: (i) the content of your user submission(s) is original; (ii) you own all right, title and interest to your user submission(s) and have the sole and exclusive right (including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights embodied by the user submissions or represented by such user submissions) to license all of the rights therein to us as set forth above; (iii) use of your user submission(s) by us in accordance with the license granted above will not infringe upon or misappropriate the rights of any third party including, without limitation, any intellectual property or privacy rights; and (iv) you have obtained written permission from any other person named, photographed or otherwise depicted or whose voice is used in your user submission(s) which will allow us to utilize the user submission(s) without compensation. we do not permit copyright infringing activities on the site, and we may remove any user submission or other content in our sole discretion. any photograph identified by any of the following hashtags that you post on any third party website will be considered a user submission and subject to the terms of this section, including, without limitation, the license granted to us above.] 6. notice of copyright infringement. if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user submission or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may notify us by providing the following information in writing: a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists; identification of the user submission or other content that is claimed to be infringing and a description of the infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the same; information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address; a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed. our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: eloquii design, inc. 4449 easton way columbus, oh 43219 you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements above, your notice may not be valid. 7. prohibited uses of the site. you shall not post, transmit, redistribute, upload, or promote any communications, content or materials that (a) contain corrupted files, viruses, or any other similar software files, the intent of which is to damage the operation of another's computer; (b) are unlawful, threatening, harassing, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, hateful, profane, indecent, racially or ethnically derogatory, or otherwise objectionable; (c) contain chain letters or pyramid schemes; (d) contain any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other forms of solicitation to other users, individuals or entities; (e) include any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers; (f) impersonate any person, business or entity, including our company and our employees and agents; (g) encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense; (h) give rise to civil liability; (i) otherwise violate any law (including, but not limited to, those governing consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); or (j) in doing so, amounts to any conduct that, in our judgment, restricts, impairs, interferes or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying, or is otherwise detrimental to, the site or any product. you shall not use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from the site. 8. linking to the site. creating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on the site without our prior written permission is prohibited. running or displaying the site or any content in frames or through similar means on another website without our prior written permission is prohibited. any permitted links to the site must comply will all applicable laws, rule and regulations. 9. third party sites. periodically, links may be established from the site to external websites operated by third parties (each, a "third party site"). these links are provided for your convenience only and do not imply that we endorse any third party site or any content therein. we do not control and we are not responsible or liable for any third party site or any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from any third party site. access to a third party site is at your own risk, and we will have no liability for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any purchase, use of or reliance on any content, goods, or services available on or through any third party site. 10. your account. you may choose to create an account at the site (an “account”). in order to do so, you will have to create a username and password. to protect your account, you should choose a username and password different than names, birthdays, or street addresses associated with you. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and for restricting access to your computer. you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or with your username and password. 11. personal information. any personal information that you provide to us through your use of the site or your account is subject to the terms of our privacy policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety. 12. disclaimers. the site and the content are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without any warranties of any kind. we, together with our affiliates, subsidiaries and the respective officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the “eloquii parties”) disclaim all warranties, including, but not limited to, the warranty of title, merchantability, non-infringement, and fitness for particular purpose. none of the eloquii parties will be liable for any delays or interruptions of the site from whatever cause. none of the eloquii parties warrants that the site will operate error-free or that the site, the servers, or the content are free of computer viruses or similar contamination or destructive features. if your use of the site or any content results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, none of the eloguii parties will be responsible for those costs. you agree that you use the site and the content at your own risk. all user submissions are provided by users and not by us. we have the right, but not the obligation, to remove user submissions. as such, none of the eloquii parties makes any representations or warranties with respect to, and none of the eloquii parties will have any liability in connection with, any user submissions. the products are provided by third party manufacturors and suppliers, and not by us. the products are subject only to any applicable warranties made by the applicable manufacturers or suppliers, if any. none of the eloquii parties makes, and hereby disclaims, any warranties and representations of any kind regarding the products, either express or implied, including, without limitation the warranteis of title, merchantability, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose. none of the eloquii parties will have any liability in connection with any product. 13. limitations of liability. in no event will any of the eloquii parties be liable to you or any third party, for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or relating to the site, the content, any user submission or any product, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory. because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for negligence, consequential, incidental or other damages, in such jurisdictions the eloquii parties’ liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. in the event of any problem with the site, any content or user submission, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy is to cease using this site. in the event of any problem with any product, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such product, in accordance with such manufacturer's warranty, if any, or to seek a return and refund for the product in accordance with our return policy. 14. indemnification. you agree to defend, indemnify and hold the eloquii parties harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) arising from or relating to (i) any user submission(s) made by you; (ii) your use the site or any content; (iii) purchase of any product by you; or (iv) breach by you of these terms of use. 15. revisions to these terms and conditions. we may revise these terms of use at any time and from time to time and will post the revised terms of use on the site. your continued use of the site after any revisions to these terms of use are posted will be considered acceptance by you of those changes. we encourage you to visit this page from time to time to review the then current terms of use. 16. termination.you or we may suspend or terminate your account, your use of the site, and/or your ability to make user submissions at any time, for any reason or for no reason. you are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred prior to termination. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of the site at any time without notice. 17. miscellaneous. in the event that any portion of these terms of use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then such portion shall be construed in accordance with the applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder of these terms of use shall remain in full force and effect. the sections of these terms of use entitled intellectual property, disclaimers, limitation of liability, indemnification, and miscellaneous shall survive the termination of these terms of use. the paragraph headings herein are provided only for reference and shall have no effect on the construction or interpretation of these terms of use. you expressly absolve and release the eloquii parties from any claim of harm resulting from a cause beyond their control, including, but not limited to, failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes, or natural disasters, strikes or other labor problems, wars, terrorist activities or governmental restrictions. you may not assign this agreement. no waiver shall be effective unless in writing. neither the course of conduct between parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this agreement. this agreement and any other agreements between the parties entered into through this site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of ohio. except for proceedings commenced by us to protect our intellectual property or confidential information which may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction, the parties mutually agree that any and all disputes arising hereunder shall be resolved exclusively by state or federal courts located in the state of ohio. these terms of use contain the entire agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter and supersedes all existing agreements and all other oral, written or other communication between the parties. you will comply with all laws, rules and regulations which are now or hereinafter promulgated by any government authority or agency which govern or apply to the operation and use of the site, or any content, user submissions or product. you agree to transact with us and receive all notices electronically. we will provide notices by posting them on the site, or, in some cases, we may provide notice by email to users with accounts. to receive electronic notices, you must have access to the internet, an internet browser that can access the site and/or access to the email address you provided to us. you will need a printer attached to your personal computer to print any notices. you can retrieve an electronic copy and a printable version of the terms and conditions by clicking on the "terms of use" link at the site. you agree that a printed version of these terms of use and other agreements entered into by you on the site in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. last updated: february 20th, 2014 enjoy the benefits view order history create a wish list faster checkout log in about us #xoq faqs photo sharing faqs size chart affiliates contact us in the press shipping information returns + exchanges terms of use order tracking privacy policy site map customer service email sign up be first to know! get the scoop on new arrivals, limited offers, and exclusive sales on fresh off-the-runway fashion fast tracked to you. submit thank you! we're happy you found us. whoops! please enter your email address. be first to know get the scoop on new arrivals, limited offers and exclusive sales on fresh off-the-runway fashion. first name * email * birthday day 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 month jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec submit thank you! we're happy you found us. © 2015 eloquii design, inc - all rights reserved follow us facebook twitter pinterest tumbler instagram 30% off your entire purchase newyear http://www.eloquii.com/on/demandware.store/sites-eloquii-site/default/sizechart-start?cid=tops