来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151229014909/http://www.eloquii.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | eloquii create account log in email sign up wish list help how may we help you? 1.888.534.5314 hours: 9am-9pm est daily customerservice@eloquii.com contact us order tracking shipping returns + exchanges faqs cart:shopping bag (0) view bag shopping bag flash sale! 50% - 60% off select styles $50 off dresses & jackets up to 50% off select sale 40% off select styles free shipping on all orders $100+ eloquii search go what's new trending now new arrivals daily deal back in stock going fast coming soon 5 star rated as seen in #xoq 70% off last chance sale shoes just in - shorts party dresses white-hot features collection lookbook size 26 + 28 lookbook lookbook archive studio collection outfit your look sizes 26 + 28 shapewear shop shop shop all dresses tops pants + jeans + shorts kady fit pant skirts denim + chambray leggings suits jackets jumpsuits coats shoes jewelry sunglasses + tights belts shapewear shop: sizes 26 + 28 daily deal studio collection lookbooks fall catalogue collection lookbook size 26 + 28 lookbook lookbook archive style & substance blog spotlight series archive sale special prices up to 50% off select sale dresses skirts tops pants & jeans jackets shoes accessories and lingerie final sale customer service your orderplace an ordercoupons & promotionsprices & taxesyour accountyour accountshipping informationshipping rates & timeframesinternational shippingreturns & exchangesreturn & exchange policyprice adjustmentscontact uscontact usour companyabout usfaqstop questions askedphoto sharing faqsprivacy & securityprivacy policyterms of usesharing termsxoq contest official rulesratings & reviewsreview guidelinespayment methodspayment methodsaffiliate programcommission junction home >customer service >privacy policy privacy & security privacy policy welcome! this privacy policy is intended to explain what types of information we at eloquii design, inc. ("eloquii") collect about you, and how we use and share that information. one section of this privacy policy also addresses what happens with information we collect on our pages on social media sites, such as facebook, twitter, instagram, pinterest, tumblr, pose, and youtube ("social media pages"). this privacy policy applies only to the information collected online at www.eloquii.com (the "site") and the social media pages, as well as information collected by us offline. what type of information does eloquii collect online? what type of information does eloquii collect on its social media pages? how does eloquii use your information? what information does eloquii share with third parties? california residents visitors from outside the u.s. information that is not covered by this privacy policy updating your personal information children links to other websites security statement updates to privacy policy questions or concerns what type of information does eloquii collect online? 1. collection of personal information: we may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an account on the site, sign up to receive emails from eloquii or other marketing materials, make a purchase, contact customer support, create or update your wish list, send items to a friend, view your order history, participate in contests and surveys, submit a career profile, or contact us. categories of personal information collected online include name, billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, mobile number, credit card information, resume information, and any other information you choose to provide us. this information is referred to as "personal information" in this privacy policy. navigational information and personal information are collectively referred to as "information" in this privacy policy. we do not consider personal information to include information that has been aggregated or anonymized so that it cannot be used to identify a specific inpidual. 2. collection of navigational information: when you visit our site, we and third parties that provide functionality on the site may engage, receive and record information about how you use and interact with the site. this information is referred to in this privacy policy as "navigational information" and allows us to see which areas of the site are most visited and helps us better understand our visitors' experiences at the site. we and third party service providers who provide services to our site collect navigational information from technology such as cookies and web beacons. cookies are small text files that help us to personalize the content of the site. web beacons are electronic files used to track your navigation on a website or collection of sites, the completion of transactions, submittal of applications and browsing behavior. we use cookies and other tracking technology to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about the site’s traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experiences and tools in the future. we may also use these technologies to provide you with enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests. we do not monitor, recognize, or honor any do not track mechanisms, including general web browser “do not track” settings and/or signals, except as described below. we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding visitors to the site. these service providers are permitted to use the information collected on our behalf to help us conduct and improve our business and to provide fraud prevention services. if you prefer, you can choose to turn off some cookies via your browser settings. however, if you turn your cookies off, some features of the site may not function properly. to learn more or to choose to opt-out, please visit the network advertising initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. back to top what type of information does eloquii collect on its social media pages? personal information may be collected directly by us through our social media pages and may also be collected by the social media sites hosting our social media pages (each, a "social media site"). we will use and share the personal information we collect on through our social media pages in the manner specified below in how does eloquii use your information? and in what information does eloquii share? this privacy policy does not cover personal information collected by any social media site or the privacy and security practices of any social media site. please review privacy policies and terms of service on the applicable social media site, if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices. the social media sites may provide aggregate information and analysis to us about visitors' use of our social media pages. this allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of our social media pages, and interaction with content on our social media pages. overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of visitors and users of our social media pages and use of the content. back to top how does eloquii use your information? we use your information to: deliver products that you have ordered, contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty, deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us about our products or the site, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase send information about events, surveys, promotions and possibly contests to you, tailor your experience on the site to your interests, develop and improve our products, services, and the site, and respond to your inquiries. if you have set up an account at the site, you may save personal information in that account, and we will access this personal information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we require you to create and/or access your account to use various features of the site, such as accessing your order history and creating a wish list. we will use the personal information you provide in a career profile, including in your resume, to assist in your goal of becoming hired by us, and, if hired, we will use the personal information submitted for employment and business-related purposes. with respect to emails we will use your personal information to send you exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of emails from us, please follow the removal instructions located at the end of each message. please note, however, that your request not to receive email information will not preclude us from contacting you by email or otherwise regarding questions we have about your purchase and other operational emails, such as shipping information. we use the personal information collected on our social media pages to send communications regarding our products, services, and promotions; to respond to your inquiries; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes or contests; to analyze your activity on our social media pages and to develop our products and services. we may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the site and use it for any purpose. such information does not identify you inpidually. back to top what information does eloquii share with third parties? vendors and service providers. we may use third party vendors to assist us with the site and our e-commerce business (“third party vendors”). some examples of the assistance that may be provided by third party service providers are: monitoring and analyzing site activity, operations and marketing assistance, hosting the site, assisting us with our social media pages, processing orders, running promotions and events and surveys, maintaining our database, processing employment applications, providing fraud prevention services and administering and monitoring emails. it is possible that some of these service providers will be located outside of the united states. we will share your information with these third party vendors only as necessary for them to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. use of your information by these third party vendors is governed by their own privacy policies and procedures and not by this privacy policy. parents and affiliates. we may share your information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. cooperative databases. in connection with the distribution of our print catalogs and other marketing materials, we participate in cooperative data sharing databases. the participants of these databases provide customer names, mailing addresses and information about their customers’ purchasing history to the database vendor which allows the database participants to segment and/or obtain access to potentially interested parties to which they may wish to target their own promotions. if you do not wish to have your name, email address and mailing address released to these cooperative databases, you can opt-out by sending an email to marketing@eloquii.com. email referrals. when you send an email from the site to a friend, we will send the recipient of the email your email address, message, and your selected outfit or item(s). we may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from us. business transactions. as we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, financing due diligence, bankruptcy, receivership sale of assets, dissolution, transition of service to another provider, or similar event, some or all of the information may be part of the transferred assets. legal requirements. to the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose information when required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, or whenever we believe that disclosing such information is necessary or advisable, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or others. back to top california residents under california civil code section 1798.83, california residents who have established business relationships with us may choose to opt out of our sharing their personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident and (1) you wish to opt out; or (2) you wish to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the direct marketing purposes, please send an e-mail to operations@eloquii.com or write to us at: eloquii design, inc. two miranova place suite 280 columbus, oh 43215 back to top visitors from outside the u.s. if you are visiting from the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the united states and processing globally. by using the site and/or providing us with any information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this policy. back to top information that is not covered by this privacy policy if you decide to make any personal information or other information, photos, or other content publicly available through features on the site, you acknowledge and agree that this information and content is made available to all users of the site and others, and that it is not subject to the terms of this privacy policy. back to top updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information by logging in to your account. back to top children we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the site. if you are under 13, please do not give us any personal information. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal information through internet without their permission. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. back to top links to other websites for your convenience, our web site may contain links to web sites that are owned and/or operated by third parties (each, a "third party site"). we are not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products, services or the content of any third party site. links that appear on the site should not be deemed to imply that we endorse or have any affiliation with any third party site or the products, services, or content made available through any third party site. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies and terms of use of each third party site that you visit. back to top security statement we take steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the internet. in particular, e-mail sent to or from the site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send via e-mail. back to top updates to privacy policy this privacy policy is effective as of the date stated at the bottom of this privacy policy. we may change this privacy policy from time to time, and will post any changes on the site as they go into effect. by accessing the site after we make any such changes to this privacy policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. please refer back to this privacy policy on a regular basis. back to top questions or concerns if you have additional questions or would like more information regarding our information collection, use of disclosure practices, please feel free to contact us at: eloquii design, inc. two miranova place suite 280 columbus, oh 43215 operations@eloquii.com this privacy policy was last updated january 29, 2016. about us #xoq faqs photo sharing faqs size chart shoe size chart contact us in the press shipping information returns + exchanges terms of use affiliates order tracking privacy policy site map customer service email sign up be first to know! get the scoop on new arrivals, limited offers, and exclusive sales on fresh off-the-runway fashion fast tracked to you. submit thank you! we're happy you found us. whoops! please enter your email address. be first to know get the scoop on new arrivals, limited offers and exclusive sales on fresh off-the-runway fashion. first name * email * birthday day 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 month jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec submit thank you! we're happy you found us. © 2015 eloquii design, inc - all rights reserved follow us facebook twitter pinterest tumbler instagram http://www.eloquii.com/on/demandware.store/sites-eloquii-site/default/sizechart-start?cid=tops