来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171231061817/http://www.eloquii.com/careers.html
================================================================================

careers | customer service | eloquii skip to main content search go welcome guest close log in create account close your shopping bag is currently empty 40% off lingerie up to 80% off clearance 50% off select styles 40% off all original ticket styles free us standard shipping on all orders $100+ cart (0) shopping bag register sign in email sign up get $30 help how may we help you? 844-693-5678 hours: 9am-5:30pm eastern monday-friday customerservice@eloquii.com contact us order tracking shipping returns + exchanges faqs eloquii search go clearance all clearance daily deal sale dresses sale tops sale bottoms sale jackets + coats sale petites sale viola sale accessories sale shoes sale swimwear final sale final few - up to 70% off sale size 14-16 sale size 18-20 sale size 22-24 sale size 26-28 what's new the latest new arrivals lingerie - just in back in stock get on the waitlist store locator workwear collection black tie collection noir capsule collection size 26-28 shops eloquii x katie sturino everyday essentials pearl + sequin shop faux leather + suede shop peplum shop shop the hue: red coldwear accessory shop shoes + boots features viola fit november 2017 catalog collection lookbook #xoq: shop the pic going fast going fast back in stock partywear black tie collection noir capsule collection party dresses party accessories shop by trend chambray + denim ruffles velvet shoulder show lace + crochet flared sleeves embroidery + brocade dresses all dresses jumpsuits party dresses black dresses white dresses noir capsule collection midi + maxi dresses fit + flare dresses long sleeve dresses work dresses essential dresses size 26-28 dresses tops all tops tunics sweaters bodysuits work tops essential tops date tops long sleeve tops size 26-28 tops petite tops bottoms all bottoms pants kady fit pant skirts jeans leggings essential bottoms work bottoms suits size 26-28 bottoms coats & jackets all coats & jackets jackets coats work blazers suits size 26-28 coats & jackets lingerie accessories all accessories shoes + boots party accessories jewelry tights + shapewear scarves + hats handbags + clutches belts sunglasses lingerie - just in style & substance careers dev-ops support engineer merchandise planner sales associate customer experience representative – part time software developer dev-ops support engineer department: technology manager:vp of engineering location: columbus, oh position summary: eloquii is a vertically integrated e-commerce destination for contemporary, fast fashion sizes 14-28. we bring the trends and designs from the runways and pop culture to our customer, working on a compressed design cycle and dropping new styles every week. the dev-ops support engineer is an individual contributor responsible for supporting it operations and infrastructure as well as end-users. this role combines end-user support, troubleshooting and general it administration duties with a moderate amount of software development. end-user support. this position supports eloquii employees in their use of business systems including product planning, merchandising, purchasing, financial, ecommerce and other key systems. this includes a range of activities, from setting up pcs for new employees, to administering the office network, administering the corporate email system, microsoft office products and other typical business systems. a willingness and ability to work directly with users to understand and troubleshoot problems is a key competency for this position. works directly with end users to support applications and databases, and to craft self-support protocols especially for remote teams (stores). dev-ops support. this position is responsible for the daily operations cycle and the ongoing improvement of operational processes to achieve higher degrees of automation, self-healing and performance. this position will work closely with the lead developers for each platform to ensure end-to-end process correctness, performance and monitoring of eloquii customer-facing, vendor-facing and internal systems. a willingness and ability to analyze, understand and improve automated processes is a key competency for this role. examples of duties and responsibilities:: perform a variety of end-user support activities including troubleshooting applications, network support etc. support the employee environment including machine setup, network, printer access, application permissions support operational environment – messaging, middleware, scheduling, integration and related technologies. develop, test and schedule operations scripts and other software / middleware improvements to the environment. administer the development environment and employee toolset including bitbucket, jira, ms office, email etc. work with business users to ensure understanding of business process and proper implementation in systems. typically requires up to two years of experience. additional qualifications include: bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. experience supporting non-technical colleagues and vendors. some exposure to software development projects and practices. hands-on development experience in python, java or javascript is a plus. experience with both windows and unix environments is a plus. experience supporting a production ops environment a plus. eloquii is an equal opportunity employer. please send resumes to careers@eloquii.com. tweet e-mail merchandise planner department:planning manager:director, planning location: columbus, oh position summary: eloquii is a vertically integrated e-commerce destination for contemporary, fast fashion sizes 14-28. we bring the trends and designs from the runways and pop culture to our customer, working on a compressed design cycle and dropping new styles every week. the merchandise planner will be responsible to set up processes that support the company’s overall budget and financial goals. s/he will have strong quantitative, analytical, strategic thinking and problem solving skills; demonstrate good judgment in his/her ability to make data-justified business decisions. s/he will work with the senior merchandise planner to define weekly and monthly sales and inventory plans, track and maintain appropriate regular price and markdown inventory, as well as strategically plan and execute sales promotions. s/he will work closely with merchants to help maintain appropriate key item inventory in order to maximize margin. examples of duties and responsibilities:: partnering with merchandising to assist in planning and maintaining inventory by department. focusing on key items to ensure appropriate inventory levels. in partnership with senior merchandise planner and merchandising, create and review monthly hindsight’s in order to maximize margin go forward. ensure supply and demand are aligned and company’s inventory is turning appropriately on a weekly basis. partner cross-functionally to plan promotions and execute a seamless on site customer experience. ensure appropriate product mix and inventory levels to maximize sales recommending and executing markdowns. review markdown pricing and inventory turn weekly to ensure we are meeting our turn expectations. analyze past sales performance to identify opportunities and quantify new choices appropriately. in partnership with planning director, identify underperforming choices and strategically move through the inventory while maximizing margin. summarize performance of the business through reporting, making weekly recommendations requirements: effective decision making skills and excellent organizational skills ability to understand business issues and link results to organizational effectiveness strong financial acumen, organizing and prioritization skills entrepreneurial drive thrives in a fast paced environment ability to partner with team members across different internal functions proficient in microsoft office bachelor’s degree with 5+ years of experience eloquii is an equal opportunity employer. please send resumes to careers@eloquii.com. tweet e-mail sales associate department:stores manager:store manager location:chicago, il / arlington, va position summary: eloquii is a vertically integrated e-commerce destination for contemporary, fast fashion sizes 14-28. we bring the trends and designs from the runways and pop culture to our customer, working on a compressed design cycle and dropping new styles every week. as we open our second concept store we are looking for passionate sales associates who can help bring our ecommerce experience to life in a physical space. eloquii sales associates have a passion for customer service and fashion; they are up to date with the latest product trends, benefits and competitive landscape and are excited to share that with customers. a sales associate will help create a fun, personalized and high touch environment to shop in alongside creating a seamless experience for her amidst testing different in store strategies. passion for our product! customer centric digitally savvy to help drive omni channel sales ability to be agile to support the various tests that will be run in the concept store exceptional follow up to ensure genuine customer connections excellent communication skills; able to communicate confidently with customers and hq a track record of working productively in a diverse team environment requirements: at least 18 years adhere to policy and procedures of the company can regularly move around all store areas and be accessible to customers eloquii is an equal opportunity employer. please send resumes to careers@eloquii.com. tweet e-mail customer experience representative - part time department:customer experience manager:director of customer experience location:columbus, oh position summary: reporting to the director of customer experience, this part time, hourly position will handle all customer interactions via phone and email, lending support to our customers when they need help with an order or return, have questions about shopping with us, or just need some styling advice. you might be our ideal candidate if you: love people – you quickly and easily build rapport with others, even with those you’ve just met. have a natural curiosity (about everything!) and approach problems with positivity are patient in tough situations. people in your life see you as a mediator or peacemaker. are agile and flexible – you can shift priorities on a dime. get energized by blazing new trails – you’re comfortable with uncertainty and tackling new challenges have a strong pov on customer service love fashion & follow pop culture are great with new technology the successful candidate will bring a “roll up the sleeves” and “can do attitude”. help us build our service team from the ground up! examples of duties and responsibilities: understand the eloquii customer to deliver the best, most personalized service experiences interact with eloquii customers via phone calls, emails, other communication channels resolve customer issues with creativity and positivity build loyalty within the customer community by offering consistently exceptional customer service manage personal efficiency to support achievement of team kpi metrics work closely with cross-functional teams to stay up-to-date with current products, promotions, and initiatives support behind-the-scenes processes that keep our orders flowing and customers happy foster an innovative, spirited environment that consistently achieves breakthrough performance additional qualifications include: excellent organizational skills strategic thinking and problem solving skills good judgment in ability to make data-justified business decisions. detail oriented great writing skills entrepreneurial drive thrives in a fast paced environment ability to partner with team members across different internal functions proficient in microsoft office 2+ years of college-level coursework and 2+ years experience in service-oriented roles eloquii is an equal opportunity employer. please send resumes to careers@eloquii.com. tweet e-mail software developer department:technology manager:vp of engineering location:columbus, oh and long island city, ny eloquii is a direct to consumer fashion business, designing trend-driven, fashion apparel in sizes 14-28. we are a privately-owned, fast-growing company based in both new york and columbus, ohio. position summary: eloquii is seeking a senior developer who can lead the effort of deriving business value from data, and making data more available to eloquii associates and business partners. you'll lead business-critical initiatives that center on analyzing large volumes of data. internal constituents include the eloquii marketing team, the merchant team, data scientist and others who have an insatiable desire for data and data-centered decision making. you'll work closely with these teams to understand the questions they're trying to answer, problems they're trying to solve, and opportunities they're trying to exploit, and translate those needs into operational data systems. you'll work closely with other developers to understand source data and the business processes they support, and to devise end-to-end data lifecycles that span operational and analytical systems. you'll help define technical standards and drive the architectural agenda regarding data and related topics. you will have a strong voice in product and ownership over coding, qa, and production support. this position requires a strong mix of architecture / design thinking and hands-on-keyboard tool / code development. the ideal candidate will have 4+ years of experience developing and supporting software systems with special emphasis on big/ complex data and deriving meaning from data. s/he is a strong individual contributor with strong quantitative, analytical, strategic thinking and problem solving skills. essential duties and responsibilities: deliver data-centric solutions usable by a wide variety of user roles analyze, understand and exploit the data produced by existing eloquii and partner systems design, develop, test and maintain a coherent family of relational and non-relational databases full understanding of data lifecycle including special tools & techniques required for big data relational database experience is a must – analysis, modeling, logical & physical design, tuning. significant python development experience is a must. additional development tools are a plus design solutions and technical specs. develop solutions or supervise outsourced development experience with big data tools generally and etl tools / data lifecycle tools specifically is a must experience with end-user reporting tools is a must. (best if it's the solution we use: tableau) work with business users to ensure understanding of business process and proper implementation in software. ensure software follows best practices from a coding, testing and performance perspective. qualifications include: bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering or similar experience. 4+ years of hands-on development in python. solid understanding of internet technologies. experience developing api’s and web services. understanding of ecommerce technology. thrive in a fast paced environment. nice-to-haves include: amazon elastic search javascript/ node.js numpy / scipy tableau eloquii is an equal opportunity employer. please send resumes to careers@eloquii.com. tweet e-mail about us #xoq faqs in the press size chart privacy policy contact us shipping information returns + exchanges get $30 affiliates terms of use order tracking site map customer service stores careers help improve our site! email sign up be first to know! get the scoop on new arrivals, limited offers, and exclusive sales on fresh off-the-runway fashion fast tracked to you. tell us about your website experience how can we improve our site? anything not working for you? send us a message. or, are you interested in helping us improve your experience? let us know and be part of our user testing! email address * site feedback * submit thank you! we're happy to hear your feedback. be first to know get the scoop on new arrivals, limited offers and exclusive sales on fresh off-the-runway fashion. first name * email * birthday day 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 month jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec by checking here, you agree to our terms + conditions and privacy policy. with email entry, you are eligible to receive eloquii newsletters and can opt out at any time. * submit thank you! we're happy you found us. be first to know get the scoop on new arrivals, limited offers and exclusive sales on fresh off-the-runway fashion. first name * email * birthday day 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 month jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec by checking here, you agree to our terms + conditions and privacy policy. with email entry, you are eligible to receive eloquii newsletters and can opt out at any time. * submit thank you! we're happy you found us. © 2017 eloquii design, inc - all rights reserved follow us facebook instagram twitter pinterest youtube sign up for our email > thank you! we're happy you found us. customerservice@eloquii.com 1.844.693.5678 hours: 9am - 5:30pm est monday - friday get $30 returns + exchanges shipping order tracking faqs help improve our site! tell us about your website experience how can we improve our site? anything not working for you? send us a message. or, are you interested in helping us improve your experience? let us know and be part of our user testing! email address * site feedback * submit thank you! we're happy to hear your feedback. http://www.eloquii.com/on/demandware.store/sites-eloquii-site/default/sizechart-start?cid=tops