来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231075550/https://www.eloquii.com/help-page?cid=zq-custservice-returns
================================================================================

returns | eloquii skip to main content accessibility policy gift yourself: 450+ styles starting at $19* up to 60% off everything else* - code: eqgift choose express delivery to receive your order by 12/24* style exclusivelyin size 10-32 fashion first,fit obsessed.sizes 14+ affordable plus-size fashion,sizes 14-32 elevated firstlayer essentialsin 67 sizes. confidently currentstyles you'll lovein sizes 10-32 the swim experts, fitting sizes 4-44 usa cancel card credit card pay my bill don't have your card yet? apply today! enjoy these top rewards and special benefits when you use the fullbeauty credit card: earn rewards every time you shop $10 rewards for every 200 points earned at fullbeauty brands. 1 point earned for every $1 spent with your card.3 free shipping up to 4 times a year use promo code fbshipping2024 minimum purchase of $75.4 a special birthday surprise! we'll send you an exclusive offer for your orders placed during your birthday month.5 learn more sign in sign in email* show password* keep me signed in forgot password by signing in, you agree to our terms of use, returns policy and privacy policy. sign in use any of our family brands login information. onestopplus®, woman within®, roaman's®, catherines®, jessica london®, ellos®, intimates for all™, shoes for all™, swimsuits for all®, brylanehome®, king size®, active for all®, june+vie™, fullbeauty outlet®, eloquii, dia shop and avenue. or sign in with google sign in with facebook sign in with apple create account enhance your shopping experience & get rewards track my order return order 0 my bag 0 my bag back sign in new dresses tops denim bottoms jackets work wear accessories eloquii x kate spade new york deals featured best sellers faux leather shop sequin shop sweater edit the workwear edit going out customer favorites matching sets now trending: red holiday shop influencer picks dresses mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses jumpsuits occasion dresses work dresses date night dresses black dresses denim dresses sweater dresses tops shirts & blouses sweaters & cardigans knitwear tees & tanks work tops night out tops denim wide leg straight slim skinny flare loose light wash medium wash dark wash black white bottoms pants wide leg pants the iconic kady pant leggings skirts shorts denim work wear jackets blazers coats jackets vests work tops dresses blazers bottoms suiting the ultimate suit the 365 suit the iconic kady pant elements eloquii elements tops and sweaters eloquii elements bottoms eloquii elements dresses eloquii elements sets eloquii elements layering pieces accessories jewelry handbags & clutches rad + rae belts hair hats & scarves tights boots intimates bridal the wedding shop gowns wedding day looks beyond the ceremony looks separates accessories bridal events bachelorette party rehearsal dinner bridal shower sale dresses & jumpsuits tops sweaters bottoms jeans outerwear swimwear boots & accessories bridal final sale up to 85% off new to clearance shipping to united states be the first to know stay up to date with all of our great fitting styles and new season arrivals. plus, enjoy 50% off your highest price item. email address sign up thanks for signing up. check your inbox to enjoy 50% off your highest priced item. you have 48 hours to use your special offer before it expires! thank you for your interest in our brand and your request to receive emails! unfortunately we are not able to accept orders from your country at this time or send you emails. as such, we will not store your email address at this time. we hope to be able to serve you in the future. we're sorry, there was a problem adding your email to our list. please try again later. customer service help email us call us 1-800-400-5527 quick links track my order return order update my profile home home customer service customer service secondary navigation customer service menu customer service menu shipping info shopping info exchanges fullbeauty platinum credit card returns gift cards elq rewards member agreement size guide contact us faqs customer service your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. returns new: faster & easier returns tried it on and don’t love it? we completely understand. now you can return items in-person for fast returns and refunds! we partner with happy returns to offer safe, contactless, and sustainable returns. with over 5,000 drop-off locations nationwide, us-based customers can return all unused, unworn, unwashed, or defective merchandise within 30 days of the ship date. 4 easy steps: 1. click the button below and enter your order number and zip code 2. for a free return select the e-gift card refund option 3. choose the happy returns “return bar” option to receive your qr code for a no-contact drop-off 4. once your item has been dropped off, your refund will be initiated immediately start my return log in to your account to find your order number returns for items shipped directly from third-party brands, heavy items, and items purchased through websites like amazon or walmart cannot be processed through happy returns. see instructions below. learn about our exchange process common questions returns policy our goal is your complete satisfaction! if we have not delighted you, all unused, unworn, unwashed, or defective merchandise may be returned within 30 days of ship date. your return is free when you select a refund in the form of a non-expiring e-gift card. the e-gift card will be in the dollar amount of your returned item(s). you can also choose to receive a refund back to your original payment method; however, charges may apply. all sales are final after the 30-day period. a refund will not be processed for products received after 30 days from the ship date. to return items shipped directly from third party brands, heavy items, items purchased through websites like amazon and walmart see the relevant section below. final sale items cannot be returned or exchanged. if you return a final sale item, you will not be refunded for the item or shipment and the item will be donated to a charity local to our indianapolis, in distribution center. how to start a return online - fast and easy we partner with happy returns to offer safe, contactless, and sustainable returns. with over 2,600 drop-off locations nationwide, us-based customers can return all unused, unworn, unwashed, or defective merchandise within 30 days of the ship date. 1. start your return 2. enter order number and zip code 3. select the “item” and “reason for return” 4. select “refund method”: a. free return in exchange for a non-expiring e-gift card for the full dollar amount of your returned item(s). this card is redeemable at any fullbeauty brand: woman within, roaman’s, catherine’s, jessica london, ellos, active for all, intimates for all, shoes for all, swimsuits for all, brylane home, kingsize, onestopplus, or fullbeauty outlet. if you select the “purchasing your own shipping label” option; shipping is at customers expense. b. refund to your original method of payment: a $10.99 fee will be deducted from your refund if you select the happy returns bar option or pre-paid shipping label return options. 5. select return method: a. drop off at happy returns bar: i. receive a qr code via email for no contact drop-off. ii. 2600+ drop off locations nationwide iii. no need to package or label your return iv. your refund will be initiated immediately; a $10.99 fee will be deducted from your refund when you choose to have your refund returned to your original method of payment b. return using the pre-paid shipping label: i. print pre-paid shipping label and packing slip ii. pack item securely, include packing slip and attach shipping label iii. drop package off at any fedex shipping locations iv. please keep your return tracking number for future reference v. processing may take 2-3 weeks, you will receive an email when completed vi. a $10.99 fee will be deducted from your refund when you choose your refund to be returned to your original method of payment c. return purchasing your own shipping label: i. print packing slip ii. pack item securely, include packing slip and attach shipping label at your cost iii. mail to: fullbeauty brands, inc. 2300 southeastern avenue indianapolis, in 46283 iv. please keep your return tracking number for future reference v. processing may take 2-3 weeks, you will receive an email when completed. how to start a return with a packing slip – may take 2-3 weeks we offer a convenient way for you to return your item(s) using the invoice and documentation provided with the original packaging. 1. find the packing slip in the original packaging of your order 2. select the “item” and “reason for return” 3. select “refund method”: a. free return in exchange for a non-expiring e-gift card for the full dollar amount of your returned item(s). this card is redeemable at any fullbeauty brand: woman within, roaman’s, catherines, jessica london, ellos, active for all, intimates for all, shoes for all, swimsuits for all, brylane home, kingsize, onestopplus, fullbeauty outlet or eloquii. if you select the “purchasing your own shipping label” option; shipping is at customer’s expense. b. refund to your original method of payment: a $10.99 fee will be deducted from your refund when you choose your refund to be returned to original method of payment 4. select return method: a. return using the pre-paid shipping label: i. print pre-paid shipping label and packing slip ii. pack item securely, include packing slip and attach shipping label iii. drop package off at any fedex shipping locations iv. please keep your return tracking number for future reference v. processing may take 2-3 weeks, you will receive an email when completed. vi. a $10.99 fee will be deducted from your refund when you choose to have your refund returned to your original method of payment c. return purchasing your own shipping label: i. print packing slip ii. pack item securely, include packing slip and attach shipping label at your cost iii. mail to: fullbeauty brands, inc. 2300 southeastern avenue indianapolis, in 46283 iv. please keep your return tracking number for future reference v. processing may take 2-3 weeks, you will receive an email when completed. how to return a heavy item have a heavy item to return? an item is considered a heavy item if over 70 lbs. all oversized and heavy items must be returned individually using fedex ground at the customer's expense. schedule a pickup by calling (800) 463-3339. my refund returns for refund to e-gift card your return is free when you select a refund in the form of a non-expiring e-gift card. it takes approximately 2-3 weeks to receive and process your return. customers with email addresses should expect to receive an email with their e-gift card information in approximately 1 week from receipt of the return processed email. for customers without an email address, please allow an additional week to receive a letter in the mail containing your gift card information. e-gift cards cannot be redeemed for cash or credit. it is important to retain the e-gift card number/pin for your records. fullbeauty brands is not responsible for lost or stolen e-gift cards. e-gift card information is only retained in our system for 90 days. after that, your e-gift card will still be valid, but you will need to provide the details noted on your refund email to redeem the e-gift card towards a new order. returns for refund to original payment method refunds credited back to your original method of payment (minus a $10.99 fee, if applicable, usually take approximately 3 weeks to process, and it may take up to two billing cycles for your credit to appear on your monthly statement. if you made your purchase with a check, money order or gift card, a refund check will be mailed to the billing address you entered when placing your order. please note: if you completed an order as a partial payment with a gift card and/or rewards certificate and an alternative payment method, the refund will be credited to the alternative payment method used to place the order. a refund or exchange will not be processed for products that have been worn or washed that do not meet exchange or refund criteria or are received after 30 days from the original ship date. all sales are final after 30 days. my return status checking on a return is easy. simply select order status. once your return is received, it will be listed as "returned" along with the date we received and processed it. do we have your email address? if you're a registered user or if you have provided us with your email address, you’ll receive two confirmation emails. the first confirmation email will be sent to you when we receive your return, and the second confirmation email will be sent to you when your return has been processed. it takes approximately 2-3 weeks for us to receive and process your return, please allow an additional 7 business days for the return credit to post to your account. can i track my return? yes! if you used the return label provided by us, just visit usps.com and enter the tracking number provided at the time of your return. for tracking heavy item returns, visit fedex.com to check your order status. once we’ve received and processed your return, the status in your account will change to "returned". processing typically takes up to 2-3 weeks from the time you mail the return. returning items purchased with a gift card if you used a gift card to pay for the entire purchase, you will receive a refund check for the merchandise total issued to the billing address entered when you placed your order. if you completed an order as a partial payment with a gift card and/or rewards certificate and an alternative payment method, the refund will be credited to the alternative payment method used to place the order (see my refund section above for more information). third-party returns & exchanges please follow the instructions on the packing slip provided in your third party shipment and return to the indicated return address. third-party vendor’s return policies may vary. all sales are final 30 days after ship date. please return the item(s) and allow approximately 3-4 weeks for your return to be processed and the refund to post to your account — less return label charges and postage fees (see my refund section above for more information). exchanges can not be processed for third party orders. amazon, walmart and target returns for orders placed on 3rd party vendor websites, items should be returned through the original purchase website; third-party vendor’s return policies may vary. all sales are final 30 day after ship date. *please see amazon return process here *please see walmart return process here *please see target return process here international customers our goal is your complete satisfaction! if we have not delighted you, all unused, unworn, unwashed or defective merchandise may be returned within 30 days from receipt. returns received after 30 days will not be accepted. we recommend that you use your local postal service to facilitate the returns back to our facility. postal carriers have more flexibility in working with you to clear your items through customs. we also recommend that you select an insured and trackable option as we are not responsible for lost or damaged packages. further, the customer is the exporter of record from the destination country and is responsible for all charges including freight, duties and brokerage costs incurred to return an item to the fullbeauty brands fulfillment center in the united states. title and risk of loss are yours and only transfer to us once the product is received at our fulfillment center. to start the returns process, please use the global-e returns portal to receive a return label for your order. please note that the shipping costs paid at the time of the order will not be refunded. questions or concerns should be directed to customer service or by calling 915-225-4392 we’re here to help call us 1-844-693-5678 email us customer service be the first to know stay up to date with all of our great fitting styles and new season arrivals. plus, enjoy 50% off your highest price item. email address sign up thanks for signing up. check your inbox to enjoy 50% off your highest priced item. you have 48 hours to use your special offer before it expires! thank you for your interest in our brand and your request to receive emails! unfortunately we are not able to accept orders from your country at this time or send you emails. as such, we will not store your email address at this time. we hope to be able to serve you in the future. we're sorry, there was a problem adding your email to our list. please try again later. text join to 63027 for exclusive access to special offers & to receive 50% off your highest priced item! sign up for texts *msg&data rates may apply. recurring autodialed marketing messages will be sent to the mobile number provided at opt-in. consent is not a condition of purchase. text stop to quit. t&cs & privacy policy free exchanges every day! our goal is your complete satisfaction! learn more free us standard shipping on all orders $125+ learn more customer service customer service contact us shopping info shipping info returns exchanges billing & payment size chart international faq my account my account sign in / register track my order return order order history wishlist my elq rewards credit card credit card learn more pay my bill gift cards gift card balance egift card gift cards gift card balance egift card eloquii eloquii about us careers about fullbeauty brands shipping to 6 brands 1 easy checkout privacy policy terms of use your privacy choices california transparency in supply chains act accessibility statement ©2024 fullbeauty brands operations, llc. all rights reserved. eloquii® is registered trademark of fullbeauty brands operations, llc. this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. close be the first to know be the first to know keep up with our latest offers, arrivals & more - it's easier than ever! mobile phone number successyou're all set!a text message has been sent to . reply with y to confirm. something went wrong sorry, we are having trouble connecting to the system. please try again later. *by signing up for texts, you agree to receive automated recurring marketing messages from fullbeauty brands and accept the terms & privacy policy. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg & data rates may apply. text stop to unsubscribe. sign up for texts