来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229005347/http://www.worldtraveler.com/terms.asp
================================================================================

www.worldtraveler.com questions? 1-800-314-2247 store locations view cart about us my account home welcome! kaehler has been recognized within the industry over 90+ years as a luggage retailer. as a retailer, kaehler shops the world market for products and selects only the very best in each classification to bring to our consumer.about us 110% price match guarantee if you should happen to find a lower price*, we will gladly refund you 110% of the difference between the lower price and our price up to a full 30 days after your purchase. shop by brands shop by brands featured brands tumi brics briggs & riley hartmann kaehler 1920 lipault rimowa ghurka more brands dr. koffer leather knomo filson antler luggage baggallini boconi sea to summit grand trunk travelon high sierra knirps umbrellas lewis & clark lo & sons stewart/stand stm bags victorinox dakine lodis osgoode marley osprey pacsafe pursen royce leather topo designs fjallraven shop by category pick a category luggage carry on luggage spinners luggage hard side luggage light weight luggage leather luggage children's luggage cases briefcases ipad cases cosmetic cases laptop sleeves backpacks bags laptop bags tote bags garment bags duffel bags messenger bags women's travel women's luggage totes & shoppers women's accessories women's laptop bags women's wallets women's clothing travel accessories umbrellas packing security comfort accessories electronics dopp kits hygiene men's wallets women's wallets passport & wallets leather padfolios leather dopp kits leather accessories rolling laptop bags rfid luggage repair travel tips travel checklist tsa regulations sale stores winnetka store highland park store lincoln park store michigan ave store oakbrook store woodfield mall store blog featured brands tumi brics briggs & riley ghurka hartmann kaehler 1920 lipault rimowa victorinox shop by brands baggallini bellroy boconi dakine dr. koffer leather filson fjallraven grand trunk high sierra ivar packs kelty knirps umbrellas knomo lewis & clark lo & sons lodis mosey life osgoode marley osprey pacsafe pursen royce leather sea to summit stewart/stand stm bags travelon topo designs shop by category backpacks briefcases carry on luggage duffel bags garment bags gifts & gadgets hard side luggage laptop bags laptop sleeves leather goods rfid rolling laptop bags spinners suitcases tote and cabin bags travel accessories wallets wheeled backpacks wheeled packing cases articles & info kaehler luggage blog luggage repair carry-on restrictions luggage materials tsa regulations - carry on travel tips travel checklist guide: international travel w/ electronics bizrate store ratings summaryxkaehler luggage & travel goods is a participating store in bizrate's customer feedback program. your feedback will help improve their business and inform other customers. please be sure to complete a bizrate survey after every purchase!kaehler luggage & travel goods terms and conditions please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.copyrightthe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of travel outfitters, inc.. the collective work includes works that are licensed to travel outfitters, inc.. copyright 2003, travel outfitters, inc. all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with travel outfitters, inc. or purchasing travel outfitters, inc. products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with travel outfitters, inc. or to purchase travel outfitters, inc. products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by travel outfitters, inc.. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.trademarksall trademarks, service marks and trade names of travel outfitters, inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of travel outfitters, inc.warranty disclaimerthis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, travel outfitters, inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. travel outfitters, inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. travel outfitters, inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.limitation of liabilitytravel outfitters, inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if travel outfitters, inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.typographical errorsin the event that a travel outfitters, inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, travel outfitters, inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. travel outfitters, inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, travel outfitters, inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.term; terminationthese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by travel outfitters, inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.noticetravel outfitters, inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to travel outfitters, inc..miscellaneousyour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of california, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of travel outfitters, inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in los angeles county, california. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of travel outfitters, inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. travel outfitters, inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. travel outfitters, inc. may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.use of siteharassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a travel outfitters, inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.participation disclaimertravel outfitters, inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, travel outfitters, inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, travel outfitters, inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to travel outfitters, inc. in its sole discretion.indemnificationyou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless travel outfitters, inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account.third-party linksin an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, travel outfitters, inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with travel outfitters, inc., travel outfitters, inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of travel outfitters, inc.. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, travel outfitters, inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). winnetka 553 chestnut st. winnetka, il 60093 (847) 501-3990 highland park 670 central ave. highland park, il 60035 (847) 433-6500 lincoln park 814 w. north ave. chicago, il 60642 (312) 265-0698 michigan ave. 900 n. michigan ave. 6th fl. chicago, il 60611 (312) 951-8106 oakbrook 17w508 22nd st. oakbrook terrace, il 60181 (630) 833-2340 schaumburg woodfield mall, unit n-133 schaumburg, il 60173 (847) 619-8686 customer service help shipping & deliveries returns & exchanges site maps product index category index my account login/register shopping cart order status company info about us contact us privacy policy copyright ©  travel outfitters, inc.. all rights reserved.shopping cart powered by volusion.