来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141221050553/http://www.worldtraveler.com/customer-service/
================================================================================

customer service | kaehler luggage - worldtraveler.com search: search gift registry log in questions? 800.314.bags | free shipping! on orders over $99. cart $0.00 10% off all travel accessories on orders over $199 use coupon "10travel" you have no items in your shopping cart. compare (0) you have no items to compare. kaehler luggage menu luggage & bags top brands: view all brands luggage  carry-on luggagehardside luggagelightweight luggageleather luggagewheeled luggagekids' luggagegarment bagsduffels  carry-on duffelscanvas duffelsfoldable duffelslarge duffelsleather duffelswheeled duffelswomen's travel  women's luggagetotes & shopperswomen's accessorieswomen's clothingwomen's handbags featured brand - tumi luggage tumi luggage has been on the forefront of design innovation and quality in the luggage industry since 1975. tumi luggage has provided kaehler with a premium collection of luggage, cases, and accessories for over 36 years. kaehler is proud to carry an extensive collection of tumi products including leather, polycarbonate, and nylon bags. tumi luggage stands out as one of kaehler’s most trusted brands due to tumi’s high quality and consistent design. some of kaehler’s most discerning customers rely on tumi luggage to provide them with the most efficient bags made from the highest quality of materials. view tumi luggagebrands  featured brands  tumi luggage  tumi alpha 2tumi alpha tumi alpha lightweighttumi alpha bravotumi arrivetumi beacon hilltumi leathertumi mobile accessoriestumi tegra-litetumi walletstumi voyageurtumi vaportumi duffel bagstumi business accessoriestumi business casestumi backpackstumi carry-on luggagetumi ticontumi saletumi journeyrimowa  rimowa salsa deluxerimowa salsarimowa salsa airrimowa limborimowa topasrimowa stealthrimowa titaniumrimowa classic flightfilson bagsvictorinox luggage  altmont 3.0werks traveler 4.0architecture 3.0spectralexiconvictoriabellroybric's luggage  bric's bellagiobric's lifebric's prontobric's safaribric's x-bagbric's pininfarinabriggs & riley  baselinetranscendbrxverb@worktorqhartmann luggage  intensitytweedpc4belting leatherwingskaehler 1920  duffelsbriefcaseswalletspassport caseskeyfobslipaultghurka bags  express seriesghurka briefcasesghurka luggageghurka duffelsghurka garment bagsknomosea to summitdr. koffer leather  dr. koffer duffelsdr. koffer briefcasesosprey luggage  24/seven seriesmeridianporter seriesshuttle seriesozone lightweightmore brands  baggalliniboconifjallraven backpack collectiongrand trunkherschel supply co.high sierraivar packsjack spadekeltyknirpslewis n. clarklaticolo & sonslodismosey lifemywalitosgoode marleypacsafepursenroyce leatherstewart/standstm bagstopo designstravelon featured brand - rimowa rimowa luggage, a longstanding brand with a great reputation, has brought its leading reputation in polycarbonate luggage design from europe to north america. made in germany, rimowa luggage has constructed many signature, lightweight luggage lines that pays strict attention to both form and function. rimowa has been an industry leader since 1937 when rimowa developed the first aluminum luggage, inspired by jet planes and straying from the usual wooden trunks. view rimowabriefcases & business top brands: view all brands featured brand - kaehler 1920 kaehler 1920 is a maker of fine leather goods. all products are made in chicago using leathers from our neighbors, the horween leather company. now in its 4th generation, kaehler 1920 is committed to locally made goods of the highest quality. view kaehler 1920briefcases  men's briefcasesbriefcase for womenleather briefcaseswheeled briefcasesmessenger bagsbackpacks  wheeled backpackslaptop backpacksadventure backpackswomen's backpacksschool backpacksmessenger bags  shoulder bagslaptop messengersleather messengersfabric messengersbusiness accessories  padfolioslaptop sleevesmobile accessoriesleather accessoriesaccessories top brands: view all brands travel accessories  packingumbrellascomfortelectronicssecuritydopp kitspersonal caremen's walletswallets for womenpassport cases & walletsrfids featured brand - pacsafe pacsafe is a brand of high-quality smart travel gear with built-in innovative anti-theft technology. their gear includes adventure backpacks, urban and leisure bags, women’s bags, photography bags, motorcycle bags and travel accessories such as straps, cables and locks. outpac designs limited, makers of pacsafe®, was established in 1998 in hong kong by two aussie blokes who sailed most of the world’s oceans and clocked up visits to more than 80 countries. their own experiences and those of other travelers convinced them of the need for no-nonsense travel security. view pacsafesale  luggage & travelbusiness & briefcasesbackpacksduffelshandbagsaccessorieslocations  kaehler luggage winnetkakaehler luggage highland parkkaehler luggage lincoln parkkaehler luggage chicagokaehler luggage woodfield mallkaehler luggage oakbrook terrace 1920 - evanston, il kaehler luggage was founded in 1920 in chicago’s north shore town of evanston, il (original location pictured above, 1932). walter kaehler, a town locksmith, began receiving requests for new steamer trunks. kaehler recognized a need and began to stock and sell these trunks, and so emerged kaehler luggage - worldtraveler.com . today, four generations later, kaehler luggage is still managed under the kaehler family name. kaehler luggage also remains true to our chicago roots with six different chicagoland locations. view locations & hourstravel 101new  buyers' guides  travel accessoriesluggage materials7 essential bagshigh-quality luggage benefitstravel tips  setting your lock  rimowa luggage locktumi luggage lockpacking guidegetting through securityairline restrictions  3-1-1 liquids rulecarry-on size restrictionstsa phone battery ruleblog why shop with us? welcome! kaehler has been recognized within the industry over 90+ years as a luggage retailer. as a retailer, kaehler shops the world market for products and selects only the very best in each classification to bring to our consumer! read more.. about us free shipping within the usa if the items in your order total $99 or more, your order ships free! orders qualifying for free shipping are sent via ups ground. all orders under $99 have a ups ground cost of $6.95. see shipping options free shipping to canada we are now offering free shipping over $299 on all orders to canada. we are now able to provide a total landed cost including freight, customs fees, duties and taxes at time of checkout. you will not have any additional charges when your purchase arrives at your doorstep. see shipping options 110% price match guarantee if you should happen to find a lower price*, we will gladly refund you 110% of the difference between the lower price and our price up to a full 30 days after your purchase. see our price match home / customer service subscriber only promotions! don’t miss out on great savings and promotional offers only available to our newsletter subscribers! sign up to save and hear about what’s new at kaehler! no, thank you [x] customer service shipping & delivery privacy policy returns & exchanges payment, pricing & promotions 110% price match guarantee viewing orders updating account information shipping & delivery if the items in your order total $99 or more, your order ships free! orders qualifying for free shipping are sent via ups gound. ups ground shipments typically arrive within 7 business days from the time of shipment. orders are usually shipped within 1-3 business days after the order is placed. orders placed on saturday or sunday will not be processed until monday.all orders under $99 have a ups ground cost of $6.95. kaehler luggage is proud to support our american military forces overseas. we can ship to apo/fpo addresses via the united states postal service. delivery of military shipments may take up to 14 business days. please include your full name, rank, unit and 9-digit zip code. free shipping on orders over $99 is limited to ground continental us shipments. orders shipping to alaska and hawaii are excluded from the free shipping offer and subject to normal shipping rates calculated by ups. canada shipping kaehler is proud to offer free shipping on orders over $299*. in an effort to improve our shipping options for our canadian customers, we are pleased to announce our partnership with a canadian-based customs broker. we are now able to provide a total landed cost including freight, customs fees, duties and taxes at time of checkout. you will not have any additional charges when your purchase arrives. orders will be processed within 48 hours of your order. it will take an additional 4-7 days for your purchase to arrive. *if you would prefer to use ups or usps we would be happy to make this accommodation. however, free shipping does not apply to these couriers. please contact us at 1-800-314-2247 or email us for further details if you would like to use this option. 110% price match guarantee we always guarantee the lowest prices on all the products we sell. we will not be undersold! if you should happen to find a lower price*, we will gladly refund you 110% of the difference between the lower price and our price up to a full 30 days after your purchase. (offer valid on internet advertised prices only.) simply give us a call at 1-800-314-2247 or email us at support@worldtraveler.com with your order number and the name of the site with the lower price. we will then verify the price and process your price adjustment. *applies to in stock, factory-perfect, merchandise sold by authorized internet dealers. competitors' shipping charges, if any, will be included. this offer excludes closeout & flash sales. privacy policy this privacy policy sets out how worldtraveler uses and protects any information that you give worldtraveler when you use this website. worldtraveler is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. worldtraveler may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. what we collect we may collect the following information: name contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers what we do with the information we gather we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and in particular for the following reasons: for internal record keeping to improve our products and services to periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided to contact you from time to time for market research purposes via email, phone, fax or mail. security we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. how we use cookies a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. links to other websites our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. controlling your personal information you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at support@worldtraveler.com we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998. a small fee will be payable. if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 553 chestnut street winnetka, il 60093 if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. returns & exchanges every item we sell reflects our commitment to give you the best quality, service and value and nothing less. we stand behind our 100% satisfaction guarantee, one hundred percent! we offer a 30 day money back guarantee on items that are in new and unused condition! to make a return or exchange, simply contact us at support@worldtraveler.com or 1-800-314-2247 and we will instruct you on how to do so. please include your order number or last name with a reason for the return. the amount to be refunded will exclude the original shipping charges the customer is responsible for all shipping costs if seller is not at fault. please note that monogrammed items are not eligible for return or exchange. contact information: worldtraveler.com553 chestnut st winnetka, il 60093 ph: 1-800-314-2247 support@worldtraveler.com please contact customer service for more information on returning an item. thank you. payment, pricing & promotions we accept us bank issued credit cards including: visa, mastercard, american express and discover. we also accept paypal. while worldtraveler.com strives to provide accurate pricing information. pricing or typographical errors may occur. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price, worldtraveler.com shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. in this event we will either contact you for clarification or notify you of cancellation. viewing ordersto view your open orders and tracking information please login to your account here. updating account information to view your current account information and to update anything like street address / e-mail etc please login to your account here. site map search terms advanced search orders and returns contact us about us customer service about us today, after 90 years and four generations of family retail, kaehler luggage is still managed under the kaehler family name with six different chicagoland locations. kaehler continues to equip our travelers with exceptional luggage, fine leather goods, and the most up to date travel accessories, in addition to providing the highest standard of customer service. read more about us why shop with us? every item we sell reflects our commitment to give you the best quality, service and value. we offer a 30 day money back guarantee and we stand behind our 100% satisfaction guarantee! fast free shipping within the usa on orders over $99! free shipping to canada on orders over $299 with total landed cost to your door! if you should happen to find a lower price, we will gladly refund you 110% of the difference between the lower price and our price up to a full 30 days after your purchase! articles & info travel 101 travel checklist international carry-on size liquids rule international travel w/ electronics corporate accounts luggage repairs luggage materials guide company info toll free:800.314.bags847.386.6730 fax:847.386.6726 email:customer support worldtraveler.comkaehler1920.com newsletter subscribe company info about us stores careers contact us your account login/register log out! your cart order status customer service shipping & deliveries returns & exchanges private policy follow us facebook instagram twitter blog copyright © 2014 travel outfitters, inc. all rights reserved. to top × login