来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20150910103320/http://www.worldtraveler.com/customer-service/
================================================================================

customer service | kaehler luggage search: search gift registry log in questions? (800) 314-bags | fast free shipping & returns! cart $0.00 10% off all travel accessories on orders over $199 use coupon "10travel" you have no items in your shopping cart. compare (0) you have no items to compare. kaehler luggage menu luggage & bags top brands: view all brands luggage  carry-on luggagehardside luggagelightweight luggageleather luggagewheeled luggagekids' luggagegarment bagsduffels  carry-on duffelscanvas duffelsfoldable duffelslarge duffelsleather duffelswheeled duffelswomen's travel  women's luggagetotes & shopperswomen's accessorieswomen's clothingwomen's handbags featured brand - lipault lipault, as a more recent addition to kaehler’s collections, has quickly established itself as a hit. born in the heart of paris, this collection delivers a fun, smart, lightweight new option for modern travelers. despite being a relatively young brand, founder francois lipovetsky's history of eight years in developing the luggage range for air france has allowed lipault to quickly establish itself as a leading symbol of style and ease. you will quickly find yourself a loyal follower of this line's lightweight luggage, carry-ons, and totes. it is a collection that knows how to offer style and ease in the freshest perspective for today's travelers. view lipault luggagebrands  featured brands  tumi  tumi alpha 2tumi alpha tumi alpha bravotumi arrivetumi leathertumi mobile accessoriestumi tegra-litetumi walletstumi voyageurtumi vaportumi duffel bagstumi business accessoriestumi business casestumi backpackstumi carry-on luggagetumi ticontumi sale  tumi backpacks saletumi bag saletumi carry-on saletumi journeyrimowa  rimowa salsa deluxerimowa salsarimowa salsa airrimowa limborimowa topasrimowa stealthrimowa titaniumrimowa classic flightsee all rimowa productsfilson bagsvictorinox luggage  ch-97 2.0altmont 3.0werks traveler 4.0werks traveler 5.0architecture 3.0spectra 2.0lexiconvictoriavx sportvictorinox salebellroybric's luggage  bric's bellagiobric's lifebric's prontobric's safaribric's x-bagbriggs & riley  baselinetranscendbrxverb@worktorqbriggs & riley salehartmann luggage  intensitytweedbelting leatherwingskaehler 1920  duffelsbriefcaseswallets  passport casesaccessories  keyfobsthe portfoliothe travel kitlipaultghurka bags  express seriesghurka briefcasesghurka luggageghurka duffelsghurka garment bagsknomo bagssea to summitdr. koffer leatherosprey luggage  24/seven seriesmeridianporter seriesshuttle seriesozone lightweightgranite gearmore brands  baggalliniboconifjallraven backpack collectiongrand trunkheys luggageherschel supply co.high sierrahobo bagsivar packsjack spadekeltyknirpslewis n. clarklaticolo & sonslodismosey lifemywalitosgoode marleypacsafepursenroyce leatherstewart/standstm bagstopo designstravelon featured brand - rimowa rimowa luggage, a longstanding brand with an unmatched perspective in luggage, has brought its leading reputation in polycarbonate luggage design from europe to north america. made in germany, this collection has constructed many signature, lightweight luggage lines that pay strict attention to both form and function. this brand has been an industry leader since 1937 when it developed the first aluminum luggage, inspired by jet planes and straying from the usual wooden trunks. view rimowabriefcases & business top brands: view all brands featured brand - kaehler 1920 kaehler 1920 is a maker of fine leather goods. all products are made in chicago using leathers from our neighbors, the horween leather company. now in its 4th generation, kaehler 1920 is committed to locally made goods of the highest quality. view kaehler 1920briefcases  briefcase for menbriefcase for womenleather briefcaseswheeled briefcasesmessenger bagsbackpacks  wheeled backpackslaptop backpacksadventure backpackswomen's backpacksschool backpacksmessenger bags  shoulder bagslaptop messengersleather messengersfabric messengersbusiness accessories  padfolioslaptop sleevesmobile accessoriesleather accessoriesaccessories top brands: view all brands travel accessories  packingumbrellasluggage tagscomfortelectronicssecuritydopp kitspersonal caremen's walletswallets for womenpassport cases & walletsrfids featured brand - knirps knirps umbrellas offer an unrivaled class of protection against the elements at the cutting edge of design and style. founded in 1928 in germany, knirps has years of experience in umbrella design, winning its claim to fame for creating the folding umbrella- a staple for the traveler who needs to pack smart. today, they continue to stay on the forefront of design with a collection that ranges from large canopy umbrellas to conveniently small foldable styles. view knirpssale  luggage & travelbusiness & briefcasesbackpacksduffelshandbagsaccessorieslocations  kaehler luggage winnetkakaehler luggage highland parkkaehler luggage lincoln parkkaehler luggage chicagokaehler luggage oakbrook terrace 1920 - evanston, il kaehler luggage was founded in 1920 in chicago’s north shore town of evanston, il (original location pictured above, 1932). walter kaehler, a town locksmith, began receiving requests for new steamer trunks. kaehler recognized a need and began to stock and sell these trunks, and so emerged kaehler luggage - worldtraveler.com . today, four generations later, kaehler luggage is still managed under the kaehler family name. kaehler luggage also remains true to our chicago roots with five different chicagoland locations. view locations & hourstravel 101  buyers' guides  travel accessoriesluggage materials7 essential bagshigh-quality luggage benefitsbrand warranty guideluggage comparison  tumi tegra-lite max vs. rimowa salsa deluxe hybrid : carry-offbriggs & riley baseline vs. tumi alpha 2: carry-offvictorinox lexicon vs. briggs & riley baseline: carry-offlipault vs. bric's x-bag : carry-offtravel tips  setting your lock  rimowa luggage locktumi luggage lockpacking guidegetting through securitygetting through customsairline restrictions  3-1-1 liquids rulecarry-on size restrictionstsa phone battery ruleunited's carry-on sizing featured article - tumi tegra-lite max vs. rimowa salsa deluxe the tumi tegra-lite max and the rimowa salsa deluxe hybrid are two top tier bags that represent the cutting edge of travel luggage today. looking at these two front-pocketed models, we decided to delve into the questions we often get asked on how they compare. let’s see just how smooth these two competitors are when it comes to a competition in our carry-off. continue readingblog why shop with us? welcome! kaehler has been recognized within the industry over 95 years as a luggage retailer. as a retailer, kaehler shops the world market for products and selects only the very best in each classification to bring to our consumer! we offer fast free shipping & returns! read more about us free shipping within the usa if the items in your order total $99 or more, your order ships free! orders qualifying for free shipping are sent via ups ground. all orders under $99 have a ups ground cost of $9.95. see shipping options free shipping to canada we are now offering free shipping over $299 on all orders to canada. we are now able to provide a total landed cost including freight, customs fees, duties and taxes at time of checkout. you will not have any additional charges when your purchase arrives at your doorstep. see shipping options 110% price match guarantee if you should happen to find a lower price*, we will gladly refund you 110% of the difference between the lower price and our price up to a full 30 days after your purchase. see our price match home / customer service customer service shipping & delivery privacy policy live inventory in-store pickup returns & exchanges payment, pricing & promotions 110% price match guarantee viewing orders updating account information shipping & delivery if the items in your order total $99 or more, your order ships free! orders qualifying for free shipping are sent via ups gound. ups ground shipments typically arrive within 7 business days from the time of shipment. orders are usually shipped within 1-3 business days after the order is placed. orders placed on saturday or sunday will not be processed until monday.all orders under $99 have a ups ground cost of $9.95. kaehler luggage is proud to support our american military forces overseas. we can ship to apo/fpo addresses via the united states postal service. delivery of military shipments may take up to 14 business days. please include your full name, rank, unit and 9-digit zip code. free shipping on orders over $99 is limited to ground continental us shipments. orders shipping to alaska and hawaii are excluded from the free shipping offer and subject to normal shipping rates calculated by ups. canada shipping kaehler is proud to offer free shipping on orders over $299*. in an effort to improve our shipping options for our canadian customers, we are pleased to announce our partnership with a canadian-based customs broker. we are now able to provide a total landed cost including freight, customs fees, duties and taxes at time of checkout. you will not have any additional charges when your purchase arrives. orders will be processed within 48 hours of your order. it will take an additional 4-7 days for your purchase to arrive. *if you would prefer to use ups or usps we would be happy to make this accommodation. however, free shipping does not apply to these couriers. please contact us at 1-800-314-2247 or email us for further details if you would like to use this option. live inventory do you need an item today, or wish to get a closer look at an item in person? our live inventory allows you to see if an item is available in-stores, as well as the colors each store location carries. always call to ensure availability, and request that the item be put on reserve for you so it is available upon arrival. in-store pickup if you see an item online that you would like to pick up at a store near you, use our store pickup option at checkout. when it is more convenient for you to pick up in a store we will put an item on hold immediately after your checkout, and have it available within 3 business days at the store location of your choice. a kaehler team member will contact you as soon as the item is available. 110% price match guarantee we always guarantee the lowest prices on all the products we sell. we will not be undersold! if you should happen to find a lower price*, we will gladly refund you 110% of the difference between the lower price and our price up to a full 30 days after your purchase. (offer valid on internet advertised prices only.) simply give us a call at 1-800-314-2247 or email us at support@worldtraveler.com with your order number and the name of the site with the lower price. we will then verify the price and process your price adjustment. *applies to in stock, factory-perfect, merchandise sold by authorized internet dealers. competitors' shipping charges, if any, will be included. this offer excludes closeout & flash sales. privacy policy this privacy policy sets out how worldtraveler uses and protects any information that you give worldtraveler when you use this website. worldtraveler is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. worldtraveler may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. what we collect we may collect the following information: name contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers what we do with the information we gather we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and in particular for the following reasons: for internal record keeping to improve our products and services to periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided to contact you from time to time for market research purposes via email, phone, fax or mail. security we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. how we use cookies a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. links to other websites our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. controlling your personal information you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at support@worldtraveler.com we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998. a small fee will be payable. if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 553 chestnut street winnetka, il 60093 if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. returns & exchanges we are extending our return policy for the holidays! extended until 01/31/2015 every item we sell reflects our commitment to give you the best quality, service and value and nothing less. we stand behind our 100% satisfaction guarantee, one hundred percent! we offer a 30 day money back guarantee on items that are in new and unused condition! standard return policy - if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it free of charge! just e-mail/call us within 30 days of the confirmed shipping date, and we will send you a prepaid ups label for your product(s). 1. product must be in new, unused condition. your card will be credited the original price of the product once kaehler luggage has received and processed your return (original shipping fees will not be refunded). items returned to kaehler luggage that are not in new, unused condition will be returned to the shipping address on file. 2. credits will be issued within 3 to 4 business days from when we receive your returned product(s). credit card companies vary on the time it takes for credit to appear on their customers' records. please allow 7-10 business days for the credit to appear on your statement. 3. all international and apo/fpo sales are final. kaehler luggage does not accept international or apo/fpo returns. 4. the free return offer is not available on items being returned from outside the contiguous united states or bulk orders where a restocking fee may be applied by the manufacturer. 5. kaehler luggage does not accept returns on personalized merchandise. 6. all products must be returned in box or envelope. 7. items that included a gwp (gift with purchase) that are returned must be accompanied with the gwp item or the advertised value of the gwp will be withheld from the credited amount. please note that monogrammed items are not eligible for return or exchange. contact information: worldtraveler.com553 chestnut st winnetka, il 60093 ph: 1-800-314-2247 support@worldtraveler.com please contact customer service for more information on returning an item. thank you. payment, pricing & promotions we accept us bank issued credit cards including: visa, mastercard, american express and discover. we also accept paypal. while worldtraveler.com strives to provide accurate pricing information. pricing or typographical errors may occur. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price, worldtraveler.com shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. in this event we will either contact you for clarification or notify you of cancellation. viewing ordersto view your open orders and tracking information please login to your account here. updating account information to view your current account information and to update anything like street address / e-mail etc please login to your account here. site map search terms advanced search orders and returns contact us about us customer service about us today, after 95 years and four generations of family retail, kaehler luggage is still managed under the kaehler family name with five different chicagoland locations. kaehler continues to equip our travelers with exceptional luggage, fine leather goods, and the most up to date travel accessories, in addition to providing the highest standard of customer service. read more about us the perfect gift for every traveler! why shop with us? every item we sell reflects our commitment to give you the best quality, service and value. we offer a 30 day money back guarantee and we stand behind our 100% satisfaction guarantee! fast free shipping within the usa on orders over $99! free shipping to canada on orders over $299 with total landed cost to your door! if you should happen to find a lower price, we will gladly refund you 110% of the difference between the lower price and our price up to a full 30 days after your purchase! articles & info travel 101 the ultimate travel checklist international carry-on size liquids rule international travel w/ electronics corporate accounts luggage repairs luggage materials guide company info call us:(800) 314-bags(847) 386-6730 email us:customer support our websites:worldtraveler.comkaehler1920.com newsletter subscribe company info about us stores careers contact us your account login/register log out! your cart order status customer service shipping & deliveries returns & exchanges private policy follow us facebook instagram twitter blog copyright © 2015 travel outfitters, inc. all rights reserved. to top × login