来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161025121028/http://www.worldtraveler.com/customer-service/
================================================================================

customer service | kaehler luggage free shipping & returns*! best price guarantee locations (800) 314-2247 menu search account compare kaehler luggage - worldtraveler.com outfitting world travelers since 1920! search: search cart 10% off all travel accessories in our accessories section on orders over $99 use coupon "10travel" you have no items in your shopping cart. compare you have no items to compare. log in menu luggage luggage by brand tumirimowabriggs & rileylipaultvictorinoxbric's osprey luggage carry-on luggagehardside luggagelightweight luggageleather luggagewheeled luggagekids' luggagegarment bagswomen luggage carry-on luggagechecked luggageduffelswheeled totestravel bags crossbodylaptop briefcasesshoulder bagsbackpackstravel by brand lipaulttumibaggallinilo & sonsknomotravel clothing topsbottomsdressesscarves & wrapsundergarmentsouterweartravel accessories hair styling productswallets & passportscosmetic casesjewelryhatsclothing brands exofficioeileen fishernic + zoejoseph ribkoffpeace of clothmen briefcases leather briefcaseswheeled briefcasesnylon briefcasescanvas briefcasesmessenger bagsbackpacks tumibriggs & rileyvictorinoxivarospreybags by brand tumikaehler 1920ghurkaknomofilsonduffels canvas duffelsnylon duffelsleather duffelswheeled duffelswallets & leather goods slim walletsbifold walletspassport walletspadfoliostravel kitswallets by brand kaehler 1920bellroytumiboconiosgoode marleytravel accessories travel accessories packingumbrellasluggage tagscomfortelectronicssecuritydopp kitspersonal carepassport casesrfids featured brand - knirps knirps umbrellas offer an unrivaled class of protection against the elements at the cutting edge of design and style. founded in 1928 in germany, knirps has years of experience in umbrella design, winning its claim to fame for creating the folding umbrella- a staple for the traveler who needs to pack smart. today, they continue to stay on the forefront of design with a collection that ranges from large canopy umbrellas to conveniently small foldable styles. view knirpssaletravel 101 buyers' guides travel accessoriesluggage materials7 essential bagshigh-quality luggage benefitsbrand warranty guideluggage comparison tumi tegra-lite max vs. rimowa salsa deluxe hybridbriggs & riley baseline vs. tumi alpha 2victorinox lexicon vs. briggs & riley baselinelipault vs. bric's x-bagbriggs & riley transcend vs. victorinox werks traveler 5.0tumi tegra-lite vs. hartmann innovairebric's bellagio vs. rimowa limbotravel tips setting your lock rimowa luggage locktumi luggage lockpacking guidetravel adapters guidegetting through securitygetting through customsairline restrictions 3-1-1 liquids rulecarry-on size restrictionsunited's carry-on sizing featured article - tumi tegra-lite max vs. rimowa salsa deluxe the tumi tegra-lite max and the rimowa salsa deluxe hybrid are two top tier bags that represent the cutting edge of travel luggage today. looking at these two front-pocketed models, we decided to delve into the questions we often get asked on how they compare. continue readingbrands featured brands tumi tumi alpha 2tumi alpha tumi alpha bravotumi larkintumi leathertumi tegra-litetumi v3tumi vapor litetumi voyageurtumi business accessoriestumi business casestumi backpackstumi carry-on luggagetumi duffel bagstumi walletstumi journeytumi mobile accessoriestumi salerimowa luggage rimowa salsa deluxerimowa salsarimowa salsa airrimowa limborimowa topasrimowa stealthrimowa titaniumrimowa classic flightrimowa bolerorimowa bossa novasee all rimowa productsfilson bagsvictorinox  ch-97 2.0altmont 3.0werks traveler 5.0architecture 3.0spectra 2.0lexiconvictoriavx sportvictorinox salebellroybric's bric's bellagiobric's lifebric's prontobric's x-bagbriggs & riley baselinetranscendbrxsympaticotorqverb@workbriggs & riley salekinzie streethartmannkaehler 1920 duffelsbriefcaseswalletsaccessoriessalelipaultghurka bags express seriesghurka briefcasesghurka luggageghurka duffelsghurka garment bagsknomo bagssea to summitosprey  24/seven seriesmeridianporter seriesshuttle seriesgranite gearsamsonitemore brands bluesmartbaggalliniboconifjallraven backpack collectiongrand trunkhexheys luggageherschel supply co.hobo bagsivar packsjack spadeknirpslewis n. clarklaticolesportsaclo & sonslodismywalitosgoode marleypacsafepursenroyce leatherstewart/standstm bagstopo designstravelonwill leather goodsted bakerlocations kaehler luggage - winnetkakaehler luggage - highland parkkaehler luggage - lincoln parkkaehler luggage - chicagokaehler luggage - oakbrook terracekaehler luggage - repair facility 1920 - evanston, il kaehler luggage was founded in 1920 in chicago’s north shore town of evanston, il (original location pictured above, 1932). walter kaehler, a town locksmith, began receiving requests for new steamer trunks. view locations & hoursblog home customer service no, thank you [x] success! please insert a valid email address. submit close [x] customer service shipping & delivery privacy policy live inventory in-store pickup returns & exchanges payment, pricing & promotions best price guarantee viewing orders updating account information shipping & delivery if the items in your order total $99 or more, your order ships free! orders qualifying for free shipping are sent via ups gound. ups ground shipments typically arrive within 7 business days from the time of shipment. orders are usually shipped within 1-3 business days after the order is placed. orders placed on saturday or sunday will not be processed until monday.all orders under $99 have a ups ground cost of $9.95. kaehler luggage is proud to support our american military forces overseas. we can ship to apo/fpo addresses via the united states postal service. delivery of military shipments may take up to 14 business days. please include your full name, rank, unit and 9-digit zip code. free shipping on orders over $99 is limited to ground continental us shipments. orders shipping to alaska and hawaii are excluded from the free shipping offer and subject to normal shipping rates calculated by ups. canada shipping kaehler is proud to offer free shipping on orders over $299*. in an effort to improve our shipping options for our canadian customers, we are pleased to announce our partnership with a canadian-based customs broker. we are now able to provide a total landed cost including freight, customs fees, duties and taxes at time of checkout. you will not have any additional charges when your purchase arrives. orders will be processed within 48 hours of your order. it will take an additional 4-7 days for your purchase to arrive. *if you would prefer to use ups or usps we would be happy to make this accommodation. however, free shipping does not apply to these couriers. please contact us at 1-800-314-2247 or email us for further details if you would like to use this option. live inventory do you need an item today, or wish to get a closer look at an item in person? our live inventory allows you to see if an item is available in-stores, as well as the colors each store location carries. always call to ensure availability, and request that the item be put on reserve for you so it is available upon arrival. in-store pickup if you see an item online that that is not available at your local store, use our store pickup option at checkout and we will get the item to the store that is most convenient for you. please allow 3 business days for the item to arrive. a kaehler team member will contact you as soon as the item is available. immediate returns are permitted upon viewing the item in-store. best price guarantee we always guarantee the lowest prices on all the products we sell. we will not be undersold! if you should happen to find a lower price*, we will gladly price match the lower price up to a full 30 days after your purchase. (offer valid on internet advertised prices only.) simply give us a call at 1-800-314-2247 or email us at support@worldtraveler.com with your order number and the name of the site with the lower price. we will then verify the price and process your price adjustment. *applies to in stock, factory-perfect, merchandise sold by authorized internet dealers. competitors' shipping charges, if any, will be included. this offer excludes closeout & flash sales. privacy policy this privacy policy sets out how worldtraveler uses and protects any information that you give worldtraveler when you use this website. worldtraveler is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. worldtraveler may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. what we collect we may collect the following information: name contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers what we do with the information we gather we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and in particular for the following reasons: for internal record keeping to improve our products and services to periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided to contact you from time to time for market research purposes via email, phone, fax or mail. security we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. how we use cookies a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. links to other websites our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. controlling your personal information you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at support@worldtraveler.com we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998. a small fee will be payable. if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 553 chestnut street winnetka, il 60093 if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. returns & exchanges every item we sell reflects our commitment to give you the best quality, service and value and nothing less. we stand behind our 100% satisfaction guarantee, one hundred percent! we offer a 30 day money back guarantee on items that are in new and unused condition. standard return policy - if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it free of charge. e-mail or call us within 30 days of the confirmed shipping date, and we will send you a prepaid ups label for your product(s). 1. product must be in new, unused condition. original price tags and vendor informational tags should still be attached or included in return shipment. your card will be credited the original price of the product once kaehler luggage has received and processed your return (original shipping fees will not be refunded). items returned to kaehler luggage that are not in new, unused condition will be returned to the shipping address on file. 2. credits will be issued within 3 to 4 business days from when we receive your returned product(s). credit card companies vary on the time it takes for credit to appear on their customers' records. please allow 7-10 business days for the credit to appear on your statement. 3. all international and apo/fpo sales are final. kaehler luggage does not accept international or apo/fpo returns. 4. the free return offer is not available on items being returned from outside the contiguous united states or bulk orders where a restocking fee may be applied by the manufacturer. 5. kaehler luggage does not accept returns on personalized merchandise. 6. all products must be returned in a box or envelope. 7. items that included a gwp (gift with purchase) that are returned must be accompanied with the gwp item or the advertised value of the gwp will be withheld from the credited amount. please note that monogrammed items are not eligible for return or exchange. contact information: worldtraveler.com553 chestnut st winnetka, il 60093 ph: 1-800-314-2247 support@worldtraveler.com please contact customer service for more information on returning an item. thank you. payment, pricing & promotions we accept us bank issued credit cards including: visa, mastercard, american express and discover. we also accept paypal. while worldtraveler.com strives to provide accurate pricing information. pricing or typographical errors may occur. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price, worldtraveler.com shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. in this event we will either contact you for clarification or notify you of cancellation. viewing orders to view your open orders and tracking information please login to your account here. updating account information to view your current account information and to update anything like street address / e-mail etc please login to your account here. join our newsletter for $25 off your first purchase over $250! newsletter subscribe of interest about us why shop with us? locations kaehler 1920 luggage repair travel adapters chart gift cards customer service my account shipping & deliveries returns & exchanges privacy policy careers review us! want to chat? (800) 314-2247 contact us email us press inquiry corporate accounts copyright © 2015 travel outfitters, inc. all rights reserved. *free shipping on orders over $99 (us). free shipping on orders over $299 (ca). × login register forgot password?