来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231033931/http://www.clickbank.com/sell-your-products/educator/
================================================================================

educator | clickbank international gear marketplace about us team careers press order support sign up login blog clickbank educator sell yourproducts are you an expert?your passions, hobbies or work experiences make you an expert. tell us about yourself and learn how more and more people just like you are monetizing what they know. author consultant educator hobbyist professional small biz owner speaker trainer established infopreneur become anaffiliate built an audience?your loyal online following is valuable and you can keep growing those relationships as a clickbank affiliate. discover how others like you are monetizing their audience. blogger list owner online retailer established affiliate ourplatform ready to monetize?whether you're looking to monetize your knowledge as an infopreneur or monetize your audience as an affiliate, clickbank gives you the features you need. clickbank powered platform clickbank diy clickbank for affiliates featuredproducts main navigation sell your products  -  author -  consultant -  educator -  hobbyist -  professional -  small biz owner -  speaker -  trainer -  established infopreneur become an affiliate  -  blogger -  list owner -  online retailer -  established affiliate our platform  -  clickbank powered platform -  clickbank diy -  clickbank for affiliates featured products gear marketplace about us  -  team -  careers -  press order support sign up login blog hundreds of professional educators just like you have discovered how to turn their existing knowledge and experience into an information business. they’re supplementing their salaries with income that’s not dependent on school budgets. and they’re earning that money doing what they love–helping students. learn how you can channel your passion for education into a money-making business. unfortunately, many teachers don’t receive the thanks or the pay they deserve. education is one of the few occupations where professionals with master’s degrees often don’t earn enough to support their families. sadly, far too many young teachers give up their dreams and leave the profession because they simply can’t afford to do what they love. at clickbank, we think that’s wrong… and we have a solution. we want to empower educators with a new business model that allows them to supplement their teaching income. we want great teachers to continue teaching–and we want them to have the opportunity to teach more people than ever before. we want to share the secrets that have allowed thousands of people just like you to turn the passions and skills they already had into money-making information businesses. we want to show you how to become an “infopreneur.” what’s an “infopreneur”? it’s short for “information entrepreneur,” and it’s our word for someone who turns his or her knowledge into a successful business. as a teacher, you’re one of the most educated people in our society—and you’re experienced in communicating that knowledge to others. that means you already have two of the most important building blocks that will allow you to construct an information business. we’d like to give you the piece you’re missing—a step-by-step plan that will help you take your current skills and abilities and use them to benefit students around the world. at the same time, you’ll be able to earn extra money to fund your dreams–the vacation, house, retirement, or college education that you’ve always wished you could afford. a changing economy means new opportunity if you’re like most educators, you’ve seen the effects of the economic downturn up close and in person. you’ve seen parents who have lost jobs and students who had to go without necessities as a result. if you teach in a private school or a college or university, you may have had students leave because they could no longer afford tuition. no matter where you teach, your school has probably experienced budget cutbacks. you may have seen good staff members laid off or important programs cut. you may even have lost your own job. but changing economic realities can hide great opportunities… for those know how to spot them. despite the financial troubles our schools are facing, the demand for quality education isn’t going away. in fact, enrollment in higher education programs is climbing upwards. in k-12 education, parents are more concerned than ever that their children might slip through the cracks due to growing class sizes and budget reductions. and cuts in programs like art, music, p.e. and foreign language means that now thousands of students are looking for ways to get the educational opportunities that their current schools are no longer offering. in short, the economic downturn is creating a huge market for educational services. where will all of those potential students turn for the education they want and need? at clickbank, we think those students should turn to you–existing teachers with the knowledge, experience and passion that can excite students about learning. and we think you should get paid for sharing what you know with others. there's nothing wrong with getting paid when we talk with other kinds of potential infopreneurs, most of them understand that their knowledge has value. doctors, lawyers, accountants, architects—most professionals know that they don’t have to give away their services for free, even if their customers really need the services they provide. but for some reason, educators often feel that they shouldn’t take money for helping other people. that’s hogwash. some of you may not have grasped that concept the first time, so like good teachers we’re going to repeat ourselves: there’s nothing wrong with getting paid to teach. we know that you didn’t become a teacher to get rich. and we know that your heart breaks for students who come from lower income brackets and don’t have the same advantages as other students. we get it. we feel the same way. that’s why we want to show you how to price your services so that as many people as possible can learn from you. ............ helping as many people as possible ............ in a traditional classroom setting the number of people you can help is limited to the number of chairs or desks in the classroom. that also limits your earning potential. consider this: in a k-12 classroom, you can only bring benefit to around 30 students at a time–maybe less. as a result, you can only get paid for the benefit you bring to 30 students. in a higher education setting, you might be able to help a couple of hundred students at a time, but you’re still limited. you’ll still get paid only for the benefit you bring to a couple of hundred students. but with an information business, you’ll have the ability to help thousands of people. more importantly, these are people who really want and need the educational services you have to offer. they aren’t going to be falling asleep or talking to their friends while you attempt to drum a little learning into their heads. you’ll be reaching people who are actively engaged and interested in what you have to say. potential students are waiting to learn from you maybe you think you don’t really have that much to offer–certainly not anything people would want to pay for. based on our experience with hundreds of other infopreneurs, people are interested in what you have to say. no matter how small your niche, we’re certain that you’ll find someone–probably a lot of someones–who are interested in your area of expertise. your knowledge might appeal to current students whose needs aren’t being met by their existing school… or special education students who need a little extra help… or gifted students who need extra challenge… or homeschoolers whose parents need assistance in a particular subject area… or adults who want the chance to learn what you can teach… or other educators who need help with curriculum development. the potential market is enormous. if you can reach just a small portion of that potential market, you’ll likely have more income than you ever expected. in fact, if you can find just 800 people who are interested in your area of expertise, you can develop a healthy income stream. here’s how it works: with just 800 customers, you can easily start supplementing your income. and we can show you how to continue increasing your audience and your product offerings so that your income stream continues to grow. does 800 customers seem like a lot? when you make your products and service available to everyone with access to the internet, you’ll be amazed by how many potential customers you find. in our experience, most entrepreneurs easily acquire 800 customers, and many find thousands more. ............ see what other educators-turned-entrepreneurs have to say ............ “i was writing articles and speaking, and wanted to work from home so i could homeschool my boys and care for my grandmother. once my first book, transcripts made easy, started selling i was hooked on how easy it was to make a living doing something that really mattered to me. i was able to keep my grandmother at home until she was 97, and have been able to be a part of my children's lives as they grew up.”-janice campbell"the communication skills i used with my toddlers dramatically improved her behavior. now i teach these skills to other families, and have been able to quit my day job and spend more time with my family."-chris thompson"throughout my teaching career i had created many educational games to help children learn, and saw an opportunity to share them with others outside of my classroom. now, not only do i help children all over the world realize that math can be fun, but i have achieved a dream of mine - working from home."-teresa evans ............ getting started is easy... and it doesn't take a lot of time ............ at this point, you’re probably thinking, “sounds great. but i’m already too busy with my regular teaching job. i don’t have hours and hours to spend setting up a brand new business!” relax. we’ve made the process easy. when you download clickbank’s guide to becoming a successful infopreneur, you’ll get all the information you need to set up your own information business. we’ll show you how to develop your own information kit that you can offer people who are interested in your area of expertise. each infopreneur’s products is unique. your initial product offering might include a set of lecture videos, curriculum and lesson plans you’ve developed, slide presentations, or even an e-book. if you’ve been teaching for any period of time at all, you probably have a great start on putting together a helpful kit that people would gladly pay money for—if they only knew it was available. we’ll show you how to collect the information that’s rattling around in your head and combine it with the materials you already have on hand to develop a marketable product. then we’ll share with you our proven methodology for getting the word out to people who are interested in your product. once you have a small base of customers, we’ll show you how to re-market to them with additional products and services they really need and want. you’ll be on your way to reaching more students than ever before. you’ll have the extra money you need to reach your personal goals. and you’ll have the security that comes from knowing your entire income isn’t dependent on the whims of politicians and administrators. a get-rich-slow plan we’re not going to lie to you. you’re probably not going to earn millions or even thousands of dollars your first month as an infopreneur. we do have a few clickbank infopreneurs who have quit their regular jobs and work for themselves full time—but they’re the exception, not the rule. however, we have thousands of infopreneurs who earn $200, $500, or $1,000 every month. and many of them are gradually increasing their earnings every month. these folks understand that anything worth doing takes time. right now in that head of yours, you have almost all of the information you need to succeed as an infopreneur. we know because we’ve seen and helped educators like you do it time and time again. actually, with more than 2,000 new accounts per day—and 35,000 transactions across more than 190 countries every day, we have quite a lot of insight about what it takes to become a successful infopreneur. in fact, here at clickbank, we probably have more empirical data on building profitable information businesses than anyone else in the world. when you combine your subject matter knowledge with our experience in building information businesses, you really can’t go wrong. ready to get started? we’ve crunched those terabytes of data and examined it all to develop our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur. it’s likely the definitive guide to building a profitable information business.  in it, we share the information that only the most successful infopreneurs have learned—and use every day to make money. what you’ll get the guide includes 4 easy to understand video modules to teach you what you need to do, and why you need to do it in order to successfully sell your products online. module 1: understanding the infopreneurial approach discover the powerful infopreneurial business model, including the little known secret why starting your own online business is easier today than ever before. learn why infopreneurs are able to make more money than most educators have ever dreamed about. module 2: planning and developing your product offerings don’t waste your efforts by developing the “wrong” product. learn what clickbank’s most successful infopreneurs have realized about the right ways to develop product offerings. the difference between product success and failure starts with the three important criteria outlined in this module. module 3: setting up your own online storefront learn why anyone can (and should) have their own online storefront. uncover the components of an effective infopreneurial website and how to take advantage of free behind the scenes resources and avoid time consuming, costly alternatives that stop others in their tracks. module 4: promoting and selling your product offerings have prospects and customers eating from the palm of your hand, simply by using the free content that’s already in your head. discover the “right way” to launch your products and avoid the steep new product learning curve that throws many motivated infopreneurs off track. but that’s not all! you’ll receive free companion study guides with each module. and although that’s more than enough to help you absorb everything you need to be successful from day one, we’ll also throw in several bonus worksheets to make extra sure that the insights we are sharing with you are crystal clear, so there is no doubt in your mind how to get started making money online the right way. and that you, yes you, can start today. don’t be afraid! trust us, there are people a lot less smart, a lot less talented and a lot less dedicated than you that have discovered infopreneurship and are earning money every single day. this guide will teach you everything you need to get rolling immediately. sounds pretty good, right? but wait…this guide isn’t for everyone. seriously. don't order our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur if:you're afraid of hard work.your current teaching job is highly lucrative. you're not passionate about helping others obtain the knowledge and skills they need to succeed. you’re looking for a way to get rich quick—not for a second income stream that might one day get you rich slowly.you're not ready to be serious—even if you had a proven step-by-step action plan at your fingertips. ............ but if you are ready and this sounds like the business model for you,then stop wasting time ............ get started immediately by ordering your guide to becoming a successful infopreneur. this guide is jam packed with valuable, step by step information to get you earning more from the moment you sign up with clickbank. don’t make the same mistakes that others have made before you. we’ll teach you exactly what you need to know to avoid doing the things that cause others to fail. sign up & get the first module free. not quite ready to buy?  enter your name and email and get access to the 1st module of our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur for free. tells us where to send your free module. first name email address your privacy is important to us ready to get started? order and download your copy of the complete guide to becoming a successful infopreneur now! only$27 buy nowp.s. you might see similar business start-up kits priced at $50, $100, or even $500. don’t let our low price fool you—clickbank’s guide to becoming a successful infopreneur is every bit as valuable as those high-priced options (if not more valuable). we’ve learned that pricing our starter kit low allows us to reach more potential infopreneurs. since teaching people like you how to become infopreneurs is our passion, we’ll do whatever we can to reach as many people as possible. p.p.s. don’t worry that we’re going to leave you hanging after you download the guide to becoming a successful infopreneur. if you need additional assistance getting your business going, we’ll be there for you every step of the way. take the first step and order your guide today! clickbank about clickbank since 1998, clickbank has helped tens of thousands of people gain more financial control and freedom by turning their knowledge, passions, hobbies, and work experiences into an additional source of ongoing income. through clickbank’s innovative online platform, these infopreneurs receive the tools, training, and access to a global network of over 100,000 affiliate marketers so they can profitably market unique and useful information products to niche audiences all around the world. learn more > international > privacy legal and policies contact us © 2013 clickbank all rights reserved.