来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231033931/http://www.clickbank.com/sell-your-products/author/
================================================================================

author | clickbank international gear marketplace about us team careers press order support sign up login blog clickbank author sell yourproducts are you an expert?your passions, hobbies or work experiences make you an expert. tell us about yourself and learn how more and more people just like you are monetizing what they know. author consultant educator hobbyist professional small biz owner speaker trainer established infopreneur become anaffiliate built an audience?your loyal online following is valuable and you can keep growing those relationships as a clickbank affiliate. discover how others like you are monetizing their audience. blogger list owner online retailer established affiliate ourplatform ready to monetize?whether you're looking to monetize your knowledge as an infopreneur or monetize your audience as an affiliate, clickbank gives you the features you need. clickbank powered platform clickbank diy clickbank for affiliates featuredproducts main navigation sell your products  -  author -  consultant -  educator -  hobbyist -  professional -  small biz owner -  speaker -  trainer -  established infopreneur become an affiliate  -  blogger -  list owner -  online retailer -  established affiliate our platform  -  clickbank powered platform -  clickbank diy -  clickbank for affiliates featured products gear marketplace about us  -  team -  careers -  press order support sign up login blog discover the business model that the publishing industry doesn’t want you to know about. below you’ll learn one critical mistake you’re making right now without knowing it. the most profitable, under-utilized system you need to create fame, fortune  and credibility for yourself. an essential resource that the most successful authors and infopreneurs use to build long term and sustainable businesses. the most important next step for making it as an author today. writing and publishing a non-fiction book can be an incredible accomplishment. you can share your unique expertise and knowledge with others. you can help thousands discover your perspective and learn new skills. you can foster new relationships and open doors for your career. you can make a name for yourself. you can fund your vacation, buy a new car — or even break free from the rat race. maybe … you’re thinking about becoming an author and are trying to figure out where to start. you’ve got perfect ideas floating around in your head (or you know that, with a little focus, you’ll come up with one) and you’re determined to put pen to paper and get started. maybe … you’ve already started writing your book and are trying to figure out how you’ll get it out into the world. you know you must choose wisely among your countless options and various hurdles – traditional publishing, self-publishing, ebooks, kindles and ibooks … a critical decision that could make or break you as an author. or just maybe … you’ve already written your book and gotten it published. in short, you’ve already run the author’s gauntlet. but you’ve found that your vision of fame, fortune and credibility hasn’t fully materialized. ............ any of those sound like you? then you need to know a key fact:you might be handing over control of your fate as an author to someone with little incentive to help you succeed. ............ many authors mistakenly jump feet first into well known publishing options that leave them stuck in a trap…designed to dash their hopes and dreams.  it’s easy for you to be fooled as well—but it’s not your fault—that’s how those publishers want it. here are the facts traditional publishers are greedy.  a successful nonfiction book sells 7,500 copies – cool, right? until you realize that you’ll likely only get paid about 5% out of every book sale. wait, wasn’t that the product of your blood, sweat and tears? go that route and you’ll probably make less than $1 on each book. most book deals don’t make money.  7 out of 10 authors never make more than their advance (that is, of course, if your book proposal and literary agent are good enough to get you one in the first place). so even if you are lucky enough to get an advance (that might be $10,000, if you’re really lucky) the odds are against you for ever making more that that. the myth of self-publishing. although it’s true that there are fewer hoops to jump through to become a self-published author, it’s probably not going to help you sell many books, let alone make you much money. in fact, half of self-published authors earn less than $500… probably not even enough to cover all the lattes you bought at the coffee shop where you’ve been writing. kindles, ibooks & nooks are just new digital traps. sure, it seems that ebooks have been great for authors. they seem to remove the middleman. they seem to give control to the authors. but in reality, they just stick you with more work…and make you pay for it. now you’ll handle the writing…plus the layout and the design – even the marketing. your cost for all this “control”? at least 30% of every sale. ............ bottom line? you need to be aware of a sobering reality.just about every publishing model out there leaves folks like you stuck on the struggling author hamster wheel. ............ the vast majority of authors are doomed to stay in this trap…writing books that don’t sell well, making a bit of money and then thinking the way to make more money is to write yet another book and repeat the same process. it’s not that they’re not working hard enough, they’re just following a “system” that’s rigged to make publishers successful on the backs of thousands –if not millions – of struggling authors. you don't have to be stuck on the struggling author hamster wheel you simply need to understand the business model that’s proven to make you more money while giving you more control – it’s already worked for thousands of authors like you. the barrier to your success believe it or not, your biggest challenge as an author isn’t how little money you’ll make off of a single book. it isn’t even the fact that you’ll likely never become famous, or that a distribution of zero lends itself to no credibility whatsoever as an author. your biggest challenge? you don’t know who is buying your books. think about that for a moment. all of the usual publishing choices out there…traditional publishing, self-publishing…even kindle, ibooks, nooks… and those big publishers? amazon? apple? barnes & noble? they all block you from your own readers. as an author using any of those publishing models, you’re forced to accept a one-and-done purchase, never knowing who bought your book. and it’s that one little piece of information that keeps those publishers in full control…and keeps you stuck on the struggling author hamster wheel.  remove that barrier and you'll reap major rewards truth is, becoming an author has become much more than writing a book.  what you really need to do is build a business. at clickbank, we call those information businesses…and we call the authors that build them “infopreneurs”. just like any business, you need to find customers. as an author or infopreneur, those customers are your readers. and the more specific and “nichey” your topic is, the harder those readers are to find. those readers that bought your book are like gold. once you find those readers, you want to know who they are. why?  so you can sell to them again!  that’s the real key. sadly, most authors never realize that the vast majority of the opportunity lies after the sale of their initial book. if they did, they’d be well on their way to creating an information business. one that they’re in control of and that they can leverage to build a pool of engaged readers hungry to pay for the information the author has to share. see? that initial book is small peanuts compared to what you can really achieve as an infopreneur. you’ve found readers that really care about the knowledge in your head. chances are, many of them want to know even more about your niche topic. you can develop new books, content and products that specifically target them. but the one barrier that holds so many authors back from this powerful business model is simply knowing who their readers are. here's how it works yeah, it’s an amazingly simple model that turns authorship on its head and makes it a business. we’re talking the real potential of fame, fortune, credibility and customers! and the more targeted your audience is, the more powerful the infopreneurial model is. why? as an author, you need tens of thousands of readers to make any real money off of your work.  but as an infopreneur that is aware of who your readers are, you can make money off of a much smaller pool of readers by leveraging the power to remarket additional products and content to them. see for yourself ............ how do we know all this works? because we've helped tens of thousands of infopreneurs do it again and again. but don't just take our word for it ... ............ "as a $1.2 billion real estate developer, i wanted to pass on my knowledge to new and existing developers. clickbank allowed me to sell my ebooks in 140 countries and real estate newbies can be profitable with their first project, and the experience has enriched my retirement." – colm dillon, real estate developer"i never planned on becoming an author, but when my baby was diagnosed with a condition that affects many infants, i spent months researching solutions and prevention techniques. i then combined my research into an ebook and made it available to other concerned parents. now i plan on donating 10% of my profits to a fund that helps other infants overcome this condition."– sarah davidson, baby flat head syndrome the infopreneurial model means more money in your pocket, in less time you’ve got everything you need right now in that head of yours to become a renowned author – an infopreneur, really – in your niche and create the information business of your dreams. we know because we’ve seen and helped people do it again and again. actually, with over 35,000 transactions across over 190 countries every day, we have quite a lot of insight. in fact, here at clickbank, we probably have more empirical data on building profitable information businesses than anyone else in the world. ready to get started? we’ve crunched those terabytes of data and examined it all to develop our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur. it’s likely the definitive guide to building a profitable information business.  in it, we share the information that only the most successful infopreneurs have learned—and use every day to make money. what you’ll get the guide includes 4 easy to understand video modules to teach you what you need to do, and why you need to do it in order to successfully sell your products online. module 1: understanding the infopreneurial approach discover the powerful infopreneurial business model, including the little known secret why starting your own online business is easier today than ever before. learn why infopreneurs are able to make more money in their businesses than most authors have ever dreamed about. module 2: planning and developing your product offerings don’t waste your efforts by developing the “wrong” product. learn what clickbank’s most successful infopreneurs have realized about the right ways to develop product offerings. the difference between product success and failure starts with the three important criteria  outlined in this module. module 3: setting up your own online storefront learn why anyone can (and should) have their own online storefront. uncover the components of an effective infopreneurial website and how to take advantage of free behind the scenes resources and avoid time consuming, costly alternatives that stop others in their tracks. module 4: promoting and selling your product offerings have prospects and customers eating from the palm of your hand, simply by using the free content that’s already in your head. discover the “right way” to launch your products and avoid the steep new product learning curve that throws many motivated infopreneurs off track. but that’s not all! you’ll receive free companion study guides with each module. and although that’s more than enough to help you absorb everything you need to be successful from day one, we’ll also throw in several bonus worksheets to make extra sure that the insights we are sharing with you are crystal clear, so there is no doubt in your mind how to get started making money online the right way. and that you, yes you, can start today. don’t be afraid! trust us, there are people a lot less smart, a lot less talented and a lot less dedicated than you that have discovered infopreneurship and are earning money every single day. this guide will teach you everything you need to get rolling immediately. sounds pretty good, right? but wait...this isn't for everyone. seriously. don't order our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur if:you prefer the dream of being an author more than actually doing what it takes to become a successful one.you’re happy with the traditional publishing model and you’ve found it to be highly successful and lucrative. (congratulations! you’re one of the few that have!)you enjoy the struggle of being a traditional author and would rather be a cog in someone else’s business than to build a business of your own. you’re looking for a way to get rich quick as an author—not for a second income stream that might one day get you rich slowly.you’re not really serious—even if you had a proven step-by-step action plan at your fingertips. ............ but, if you are ready and this sounds like the business model for youthen stop wasting time ............ as an authority in your area of expertise, time is of the essence to establish yourself. you need to get your information out, like yesterday, and the old publishing process is holding you back. this comprehensive guide will teach you everything you need to get rolling immediately. this guide is jam packed with valuable, step by step information to get you earning more from the moment you sign up with clickbank. don’t make the same mistakes that others have. this guide teaches you exactly what you need to know to avoid doing the things that cause others to fail. sign up & get the first module free. not quite ready to buy?  enter your name and email and get access to the first module of our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur for free. tells us where to send your free module. first name email address your privacy is important to us ready to get started? order and download your copy of the complete guide to becoming a successful infopreneur now! only$27 buy now clickbank about clickbank since 1998, clickbank has helped tens of thousands of people gain more financial control and freedom by turning their knowledge, passions, hobbies, and work experiences into an additional source of ongoing income. through clickbank’s innovative online platform, these infopreneurs receive the tools, training, and access to a global network of over 100,000 affiliate marketers so they can profitably market unique and useful information products to niche audiences all around the world. learn more > international > privacy legal and policies contact us © 2013 clickbank all rights reserved.