来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231033931/http://www.clickbank.com/featured-products/
================================================================================

featured products | clickbank international gear marketplace about us team careers press order support sign up login blog clickbank featured products sell yourproducts are you an expert?your passions, hobbies or work experiences make you an expert. tell us about yourself and learn how more and more people just like you are monetizing what they know. author consultant educator hobbyist professional small biz owner speaker trainer established infopreneur become anaffiliate built an audience?your loyal online following is valuable and you can keep growing those relationships as a clickbank affiliate. discover how others like you are monetizing their audience. blogger list owner online retailer established affiliate ourplatform ready to monetize?whether you're looking to monetize your knowledge as an infopreneur or monetize your audience as an affiliate, clickbank gives you the features you need. clickbank powered platform clickbank diy clickbank for affiliates featuredproducts main navigation sell your products  -  author -  consultant -  educator -  hobbyist -  professional -  small biz owner -  speaker -  trainer -  established infopreneur become an affiliate  -  blogger -  list owner -  online retailer -  established affiliate our platform  -  clickbank powered platform -  clickbank diy -  clickbank for affiliates featured products gear marketplace about us  -  team -  careers -  press order support sign up login blog since 1998, clickbank has delivered on this simple premise by giving people all over the world the freedom to monetize their unique know-how and experience. thousands of these “infopreneurs” are using clickbank’s publishing and promotional saas platform every day to turn their passions, hobbies, and work experiences into an additional source of income. and every three seconds, another customer buys an information product on clickbank — 30,000 transactions a day across more than 190 countries. these featured products below give you a taste of the products that infopreneurs have created and are selling on clickbank. businesseducationemploymentfitnesshealthhobbieshome & gardenparenting & familiesself helpsports ............business............ start a holiday lighting business are you ready to uncover one of the best kept holiday money making secrets? are you looking for a successful add-on business to your current seasonal business? you can make between $20,000 and $50,000 in the 90 days before the holidays. learn more> how to start or expand your own office cleaning service the number one start-up guide for anyone wanting to start their own office cleaning business. learn how to build a service business that doesn’t require a large up-front investment of any kind and also has the potential to earn you a reliable full-time income. learn more> ignite your massage therapy business turn your practice into a success. learn the marketing secrets you’ll need to get more clients, keep existing clients, and grow your business. learn more> make amazing candy bouquets for fun and profit turn a hobby into a business. not only will you learn how to create candy bouquets, but you’ll also learn how to start a business and earn extra money. learn more> iphone video hero are you wanting to make clean looking sales and blog videos? iphone video hero will teach you how you can make professional quality videos with your iphone, ipad, or itouch so you can sell more products or services. learn more> project management templates are you a project manager who often feels overwhemed with writing documents and meeting deadlines? project management templates will help you create higher quality documents. save time by using premade templates that include tables, charts, forms, and tips that will help you produce good quality documents quickly. learn more> ............education............ your safe retirement package a book on changing how people think about retirement. goes beyond financial matters to comprehensively address what it takes to create a safe and fulfilling retirement, and prepare you for your golden years! learn more> complete resource center for homeschooling your kids homeschool your kids, through high school and beyond. guides emphasize writing, high school literature, and college prep. learn more> study smarter, not harder! these powerful learning techniques will turn you into a super-learner! get better grades with the least amount of effort while still having fun. learn more> unleash the super genius within this step-by-step system will take you from average intelligence to brilliance. boost your iq score, improve your memory, and increase your brainpower. learn more> porsche buyers guide there is no need for you to learn the hard way! the 911 secrets revealed guide will teach you how to quickly and confidentaly inspect a used porsche before you buy. with over 35 pages and detailed pictures you will know exactly what to look for , where to look, and what questions you should ask. learn more> beat the system traffic ticket secrets is a remarkably simple and proven speeding ticket defense strategy to legally beat your case. this system has already helped over 29.727 drivers legally avoid paying a single dime in fines or raised insurance premiums. learn more> ............employment............ go into your next job interview with optimism and confidence this guide provides proven answers to 177 different potential interview questions. ensure you have all the right answers and get hired. learn more> get started in radio have you always wanted to work in radio? this collection of audio seminars will teach you everything you need to know to get started in the radio, voiceover, and advertising business. learn more> get the teaching job of your dreams written by a veteran teacher and experienced teacher interviewer, this guide will make your job search go smoothly. you’ll learn everything from how to nail your interview, to resume writing, to preparing your portfolio. learn more> how to get a job on a offshore oil rig do you want and need a better job? there are thousands of jobs available in the oil industry however, getting a job in oil and gas is unlike getting a job in any other industry. this guide will teach you how you can land employment on an offshore oil rig so your carreer rockets to success. learn more> amazing cover letters stop writing cover letters the hard way! amazing cover letters will teach you how you can quickly and easily create a cover letter that can get you quality job interviews and offers faster than you could ever imagine. learn more> police oral board interview discover the #1 rated guide that is jam packed with the most commonly asked police oral board interview questions so you can learn how to ace your interview and land an exciting career in law enforcement. learn more> medical coding certification preperation videos medical coders on average make about $7k more per year when they are a certified professional coder (cpc). the medical coding preperation videos are jam packed with everything you need to know to pass the national cpc exam. learn more> railroad job guide are you looking for a railroad job but are unsure how to get one? the railroad job guide will teach you the tips and strategies needed to get your resume and application noticed. as a bonus, you will also received guidance on how to answer the trick questions employors ask during an interview. this is a must have guide for anyone seeking railroad employment. learn more> ............fitness............ become a pull-up machine the pull-up domination program will teach you how to increase your strength, endurance and pulling power. achieve hard core pull-up prowess in this 3-step program. work out anywhere, no fancy gym equipment needed! learn more> never stall in weight loss again fat loss is not an opinion. this package has everything you need to know to lose fat and keep it off. learn more> melt body fat with kettlebells geoff neupert’s 5 module program will melt body fat to give you the lean body you’ve always wanted. get results with less than 3 hours of effort a week. learn more> pregnancy without extra pounds did you know that over 50% of pregnant women feel fat, unattractive, and don’t enjoy their pregnancy? in this guide you will learn the secrets to looking great, regaining your figure, and loving your pregnancy by not gaining unnecessary weight. learn more> tacfit barbarian fitness system the tacfit barbarian program teaches you how to tap into your innate movement potential, no matter what your age. you will receive a 59 page manual and several downloadable videos filled with information on scott sonnon’s innovative parallette bar system that will help you build muscle, fluid strength, and explosive power. learn more> ............health............ drug free solutions for heartburn, acid reflux, and gerd this easy to read ebook will help you cure heartburn, acid reflux, or gerd. cures are, “all natural”. no need to change your diet or take prescription medications. learn more> look younger in minutes and never leave your home ladies, turn back the clock without using any pricey creams or products. look younger using foods and ingredients you already have in your own kitchen! learn more> bust sugar and carb cravings naturally diane sanfilippo, a certified nutrition consultant and the owner of balanced bites holistic nutrition & wellness, brings you an easy-to-follow 3 week program to help break your addiction to sugar and carbs. includes over 90-pages in the program guide, supplement guide, & faq’s guide. learn more> home remedies for better health for the first time a naturopathic doctor opens up his valut to unveil the complete list of home remides used by professional holistic practitioners. in this guide you will learn how to relieve your symptoms through self healing the holistic way. learn more> face fitness formula are you suffering from chubby cheeks or a double chin? with the face fitness formula you guaranteed to get rid of chubby cheeks and double chins for a leaner, sexier, sculpted looking face in less than 30 days. learn more> ............hobbies............ unlock the secret to making sheet music more exciting “music maps” help pianists take boring sheet music and add color, notes, and flavor to songs. take your musical techniques to the next level with this monthly membership program. learn more> decorate cakes and cookies like a pro looking for a way to take your cake and cookie decorating to the next level? this membership provides everything you need to go from beginner to advanced – videos, articles, a community of members, and full access to expert decorators. learn more> make your own delicious wine from the comfort of your own home the home winemaker’s inner circle will teach you how to make amazing wine from home. follow the guidelines and you’ll be making high quality wine you can be proud to serve. learn more> unlock the artist inside you capture the joy of oil painting. this guide provides techniques for artists of all levels to creating beautiful works of art. learn more> put dessert back on the menu have your cake and eat it too, guilt free! prepare 50 all-natural, fail-proof, gluten free, and low glycemic index treats. learn more> break free from your camera’s auto feature interested in photography? have a brand new dslr camera and no clue how to use it? let pro photographer jared polin show you how to take control of your camera. learn more> how to build and fly rc airplanes the perfect parkjet system is the most comprehensive rc airplane learning tool ever made. you will find hundreds of tips that will give you the ability to fly and build your rc planes with certainty. with access to professional support and community forums any question you have will be answered. learn more> complete paleo recipe guide to healthy eating learn how to cook delicious meals using the natural ingredients that humans have evolved to eat. it’s a diet designed by nature, providing yoru body with the pure nutrition that will assist in normalizing body weight and improve atletic performance and recovery learn more> download classical music scores if you’re looking for clear and easy to read sheet music from a variety of composers than the music-scores annual membership is for you. this annual membership includes unrestricted downloads of over 3,601 files including separate instrumental parts at no extra charge. learn more> make your own fishing lures wondering why you are not catching as many fish as you should? lift the lid on dozens of secret tips and techniques to make your own fish catching weapons. get detailed step-by-step photographs and instructions for making professional quality fishing lures. learn more> zygor guides zygor guides offers in-game world of warcraft guides that dynamically tell you everything you need to do to power level your characters, complete dailies, make gold, unlock rare items, earn achievements, and much more. learn more> ............home & garden............ quickly and easily build your own chicken coop save thousands of dollars and build your own chicken coop. plans, guides, and tips will help you raise your own flock quickly and easily. learn more> grow perfect and juicy grapes grow perfect grapes, regardless of experience or location. written with newbies in mind, this guide will get you through all stages of the growing process, from planning to harvest. learn more> save money growing your own garden grow healthy, fresh, and organic foods. these methods are fail proof. anyone with a backyard can grow a garden. learn more> how to care for your bearded dragon 93.7% of all bearded dragon owners make one of the 37 deadly mistakes covered in the bearded dragon secret manual. these mistakes, although unintentional, can slowly but surely torture your bearded dragon to death. learn how to not make these mistakes so your bearded dragon lives a long and healthy life. learn more> essential oils guide for pet care learn about one of nature’s most powerful remedies, essential oils. written by an internationally recognized holistic veterinarian this guide will teach you how to care for your dogs, cats, and horses to prevent future aliments by using essential oils learn more> how to build a wind generator do you want to stop making the power companies richer, while your hard earned money gets tossed to the wind? save money on your electric and power costs but letting the wind work for you. wind plans will teach you how to make your own wind generator and solar panels. learn more> ............parenting & families............ how to help your child learn to talk better in everyday activities yes, you can help your child learn to talk or talk better. get the information you need from this easy-to-read, parent-friendly ebook. explanations and examples will guide you to blend new, stimulating methods into your everyday activities—starting right away. learn more> your child has their diagnosis. parents, get the help you need here. the parenting aspergers resource guide is a simple guide that gives you simple yet highly effective tips, strategies and techniques to help you cope with, and manage, your child’s behavioral and emotional needs. this guide was put together by a team of experts – psychologists, social workers, parents, and teachers from all over the world. learn more> teach your child to read do you want to help your toddler get a head start in life and put them on the path to success? this program will have your child reading with confidence in time for preschool. learn more> making math more fun let’s face it, most kids don’t find math to be fun and enjoyable. what if there was a way to get your kids excited about math so they start getting a a+ in every math class? the making math fun series provides kids with printable games that will engage your kids to look at math as fun and interesting. learn more> pregnancy miracle if you or someone you love is struggling to get pregnant, then pregnancy miracle book you can read. pregnancy miracle uses holistic and ancient chinese systems for getting pregnant and having healthy children. learn more> start potty training discover a proven method for quickly and easily potty training even the most stubborn child in 3 days flat. start potty training provides you with a guide, videos, and audio files that teach you how simple it is to potty train your child. learn more> talking to toddlers is your child entering the terrible twos? if so, talking to toddlers is a must have for any parent who wants to discover three language strategies that you can use right now to effectively deal with the terrible twos or children behavior problems. learn more> 24 hour science projects don’t allow the news of finding out your child has a science project due tomorrow stress you out. with 24 hour science projects you can pick from five fast and easy science projects that can be finished in less than 24 hours. learn more> ............self help............ amazing and cheap date ideas from america’s romance expert need budget friendly suggestions for your next date night? michael webb’s guide provides 300 creative date ideas, most of the dates are $20 or less! learn more> looking for love? if you’re looking for a long-term and committed relationship, this is the book for you. using psychology and scientific research, this guide will have anyone falling in love with you, even if they’ve expressed complete disinterest in the past. learn more> take control using the power of persuasion learn the secret techniques that enable you to control every move and decision of others using the power of persuasion. 18 audio modules will help you get what you want from those around you. learn more> free yourself from negativity vanish negative thoughts, memories, and behaviors. center your chi through “tapping” rather than a session of immobilizing acupuncture. learn more> how to heal a broken heart are you suffering from a broken heart due to a divorce or break up? with this 15-day scientifically researched program you will heal your broken heart and experience immediate relief and happiness in your life. learn more> how to harness the power of your mind discover the secrets of the universe to get everything you ever wanted with this mind reality membership. you can finally experience the complete manifestation of all the miracles, success, wealth, health, love and happiness you’ve always dreamed of. learn more> lower your stress, learn relaxation, and achieve spiritual growth meditate correctly with a large variety of techniques and spiritual traditions. zen, taoism, buddhism, christianity, and more are all discussed. learn more> protect yourself from narcissistic abuse empower yourself and become narcissism proof. learn how to stop attracting and how to stop being attracted to narcissistic behaviors. learn more> ............sports............ the truth about explosive rotational power for baseball or softball this 4 module series will have you hitting like an mlb player. promote key movement science principles with limited muscle activation to achieve explosive rotational power. learn more> gain a serious physical edge over your competition the jump manual program targets every facet of vertical explosion. great for baseketball, volleyball, football, or dance. learn more> fitness training for surfers, by surfers total surfing fitness will get you fit and strong. not only that, but it’ll help you catch more, bigger, and better waves. learn more> youth football coaches handbook are you a youth football coach who is looking to be a even better coach? if so, then the youth football coaches handbook is perfect for you. this step by step guides takes coaches from preseaon all the way to the end of season banquet with game plans, playbooks, practice planes, motivational material, and so much more. learn more> ultimate wrestling program discover how you can develop brute strength and blazing fast mat speed while increasing your endurance to destroy any wrestling opponent with the ultimate wrestling strength and conditioning program! learn more> soccer practice plans and drills are you a soccer coach and are in need of basic to advanced practice plans and drills? well you’re in luck with soccer practice books. you will be able to access over 500 soccer drills and 70 soccer practice plans with these ebooks. learn more> fit for soccer most soccer coaches and players do not realize how a proper fitness plan could impact the success of their team. total soccer fitness is your complete guide to soccer conditioning so you can play the best soccer of your life while enjoying the satisfaction of playing to your full potential. learn more> clickbank about clickbank since 1998, clickbank has helped tens of thousands of people gain more financial control and freedom by turning their knowledge, passions, hobbies, and work experiences into an additional source of ongoing income. through clickbank’s innovative online platform, these infopreneurs receive the tools, training, and access to a global network of over 100,000 affiliate marketers so they can profitably market unique and useful information products to niche audiences all around the world. learn more > international > privacy legal and policies contact us © 2013 clickbank all rights reserved.