来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231033931/http://www.clickbank.com/sell-your-products/hobbyist/
================================================================================

hobbyist | clickbank international gear marketplace about us team careers press order support sign up login blog clickbank hobbyist sell yourproducts are you an expert?your passions, hobbies or work experiences make you an expert. tell us about yourself and learn how more and more people just like you are monetizing what they know. author consultant educator hobbyist professional small biz owner speaker trainer established infopreneur become anaffiliate built an audience?your loyal online following is valuable and you can keep growing those relationships as a clickbank affiliate. discover how others like you are monetizing their audience. blogger list owner online retailer established affiliate ourplatform ready to monetize?whether you're looking to monetize your knowledge as an infopreneur or monetize your audience as an affiliate, clickbank gives you the features you need. clickbank powered platform clickbank diy clickbank for affiliates featuredproducts main navigation sell your products  -  author -  consultant -  educator -  hobbyist -  professional -  small biz owner -  speaker -  trainer -  established infopreneur become an affiliate  -  blogger -  list owner -  online retailer -  established affiliate our platform  -  clickbank powered platform -  clickbank diy -  clickbank for affiliates featured products gear marketplace about us  -  team -  careers -  press order support sign up login blog have you ever considered turning your hobby into a business? thousands of hobbyists just like you are earning a steady second income with the infopreneurial business model. they’re doing what they love and sharing their knowledge with like-minded people all over the world. and it’s easier than you think. what is it that you love to do? do you collect something? play a sport? play an instrument? maybe you love cooking. or crafting. or scrapbooking. or gardening. maybe you’re a ham radio operator or raise exotic pets or fly model airplanes or trace your genealogy. or maybe you just love to read. if you could turn that favorite hobby into a successful business, would you do it? we’d like to show you how easy it is to build an information business–a business that allows you to share what you know about your hobby with people all over the world. we’d like to help you become an “infopreneur” (that’s our word for an information entrepreneur.) thousands of people just like you have already discovered this exciting new business model. they’re earning a steady second income every month. in many cases they earn enough to fund their hobbies– and then some. they’ve also found a new way to meet other people with similar interests. they’re reaching out to people around the world who share their passions. they’re introducing more people to a pastime that has given them great joy, and they’re making a little money at the same time. i’d love to show you just how easy it is to turn your hobby into a profitable business. keep reading to see if infopreneurship might be right for you. you're already sharing your knowledge... why not get paid for it? if you’re like most hobbyists, you gladly share what you know with other people who express interest in your pastime. you might tell them what equipment they’ll need, how to develop the right skills, which organizations to join, which magazines to buy, and which websites to visit. you may have spent hours helping novices get started–all for the joy of sharing your favorite hobby with someone else. you probably never considered the fact that people will gladly pay for the type of knowledge you have. that’s important, so we’ll repeat it: many people will gladly pay for you to share information about your hobby–the same information that you’re currently giving away for free. don’t believe us? think about how much money you’ve spent on your hobby over the years. the average american family spends close to $700 each year on their hobbies, pets, and similar expenses. and if your hobby is particularly expensive, you may spend much, much more. there are likely hundreds or thousands or even hundreds of thousands of people who are interested in the same thing you are. they also spend lots of money pursuing their passion. and they would gladly pay for instruction or advice if they knew someone very knowledgeable who could help them–someone just like you. all kinds of hobbies qualify at this point, you might be thinking, “sure. i can see how this infopreneur stuff would be great for someone who’s good at golf or playing the guitar. but my hobbies are reading books, watching tv, and going out to dinner. no one needs lessons in that.” we think you’re wrong no, we don’t think you should offer lessons in tv watching, but there are plenty of other opportunities for infopreneurial businesses related to tv watching or reading or going out to dinner. for example, you might offer reviews–or you might offer instruction on how to write reviews. you might have a foolproof 10-step plan for spotting a good mom and pop restaurant or for finding great deals on meals. you might offer advice on how to start a book club. you might offer tips on what tv shows are ok for kids or which restaurants are the most kid-friendly or which books kids of a certain age should read. you might offer the quintessential guide to science fiction… or asian cuisine in southern california… or silent movies. experience has taught us that no matter what your interest is, you’ll be able to find like-minded people online who share your interests. all you have to do is set up a website where they can find you. and if your favorite hobby is more specialized than reading books and watching tv, that’s even better. if you’re interested in something, chances are, other people are interested in it too–even if it’s a little unusual. did you know? 95% percentage of american adults who participate in some “leisure” activity every day. source: bureau of labor statistics $2,585 average amount an american household spends per year on entertainment expenses including $646 on pets, toys, hobbies, and playground equipment. five number of hours of free time the average american has per day.source: bureau of labor statistics $29.2 billion amount americans spent on crafting supplies in 2010.source: craft & hobby association meet fellow enthusiasts from all over the world when you start you information business, you’ll set up a website where you can offer your products to potential customers. we’ll teach you the secrets that other infopreneuers are using to attract traffic to their websites. and in much less time that you think, your site will be receiving visitors from all over the world. not only will you have the chance to sell your products to those visitors, you’ll also have the chance to interact with people who share your interests. many clickbank infopreneurs tell us they’ve actually made good friends they met through their websites. and those friends have taught the infopreneurs more things about their hobby. which means the infopreneurs have more information to offer their customers. gradually, their websites become hubs for a steadily growing communities of people who share common interests and goals. and these communities become tremendously rewarding–in ways that go far beyond the financial rewards. ............ other hobbyists have done it so can you! ............ "i volunteer as a youth football coach for fun, but when other coaches started asking for tips i saw an opportunity. now my side business allows me to buy supplies for the teams i coach."– eric saunders, youth football handbook"having kids inspired me to get a camper so we could all travel the country in comfort. i decided to buy a van and tackle the challenge of converting it into a camper myself--and i quickly realized others would be interested in doing the same thing. i put 29 video modules together to teach what i had done. not only am i making enough to pay for a trip with the family every month, i've also been able to help teach over 1200 people convert their own vans."– shaun thornburgh, camper van conversion guide here's how it works: by now, you’re probably wondering exactly how this infopreneur stuff works. it’s pretty simple, really. most hobbyists who become infopreneurs start by offering an “information kit” for download from their websites. that kit might include a how-to guide, a set of tips, full-blown lessons, instructional videos or even an e-book. the possibilities really are endless. the trick is to think about what would appeal to other people who have the same interest that you do. then you can tailor your kit for your particular subject matter and your audience. we’ll help you create your initial product, and we’ll show you how to develop follow-on products that will appeal to the same customers. as you develop relationships with some loyal customers, you’ll see the incredible opportunities that come from repeat business. you only need 800 customers most clickbank infopreneurs are amazed by how few customers they need in order to generate a healthy revenue stream. in fact, many infopreneurs can earn the equivalent of a full-time income with just 800 customers. skeptical? it works like this: of course, it will probably take some time before you work your way up to 800 customers and a complete product line. but most clickbank infopreneurs are surprised by how easily they find 800 customers–when you think about it, it’s just a little over 2 new customers per day. and even when you’re just getting started, every little bit you earn will be offsetting the costs of your hobby. ............ a steady second income stream ............ we’re not going to lie to you. you’re probably not going to earn millions or even thousands of dollars your first month as an infopreneur. we do have a few clickbank vendors who pursue infopreneurship as their full-time career—but they’re the exception, not the rule. however, we have thousands of infopreneurs who earn $200, $500, or $1,000 every month. and many of them are gradually but consistently increasing their earnings. these folks understand that anything worth doing takes time. right now in that head of yours, you have almost all of the information you need to succeed as an infopreneur. we know because we’ve seen and helped small business owners like you do it time and time again. actually, with more than 35,000 transactions across more than 190 countries every day, we have quite a lot of insight about what it takes to become a successful infopreneur. in fact, here at clickbank, we probably have more empirical data on building profitable information businesses than anyone else in the world. when you combine your subject matter knowledge with our experience in building information businesses, you really can’t go wrong. ready to get started? we’ve crunched those terabytes of data and examined it all to develop our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur. it’s likely the definitive guide to building a profitable information business.  in it, we share the information that only the most successful infopreneurs have learned—and use every day to make money. what you’ll get the guide includes 4 easy to understand video modules to teach you what you need to do, and why you need to do it in order to successfully sell your products online. module 1: understanding the infopreneurial approach discover the powerful infopreneurial business model, including the little known secret why starting your own online business is easier today than ever before. learn why infopreneurs are able to make more money in their businesses than they ever imagined was possible. module 2: planning and developing your product offerings don’t waste your efforts by developing the “wrong” product. learn what clickbank’s most successful infopreneurs have realized about the right ways to develop product offerings. the difference between product success and failure starts with the three important criteria outlined in this module. module 3: setting up your own online storefront learn why anyone can (and should) have their own online storefront. uncover the components of an effective infopreneurial website and how to take advantage of free behind the scenes resources and avoid time consuming, costly alternatives that stop others in their tracks. module 4: promoting and selling your product offerings have prospects and customers eating from the palm of your hand, simply by using the free content that’s already in your head. discover the “right way” to launch your products and avoid the steep new product learning curve that throws many motivated infopreneurs off track. but that’s not all! you’ll receive free companion study guides with each module. and although that’s more than enough to help you absorb everything you need to be successful from day one, we’ll also throw in several bonus worksheets to make extra sure that the insights we are sharing with you are crystal clear, so there is no doubt in your mind how to get started making money online the right way. and that you, yes you, can start today. don’t be afraid! trust us, there are people a lot less smart, a lot less talented and a lot less dedicated than you that have discovered infopreneurship and are earning money every single day. this guide will teach you everything you need to get rolling immediately. sounds pretty good, right? but wait…this isn’t for everyone. seriously. don't order our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur if:you're not passionate about your hobby.your hobby already pays for itself, and you don't need any extra income. (congratulations! you're one of the few!)you're not willing to devote a little time and effort sharing what you know with others.you’re looking for a way to get rich quick—not for a second income stream that might one day get you rich slowly.you're not ready to be serious about turning your hobby into a business—even if you had a proven step-by-step action plan at your fingertips. ............ but if you are ready and this sounds like the business model for you,then stop wasting time. ............ this guide will give you everything you need to get rolling immediately. in fact, it’s jam packed with valuable, step by step information to get you earning more from the moment you sign up with clickbank. don’t make the same mistakes that others have made before you. it teaches you exactly what you need to know to avoid doing the things that cause others to fail. sign up & get the first module free. not quite ready to buy?  enter your name and email and get access to the first module of our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur for free. tells us where to send your free module. first name email address your privacy is important to us what are you waiting for? order and download your copy of the complete guide to becoming a successful infopreneur now! only$27 buy nowp.s. you might see similar business start-up kits priced at $50, $100, or even $500. don’t let our low price fool you—clickbank’s guide to becoming a successful infopreneur is every bit as valuable as those high-priced options (if not more valuable). we’re passionate about helping hobbyists turn their pastimes into money-making ventures, and we’ve found that pricing our kit low helps us help as many people as possible. p.p.s. don’t worry that we’re going to leave you hanging after you download the guide to becoming a successful infopreneur. we view this as the first step towards a long-term relationship, and we’ll be there for you every step of the way. get started by ordering your kit today! clickbank about clickbank since 1998, clickbank has helped tens of thousands of people gain more financial control and freedom by turning their knowledge, passions, hobbies, and work experiences into an additional source of ongoing income. through clickbank’s innovative online platform, these infopreneurs receive the tools, training, and access to a global network of over 100,000 affiliate marketers so they can profitably market unique and useful information products to niche audiences all around the world. learn more > international > privacy legal and policies contact us © 2013 clickbank all rights reserved.