来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231033931/http://www.clickbank.com/become-an-affiliate/list-owner/
================================================================================

list owner | clickbank international gear marketplace about us team careers press order support sign up login blog clickbank list owner sell yourproducts are you an expert?your passions, hobbies or work experiences make you an expert. tell us about yourself and learn how more and more people just like you are monetizing what they know. author consultant educator hobbyist professional small biz owner speaker trainer established infopreneur become anaffiliate built an audience?your loyal online following is valuable and you can keep growing those relationships as a clickbank affiliate. discover how others like you are monetizing their audience. blogger list owner online retailer established affiliate ourplatform ready to monetize?whether you're looking to monetize your knowledge as an infopreneur or monetize your audience as an affiliate, clickbank gives you the features you need. clickbank powered platform clickbank diy clickbank for affiliates featuredproducts main navigation sell your products  -  author -  consultant -  educator -  hobbyist -  professional -  small biz owner -  speaker -  trainer -  established infopreneur become an affiliate  -  blogger -  list owner -  online retailer -  established affiliate our platform  -  clickbank powered platform -  clickbank diy -  clickbank for affiliates featured products gear marketplace about us  -  team -  careers -  press order support sign up login blog organizations and groups of all sizes are discovering the benefits of affiliate marketing. they’re generating extra cash on a regular basis simply by promoting products that their members need and want. best of all, their affiliate activities improve their relationships with their members and help them grow their lists. maybe you belong to a formal organization that has a large website, regular newsletters, and dues-paying members. maybe you just keep in touch with a group or people with similar interests by sending them an email now and then. or maybe you personally send out regular newsletters and have built up a list of subscribers independent of any organization. no matter how you developed your list, you could be generating income through a technique you may not have considered. hundreds of groups and thousands of individuals are already using this method to generate cash slowly but steadily over time. it doesn’t cost any money, and it requires only a fraction of the time and effort that other fundraising programs require. what is this unique opportunity? it’s called affiliate marketing. here’s how it works: you (the affiliate) browse through clickbank’s library of tens of thousands of products to find the ones that would appeal to the people on your list. you promote those products on your newsletter and/or website. when people buy, you earn commissions–up to 75%. it’s amazingly simple. and unlike other many methods of fundraising, affiliate marketing can actually help you strengthen your relationships with the people on your list. that’s because you’ll be selecting products especially for them–things they want and need. you’ll be helping your list members learn new things… and you’ll be making a little money at the same time. what could you do with a little extra cash each month? if you’re part of an organization that relies on fundraisers and donations, the economic downturn likely had an impact on your financial status. a little extra cash could help you replace those missing donations. maybe you’re part of a professional organization. a little extra money could help you offer better support for your members, enable you to increase your lobbying efforts or maybe allow you to take on a community service project. maybe you have a very loosely knit group that’s never done any fundraising before. becoming an affiliate could easily pay any costs associated with your newsletter or website, and it could possibly allow you to expand your activities. or maybe you’re an individual who has built up a list of newsletter subscribers. your affiliate promotions could generate a modest second income that could pay for your hobby or help you reach your financial goals–like buying a house, paying for college, funding your retirement, or taking the vacation you’ve always dreamed of. no matter what your financial goals are, becoming a clickbank affiliate can help you reach them. and many of our affiliates report that they’re slowly but steadily increasing their earnings each month. promote products that your list members actually need and want. sometimes, organizations attempt to raise money with fundraisers. depending on the nature of the group, you might sponsor a fancy dinner or host a rummage sale or put on a golf tournament or sell candy bars. or maybe you’ve tried selling advertising or sponsorships for your website or newsletter. unfortunately, all of those activities tend to annoy your list members. they don’t want to see ads for things they don’t need or want, and they don’t want to be pressured to buy things they don’t need or want. but as an affiliate, you’ll be promoting information products you select specifically for your group. for example, if you have a list of preschool parents, you could choose to offer an e-book with parenting tips or lessons on how to teach your child to read. if you have an organization for business owners, you could offer tips for reducing your taxes or sales strategies that are guaranteed to increase revenue. knitting club members might love a step-by-step guide to making money from their hobby; the people that subscribe to your couponing newsletter might also like an e-book on household budgeting. at clickbank we have tens of thousands of products like these available for you to choose them. no matter what your group’s interests are, we can almost guarantee that you’ll find products that will appeal to them. best of all, when you promote products that your members actually want to buy, they see those promotions as part of the benefit of your group. many list owners find that the people in their groups say they actually enjoy the product recommendations. they might even encourage their friends to join just for that reason. and that will give you even more opportunities for product sales and additional income. becoming a clickbank affiliate is amazingly easy many of the methods list owners use to make money carry upfront costs. you might have to buy the products you’re selling or rent a location to hold an event or pay advertising costs. becoming a clickbank affiliate costs you absolutely nothing. even better, with an established audience and list already, becoming an affiliate takes very little work.  all you have to do is select the products you want to promote, try them out to ensure they’re a good fit for your audience.  then develop some content and a link for your newsletter and/or website. it can literally takes just minutes. but the payoff for those few minutes can be substantial. ............ earn commissions up to 75%!here at clickbank, we pay some of the highest commissions of any affiliate marketing program. ............ every clickbank product has a commission rate that is set by the vendor—up to 75%. when you drive a sale to that product, clickbank processes the sale, applies its charges, then calculates the commission rate based on the remaining net sale amount. let’s look at the math for minute. if you promote a $19 product that pays 75% commissions, you’ll earn $12.43 every time someone buys. if you promote a $50 product that pays 75% commissions, you’ll earn $33.93 every time someone buys. if you promote a $20 subscription that earns a recurring 75% commission every month, you’ll earn $13.51 per month for every one of your readers who subscribes to that offer for as long as they subscribe. with numbers like that, it’s easy to see how your commissions can rack up quickly. of course, not every product pays a 75% commission. but even if you choose to promote products with 25% or 50% commissions, it doesn’t take very many sales to earn a significant chunk of change. a steady source of income we’re not going to lie to you. you’re probably not going to earn millions or even thousands of dollars your first month as an affiliate. we do have a few clickbank affiliates earn the equivalent of a full-time income from their affiliate activities—but they’re the exception, not the rule. however, we have thousands of affiliates who get significant checks every month. and many of them are gradually but consistently increasing their earnings. these folks understand that anything worth doing takes time. but over time, your affiliate earnings could be a substantial revenue stream–for your group or for yourself, if you have a personal list. the sooner you get started, the sooner your earnings will begin. ready to get started? we process more than 35,000 transactions across more than 190 countries every day. all that experience has given us a wealth of information about what helps affiliates succeed. we’ve developed a guide to help you get started –”monetize your list with clickbank”.  and it’s free! here’s some of what you can expect to learn: a simple step-by-step plan get you started making money as an affiliate–quickly. the secrets that allows you to monetize your audience effectively while also building even better relationships with them. how to find the right products to promote products that fit your audience’s needs and that you can stand behind. sounds pretty good, right? but wait…this guide isn’t for everyone. seriously. don't download our free monetize your list with clickbank guide if:you're not willing to spend a few minutes a month promoting products that members of your group would love.participating in an affiliate marketing program would cause your organization to violate its by-laws or lose its non-profit status. (this isn't a problem for most groups, but check with your lawyer or tax expert to be sure.)you're too afraid to try something new--even if would bring in a little money and alert your members to special offers they would enjoy.you’re looking for a way to get rich quick—not for a way to raise funds slowly and steadily over time.you aren’t ready to get started with a free opportunity for generating cash. ............ but if you are ready and this sounds like the opportunity for you, then stop wasting time. ............ this guide will give you everything you need to get rolling immediately. what are you waiting for? download your free monetize your list with clickbank guide now! tell us where to send your free guide. first name email address your privacy is important to us p.s. we know you have a lot of affiliate programs to choose from. only clickbank lets you choose from tens of thousands of products that aren’t listed with other networks and pays commissions as high as 75%! and with clickbank you can promote products anywhere in the world. our catalog of products includes materials in english, spanish, french, portugese, italian and german, and we process payments in over 30 different currencies. p.p.s. downloading the free monetize your list with clickbank guide doesn’t put you under any obligation to sign up with us. really! it’s just free information on how to use affiliate marketing to earn income. but if you do choose to sign up with clickbank today, you could receive your first check next week! clickbank about clickbank since 1998, clickbank has helped tens of thousands of people gain more financial control and freedom by turning their knowledge, passions, hobbies, and work experiences into an additional source of ongoing income. through clickbank’s innovative online platform, these infopreneurs receive the tools, training, and access to a global network of over 100,000 affiliate marketers so they can profitably market unique and useful information products to niche audiences all around the world. learn more > international > privacy legal and policies contact us © 2013 clickbank all rights reserved.