来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231033931/http://www.clickbank.com/sell-your-products/professional/
================================================================================

professional | clickbank international gear marketplace about us team careers press order support sign up login blog clickbank professional sell yourproducts are you an expert?your passions, hobbies or work experiences make you an expert. tell us about yourself and learn how more and more people just like you are monetizing what they know. author consultant educator hobbyist professional small biz owner speaker trainer established infopreneur become anaffiliate built an audience?your loyal online following is valuable and you can keep growing those relationships as a clickbank affiliate. discover how others like you are monetizing their audience. blogger list owner online retailer established affiliate ourplatform ready to monetize?whether you're looking to monetize your knowledge as an infopreneur or monetize your audience as an affiliate, clickbank gives you the features you need. clickbank powered platform clickbank diy clickbank for affiliates featuredproducts main navigation sell your products  -  author -  consultant -  educator -  hobbyist -  professional -  small biz owner -  speaker -  trainer -  established infopreneur become an affiliate  -  blogger -  list owner -  online retailer -  established affiliate our platform  -  clickbank powered platform -  clickbank diy -  clickbank for affiliates featured products gear marketplace about us  -  team -  careers -  press order support sign up login blog thousands of professionals are discovering the benefits of the infopreneurial business model. they’re breaking free of the limitations imposed by traditional jobs, increasing their income, and gaining stature in their industries. and you can too. how many times in a typical week do you find yourself saying or thinking, “there just aren’t enough hours in the day”? if you’re like most busy professionals, you cram as much as possible into every working day. after all, whether you work for yourself or someone else, your income depends on the amount of work you do and the number of clients you serve. but what if you could generate ongoing income without spending more hours interacting directly with clients? what if you could expand your client base dramatically and begin helping people all over the world, not just in your local area? what if you could supplement your current pay with a steady revenue stream that would help you weather the “down” times? and what if you could do all that while improving your professional reputation and finding new networking opportunities? sound too good to be true? believe it or not, hundreds of professionals like you are already enjoying the benefits of a higher income. they’ve discovered the benefits of becoming an infopreneur. what’s an “infoprenuer”? simply put, an infopreneur is an information entrepreneur–a person who runs his or her own information business. as a successful professional, you’re uniquely positioned to become a successful infopreneur because you already have specialized knowledge that people will gladly pay money for. i’d like to show you how to take that knowledge and turn it into an online business that will generate a steady income stream for you. i’m not talking about you quitting your current job. instead, i want to introduce you to a new business model that can help you earn more money from the expertise and skills you already have–while helping you earn a reputation as one of the leaders in your field. if this sounds good to you, please keep reading. put your education and experience to work for you you’ve likely spent years–and a great deal of money–acquiring the knowledge and skills necessary for your profession. if you continue to follow the traditional career path, it might take years before all that investment pays off. and it could take many more years after that before you achieve your maximum earning potential. it doesn’t have to be that way. with the infopreneurial business model, you can jump start your career. you’ll supplement your income while providing valuable information and services over the internet. as a result, you’ll soon be earning more than professionals with a similar level of experience. and as word about your products and services spreads in your industry, you’ll become known as an expert in your field, helping you achieve more success in your “day job.” the scale is the difference at clickbank, we help all kinds of people become infopreneurs, but we find that this business model is particularly natural for working professionals. after all, you’re already in the business of transferring your knowledge to people who need it for a fee. right now in your regular job, you can only help one person or group at a time. but as an infopreneur, you’ll be sharing your knowledge with hundreds or even thousands of people all around the world. the difference is in the scale. you see, your day job limits you. you only have so many hours in the day. you can only see a certain number of clients from a certain geographic area. those restrictions also limit your income. while you may be able to command a higher salary or higher fees as you become more experienced, you can still only interact with one person at a time. but with an information business, you’ll be able to break free of those barriers. because your business will be online, your products will be available to anyone in the world with an internet connection. and people will be able to purchase those products any time, not just during your business hours. you’ll be earning money while you’re sleeping… while you’re eating… even while you’re on vacation. you don't have to give up your day job you probably chose your profession because you enjoy it. you wanted to help people, and you were good at the skills necessary for your job. we don’t want you to give that up. we want you to continue doing the things you love. after all, your job is the source of the knowledge and experience that will make your information business possible. but when the time comes–whether it’s in three months or in three decades–we want you to be able to stop working when you want to. we want you to have the extra income that will enable you to retire comfortably… to take the vacations you’ve always wanted… to provide the things for your family that you’d like them to have… to enjoy the lifestyle you’ve been dreaming of. the demand is great whether you’re a lawyer, an architect, a counselor, a doctor, a dentist, a mechanic, a hairdresser, a plumber, an it specialist, a contractor, or some other kind of professional, you likely have acquaintances and family asking you for advice all the time. in fact, you probably answer the same questions on a fairly regular basis. you may even have wished you knew of a website where you could send people to get those questions answered. well, you can get that website you’ve always wished for–and you can make money from it. in fact, we’ve found that you can earn a healthy income stream with just 800 customers. here’s how it works: truth be told, 800 customers isn’t all that many. you may already have 800 clients who would be interested in buying products from you. we find that most infopreneurs, with some dedication, can easily acquire 800 customers.  many can acquire thousands more. creating a marketable product is easier than you think at this point, you may be thinking, “but i don’t have any products. what could i possibly sell?” it’s true–you don’t have any products… yet. but you do have all of the building blocks you need to create those products. most clickbank infopreneurs begin by developing an “information kit” that they can sell for a fairly low price. that kit might include tips, a series of “how-to” lessons, demonstration videos, or even an e-book. the key is to provide information in the form that will be most useful to your customers. fortunately, you already know how to present that information because you do it every day. if you rely on written documents in your day-to-day work, great! a written information product will be perfect for your information business. if you prefer to talk to people, video or audio might suit you better. or if people need a lot of visual aids to understand your services, charts and diagrams might be best. no matter what type of information product you choose to create, clickbank can give you tips and tricks that can help speed up the process and help you avoid potential mistakes. we break down the steps and give you the tools you need to create an product people will gladly pay money for. ............ don't wait... other professionals are already discovering the infopreneurial model ............ "as a professional project manager i knew i had expertise and resources that could be helpful to newbies in the project management industry. with money i earn from selling my product management product i am able to afford flying lessons and follow my dream of becoming a pilot."- james bailey, project management templates“we have triplet boys and as you can imagine, they can be a handful. having an internet based company has enabled us to hire help that just wouldn't be possible if i was still only seeing clients each week. it has made being a parent a much easier and enjoyable experience.”- bob grant, bob grant l.p.c."as a speech-language pathologist, i wanted my information and techniques to continue to be available to others when i retire. not only have i accomplished that goal, but my online business has helped me support my family during the recession and will continue to in the future."- mary lou johnson, help your child speak"i developed client angel, a relationship tracking software tool so that i could be more organized and better serve my customers. knowing how helpful it was for me, i realized there was an opportunity to sell it to others. with the extra income i've earned i have been able to take my family on vacation, make some upgrades to our home and stop living paycheck to paycheck! i am now close to being able to quit my day job and spend more time at home with my kids."- jen fitzgerald, the client angel a get-rich-slow plan we’re not going to lie to you. you’re probably not going to earn millions or even thousands of dollars your first month as an infopreneur. we do have a few clickbank infopreneurs who have quit their regular jobs and work for themselves full time—but they’re the exception, not the rule. however, we have thousands of infopreneurs who earn $200, $500, or $1,000 every month. and many of them are gradually but consistently increasing their earnings. these folks understand that anything worth doing takes time. right now in that head of yours, you have almost all of the information you need to succeed as an infopreneur. we know because we’ve seen and helped professionals like you do it time and time again. actually, with more than 2,000 new accounts per day—and 35,000 transactions across more than 190 countries every day, we have quite a lot of insight about what it takes to become a successful infopreneur. in fact, here at clickbank, we probably have more empirical data on building profitable information businesses than anyone else in the world. when you combine your subject matter knowledge with our experience in building information businesses, you really can’t go wrong. ready to get started? we’ve crunched those terabytes of data and examined it all to develop our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur. it’s likely the definitive guide to building a profitable information business.  in it, we share the information that only the most successful infopreneurs have learned—and use every day to make money. what you’ll get the guide includes 4 easy to understand video modules to teach you what you need to do, and why you need to do it in order to successfully sell your products online. module 1: understanding the infopreneurial approach discover the powerful infopreneurial business model, including the little known secret why starting your own online business is easier today than ever before. learn why infopreneurs are able to make more money than they ever imagined was possible. module 2: planning and developing your product offerings don’t waste your efforts by developing the “wrong” product. learn what clickbank’s most successful infopreneurs have realized about the right ways to develop product offerings. the difference between product success and failure starts with the three important criteria outlined in this module. module 3: setting up your own online storefront learn why anyone can (and should) have their own online storefront. uncover the components of an effective infopreneurial website and how to take advantage of free behind the scenes resources and avoid time consuming, costly alternatives that stop others in their tracks. module 4: promoting and selling your product offerings have prospects and customers eating from the palm of your hand, simply by using the free content that’s already in your head. discover the “right way” to launch your products and avoid the steep new product learning curve that throws many motivated infopreneurs off track. but that’s not all! you’ll receive free companion study guides with each module. and although that’s more than enough to help you absorb everything you need to be successful from day one, we’ll also throw in several bonus worksheets to make extra sure that the insights we are sharing with you are crystal clear, so there is no doubt in your mind how to get started making money online the right way. and that you, yes you, can start today. don’t be afraid! trust us, there are people a lot less smart, a lot less talented and a lot less dedicated than you that have discovered infopreneurship and are earning money every single day. this guide will teach you everything you need to get rolling immediately. sounds pretty good, right? but wait…this isn’t for everyone. seriously. don't order our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur if:you're afraid of hard work.you already have all the money you could ever want or need. you're too afraid to try something new--even if would help expand your client base and boost your professional reputation.you’re looking for a way to get rich quick—not for a second income stream that might one day get you rich slowly.you're not ready to be serious—even if you had a proven step-by-step action plan at your fingertips. sign up & get the first module free. not quite ready to buy?  enter your name and email and get access to the first module of our guide to becoming a successful infopreneur for free. tells us where to send your free module. first name email address your privacy is important to us ready to get started? this guide will give you everything you need to get rolling immediately. in fact, it’s jam packed with valuable, step by step information to get you earning more from the moment you sign up with clickbank. don’t make the same mistakes that others have made before you. it teaches you exactly what you need to know to avoid doing the things that cause others to fail. order and download your copy of the complete guide to becoming a successful infopreneur now! only$27 buy nowp.s. you might see similar business start-up guides priced at $50, $100, or even $500. don’t let our low price fool you—clickbank’s guide to becoming a successful infopreneur is every bit as valuable as those high-priced options (if not more valuable). we’ve learned that pricing our starter kit low allows us to reach more potential infopreneurs. just like you, we intend to grow our business by helping as many clients as possible. p.p.s. don’t worry that we’re going to leave you hanging after you download the guide to becoming a successful infopreneur. we view this as the first step towards a long-term professional relationship, and we’ll be there for you every step of the way. get started by ordering yours today! clickbank about clickbank since 1998, clickbank has helped tens of thousands of people gain more financial control and freedom by turning their knowledge, passions, hobbies, and work experiences into an additional source of ongoing income. through clickbank’s innovative online platform, these infopreneurs receive the tools, training, and access to a global network of over 100,000 affiliate marketers so they can profitably market unique and useful information products to niche audiences all around the world. learn more > international > privacy legal and policies contact us © 2013 clickbank all rights reserved.