来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231170310/https://www.clickbank.com/launch-checklist/
================================================================================

clickbank offer launch checklist - clickbank clickbank seller launch checklisteverything you need to know to get started on clickbanksection 1: getting startedin section 1, you will create your clickbank accounts and we will explain the differences between your accounts. if you have a physical consumable or cosmetic product, we will also instruct you on what preliminary items you will need to provide. we will also discuss what is needed if you have, or plan to have, a video sales letter on any of your sales pages. create your master account click here to sign up for an account.consider using a business-dedicated email that is not dependent on an individual remaining employed at your company. use an email address you are willing to receive critical email updates to.for example, don’t use support@company.com if you receive customer service requests at that address currently. don’t use matthew@company.com if matthew could leave your company in 6 months and you would deactivate their email account. use an account where you can prioritize messages with important updates that do not get mixed up with a host of less important emails and will also be around your business long-term, regardless of who at your company owns the address. this is important because at this time, you cannot change the email you select for your account. create your nickname account once you create your “nickname” account as shown in the above video, let your clickbank rep know what nickname you chose. they will tag the account as “managed” which will allow reviews to occur more quickly and through your dedicated team directly.note: you must confirm your email that you signed up for a clickbank account with. if you are having any troubles confirming the account using that confirmation email, keep these tips in mind:1. make sure you are only clicking the newest confirmation link! if you have sent multiple confirmation links any previous link will not work.2. make sure you are opening the confirmation link in the same browser that you are actively signed in to your account settings. opening the link on your mobile device does not confirm the changes. it must be performed in the same browser. submit labels + provide product details these steps only apply to physical products. if you are selling a consumable or cosmetic physical product, complete these steps. otherwise, skip ahead to the sales copy review.–step 1 – send these items to your clickbank rep: 1. flat print labels for all the supplement / cosmetic products in your funnel. for example: 2. the name, address, and url of your product manufacturer 3. the name, address, and url of your fulfillment company 4. the legal name of your company that your products are sold under–step 2 – obtain an insurance policyif you are selling an fda-regulated item, which includes supplements, foods, cosmetics, otc drugs, exercise devices, or pet care products, you will need to provide a certificate of insurance and policy endorsements as proof that you have procured and maintain lability insurance (including product liability) issued to your company as the brand owner. clickbank’s insurance requirements are:a certificate of product liability insurance issued to vendor company with these minimum coverages:$1,000,000     each occurrence$2,000,000     commercial general liability aggregate$2,000,000     products / completed operations aggregate$1,000,000     advertising injury and personal injury aggregateand these endorsements included on the certificate of insurance and mailed to us once policy is issued:additional insured (click sales inc., 1444 s. entertainment ave., ste. 410, boise, id 83709)primary and noncontributory – other insurance condition endorsementwaiver of subrogation30-day cancellation notice / 10-day cancellation notice for nonpayment of premiumyou will not need the policy to be in place until you are ready to sell your products. however, we recommend you reach out to some insurance providers and collect quotes, so when you are ready to begin transacting on clickbank, there isn’t a delay to get your policy issued by your insurance agent.resourcesif you need a referral to insurance providers familiar with clickbank insurance requirements, click here. these carriers are listed in no particular order, and we are in no way endorsing any of these companies.click here to see a sample coi. sales copy review if you have, or plan to have, a video sales letter on your page(s), please email a copy of the script to your cb rep.please send the script to our team prior to filming your video.this will give our business services team an opportunity to go through the copy and provide feedback / request changes to ensure your copy is compliant with ftc and fda guidelines, before filming, so you don’t have to make changes later. if you have already filmed, still send a copy of your script and we’ll complete a review on it.if you do not have, or plan to have, a video sales letter on any of your pages, skip this step.resourcesto understand the general guidelines for writing compliant copy, please refer to our claims guidance document by clicking here.–section 2: account setupin section 2, you will connect your preferred method to receive payments from clickbank, explore optional features, and begin designing your offer in your clickbank account. payment settings note: the threshold field is the amount you will need to have earned in your account before each paycheck is sent out. if you only want to be sent a paycheck once you have earned $x, you can set that as your threshold. features create your products note: you must have a thank you page. it can be a static page with the same text for all customers (more info on what information is required later in this checklist) but we will send customers to your thank you page post-purchase.you can also add a product image to each product you create. if you choose to do so, these are the specifications: design your upsell flow if you are selling any recurring products in your upsell flow, you will need to include a checkbox on your page for the customer to select, acknowledging the rebill terms. this can be done by adding this javascript to your sales page where the customer can purchase that recurring product. add a header image add branding to your order form this is the standard sizing for header images:elements to consider including on your header image are:your company logoyour company nameyour product titleyour product imageunique product claimspolicy claimslifestyle imagesexample:which could look like:orclick here to see how a header image will appear on your order form.–section 3: page designin section 3, we will explain the elements that clickbank requires on each of your pages. these elements are required to establish clickbank’s presence as the merchant of record and payment processor on transactions. these elements also uphold best practices for a positive customer experience. you will also customize your order form, create the paylinks for your buy buttons, and submit your products for approval. clickbank page requirements all of your sales pages must feature these elements: 1. clickbank trust badgeyou can find instructions for locating your trust badge here or by watching the above video. 2. clickbank disclaimerclickbank is the retailer of this product. clickbank® is a registered trademark of click sales, inc., a delaware corporation located at 1444 s. entertainment ave., suite 410 boise, id 83709, usa and used by permission. clickbank’s role as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or review of this product or any claim, statement or opinion used in promotion of this product. 3. contact informationyour contact information and clickbank’s contact information must be equally present on your sales page due to our status as an online merchant processor. please present contact information in the following format (and hyperlink your own contact method into the product support line): for product support, please contact the vendor here.for order support, please contact clickbank here. 4. payment informationfor one-time purchase products (no recurring billing charges), the product price needs to be clearly and conspicuously listed by the order button presented on the page.for recurring billing products, clearly and conspicuously state the initial price, the rebill price, and the rebill schedule of your product. 5. refund policyeither provide refund instructions within the copy on your page, or link out to your refund policy in the footer of your page.if you sell physical products, also include shipping and return information if the customer needs to return the product for a refund. 6. additional disclaimersdepending on the marketing of your product, and the niche you are selling in, you may be requested to add additional disclaimers to your sales pages. if so, we will provide the additional disclaimers to you when you submit your product for approval later in this checklist. –your thank you page must feature these elements: 1. clickbank trust badgeyou can find instructions for locating your trust badge here or by watching the above video. 2. clickbank disclaimerclickbank is the retailer of this product. clickbank® is a registered trademark of click sales, inc., a delaware corporation located at 1444 s. entertainment ave., suite 410 boise, id 83709, usa and used by permission. clickbank’s role as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or review of this product or any claim, statement or opinion used in promotion of this product. 3. product delivery expectations (physical products)example: “thank you for your purchase! your product will be delivered in the next 3-5 business days.” 4. product access instructions (digital products)example: “thank you for your purchase! we will deliver your new login credentials to you via email within the next 24 hours. you can access your members area here: https://www.membershipsite.com/login” 5. a statement about how the charge will appear on the customer’s credit card statement:example: “your credit card statement will show a charge from clkbank*” 6. contact informationexample: “please contact our team at 1-800-123-4567 if you have any questions!” 7. additional disclaimersdepending on the marketing of your product, and the niche you are selling in, you may be requested to add additional disclaimers to your thank you page. if so, we will provide the additional disclaimers to you when you submit your product for approval later in this checklist. customize your order form increase your conversion rate: customized order forms are optional but recommended. all offers will feature clickbank’s default order form unless a custom order form has been created and incorporated into the paylink (more on how to do that later). click here for an example of what clickbank’s default order form looks like.customizing an order form will allow you to add branding to the order form and create a more congruent appearance that aligns with your sales page. it is easy to create and recommended to boost conversions. click here for an example of what a customized order form could look like.if you want to create an advanced custom order form, which will allow you to design a more custom look, it will require you to create it using css. you can find helpful .zip files on our knowledge base article. paylinks learn how to create a paylink: note: when using these paylink and accept/decline link templates, be sure to replace the red text with information from your own account.basic paylink for a front end offer: https://ketoboost1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=kb1upsell flow parameter: cbfid=48310custom order form parameter: cbskin=33428basic paylink with parameters:https://ketoboost1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbitems=kb1&cbfid=48310&cbskin=33428accept link for a one-time purchase product (upsell offer):https://ketoboost1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbur=a&cbitems=kb1mdecline link for a one-time purchase product (upsell offer):https://ketoboost1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbur=d&cbitems=kb1maccept link for a recurring billing product (upsell offer):https://ketoboost1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbur=a&cbitems=kb1m.1&cbrblaccpt=truedecline link for a recurring billing product (upsell offer):https://ketoboost1.pay.clickbank.net/?cbur=d&cbitems=kb1m.1&cbrblaccpt=false submit products for approval note: once your products are submitted, they will be reviewed by our business services team within 3 to 5 business days.if any changes are necessary, like some copy changes or adding cb page requirements, you will see your product status go from gray:to orange and you can click the ticket details hyperlink to view the comments. after you make the necessary changes and respond to the comment, your status will go from orange:to yellow: if no further changes are necessary, you’ll see the status turn to green:and your product will be officially approved.–section 4: integrationsin section 4, you will set up any 3rd party software integrations you need like an integration with your fulfillment center to fulfill customer orders. we will also show you how to generate a test credit card in your account so you can test all of your links and ensure your customer flow is operating as designed. tech integrations integrate scalable tech: integrating clickbank with the software you use to manage aspects of your business such as email lists + campaigns, membership access, and product fulfillment, will allow you to have scalable processes in place as you try to scale a high volume sales for your offer.the purpose of these integrations is for you to get customer information and transaction data out of clickbank, into the 3rd party software you leverage.you’ll complete these integrations by tying into clickbank’s api or ins.business tools that may require integration include:email service providerscustomer relationship managersmembership sitesfulfillment centersthere are guides available online to walk you through integrating with clickbank’s api/ins, for the major providers in the above categories. you can find an aggregated collection of integration guides by clicking here.if you are selling a physical product, you’ll want to tie in to our ship notice api. you will use this to send tracking information to clickbank, and associate it with the sale itself, so our customer service team knows when the product has shipped and can inform your customers if they call. this is important to combat refunds and chargebacks.you only have one secret key for your account. so if you are integrating with multiple 3rd party softwares, you will need the secret key to match between those softwares.to learn more about what api and ins are, and for developers to obtain links to our api + ins knowledge base articles, click here. complete a test purchase test your customer experience: note: it is important to complete a test purchase through as many customer flow paths as you can. test the flow by following the accept links and the decline links throughout your funnel. this will allow you to ensure that you have no broken links.if any links are broken, refer back to the paylinks section of this checklist.also communicate with your fulfillment company that you are completing test purchases so they do not fulfill the orders.–section 5: customer servicein section 5, you will upload your customer service contact information within your account. we will also show you how to access, manage, and respond to customer service tickets within your account. customer support information note: if you are selling physical products, you will need to provide your cb rep with special customer service instructions. at a minimum, you should provide your return address for physical products that we can provide to customers. for example:attn: returns departmentc/o your company nameyour desired addresscity, state, zip codeany other brief special instructions… include that verbiage here. customer tickets training after watching the above video, click here to register for a q+a session with our customer advocacy training specialist if you still have additional questions.this training is for vendors who are selling a product on clickbank or your customer service staff who will be managing customer support tickets. it is highly recommended to help you and your in-house customer service team understand how to navigate and maximize your use of clickbank’s customer service portal. this will help you combat high refund and chargeback rates.by the end of this video, you will know how to find customer service tickets, respond to customers, save sales, issue refunds, and a host of other practices to provide your customers with the best experience possible.–section 6: attract affiliatesin section 6, we will cover the best practices you can leverage to attract affiliates organically and some strategies for retaining affiliates. payment terms payment option 1: revenue sharing commission tier payment option 2: cost per action commission marketplace listing be seen by affiliates: create an affiliate tools page note: an affiliate tools page is completely optional. however, affiliates seek affiliate tools pages where they can find swipe copy for ads and emails as well as read the expectations and promotional guidelines for your offer.the better you build out your affiliate tools page, the more likely you are to attract and convince new affiliates to test your offer.click here for an example affiliate tools page.note: formatting on the above link may not look perfect on your browser. refer back to the video if you need to refer to the formatting. create and test affiliate hoplinks –section 7: wrap-upif you have reached this point and your products are approved, you can begin transacting on clickbank. in this section, we will recommend some strategies for you to begin directing traffic to your offer and generating sales. we will also provide some additional resources for continued learning revolving around affiliate acquisition and scaling strategies. send traffic your offer should be completely built out and approved now.if you have a clickbank rep, reach out to them so you can discuss a scaling strategy specific to your offer.if you do not have a clickbank rep, some ways to generate traction with your offer include:test your offer to an internal email list you have.sign up for another clickbank nickname account (you can create another one from within your existing master account) and send your traffic a hoplink with that account as the affiliate. example:https://hop.clickbank.net/?affiliate=youraffiliateaccount&vendor=yourvendoraccounttest your offer by running paid ads to it on platforms like facebook, youtube, google, and display networks.see above nickname instructions and send the traffic through to your own hoplink which will boost your marketplace listing because the sales are occurring through an affiliate account.reach out to the affiliates you do know and incentivize them to test your offer to their traffic sourcesnetwork in facebook groups and at affiliate marketing events to connect with affiliates and broaden the base of affiliates you work with.lastly, consider watching clickbank’s youtube content where we are constantly releasing new content designed to help you learn new strategies you can use to scale your offer. check out these videos relevant to new and scaling offers:how to increase your average order value and customer lifetime valueideas to optimize your conversion ratehow to manage your customer service operations earn with clickbankaffiliatessell your productclient supportlearn with clickbankaffiliate marketing coursesyoutube channelbloghow to make money onlinewhat is affiliate marketing?companyleadershipcareersour storyintegrations 2021 clickbank all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy