来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231185951/https://www.clickbank.com/
================================================================================

welcome to clickbank x home affiliates affiliate solutions affiliate overview learn how all kinds of affiliates can build their business with clickbank media buyers learn how scaled media buyer affiliates find support and success with clickbank email marketers learn how email marketer affiliates monetize their email lists with clickbank affiliate resources getting started on clickbankpopular free beginner affiliate course to set up account and start making sales on clickbank! affiliate marketing events here are the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year platinum program learn about the exclusive benefits that top clickbank sellers enjoy cpa on clickbank get to know clickbank’s cost-per-action commission structure and what makes it unique affiliate resources how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide clickbank top offerspopular view the latest top offers on clickbank’s marketplace integrations view the tools, services, and software that integrate seamlessly with clickbank’s platform affiliate guides how to make money online 17 ways to make money online in 2023 what is affiliate marketing a clickbank official guide on how to become an affiliate marketer sellers seller solutions seller overview learn how all kinds of product owners and sellers can grow their business with affiliates on clickbank e-commerce brands learn how e-commerce brands grow their affiliate programs and acquire new customers with clickbank help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide. seller resources ecom to dr success centernew find out how to transform your ecommerce product into an attractive direct response offer for performance affiliates to promote how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience for both sellers and affiliates affiliate marketing events here are the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year platinum program learn about the exclusive benefits that top clickbank sellers enjoy seller resources seller launch checklistpopular learn how to onboard your product to clickbank with a step by step guided tutorial cpa on clickbank get to know clickbank’s cost-per-action commission structure and what makes it unique partners see our handpicked selection of preferred clickbank partners for every category integrations view the tools, services, and software that integrate seamlessly with clickbank’s platform seller guides cpa seller guide a clickbank official guide on how to offer cpa in your affiliate program how to create an affiliate program learn how your business can start it’s first affilaite program become an elite affiliate manager find how you can make your affiliate program more optimized, profitable, and ready to scale learn getting started how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience for both sellers and affiliates getting started on clickbank free beginner affiliate course to set up your account and start making sales on clickbank affiliate trainingnew learn directly from clickbank experts how to make your first $2,000 as an affiliate help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide clickbank resources clickbank top offerspopular view the latest top offers on clickbank’s marketplace affiliate marketing events discover the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year affiliate marketing glossary learn the most important affiliate marketing terms in this comprehensive glossary how to make money onlinepopular learn about 17 different popular ways to make money online clickbank resources what is affiliate marketing? discover what affiliate marketing is and how you can start your own business as an affiliate traffic trends report find out where successful clickbank clients are getting traffic for affiliate marketing about clickbank get to know the history and impact of clickbank in the world of e-commerce and direct response support log in start here find my order log in find my order start here start here start here find my order one platform. limitless potential. clickbank e-commerce platform & affiliate marketplace sign up for a free clickbank account to access our industry-leading affiliate marketplace, ultra-reliable tracking, and unrivaled direct response expertise. build, market, and scale your business with clickbank! $6.2b commissions paid 100k active affiliates affiliates affiliates choose clickbank because of our high-converting affiliate offers, reliable tracking, on-time payments, and industry-leading education. get started on clickbank for free! affiliates start here affiliates start here sellers clickbank offers powerful ecommerce and affiliate management solutions for thousands of product owners, businesses, and brands looking to scale their products online. sellers start here sellers start here 5m+ people trust clickbank monetize your traffic become an affiliate over 100,000 affiliates worldwide choose clickbank as their preferred marketplace, and for good reason: we’ve paid over $6.2 billion in commissions on time for more than 25 years! reliable payments accurate tracking top performing offers dedicated support high quality products training & education start here start here learn more popular affiliate resources getting started with clickbank free beginner affiliate course to set up an account and start making sales on clickbank! learn more spark by clickbank spark is a trusted collection of courses, community, and tools to help you learn affiliate marketing. learn more clickbank top offers view the tools, services, and software that integrate seamlessly with clickbank’s platform. learn more how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience. learn more acquire new customers with affiliates sell your product whether you’re an established brand or a new entrepreneur with a big goal, clickbank will give you the tools and support you need to seamlessly scale online. e-commerce tools & services integrated payments affiliate management rich data & analytics affiliate marketplace compliance & risk start here learn more popular seller resources ecom to dr success center find out how to transform your e-commerce product into an attractive direct response offer for performance affiliates to promote. learn more seller launch checklist learn how to onboard your product to clickbank with a step by step guided tutorial. learn more cpa seller guide a clickbank official guide on how to offer cpa in your affiliate program. learn more integrations view the tools, services, and software that integrate seamlessly with clickbank’s platform. learn more courses. community. tools. so, what is spark? spark is a trusted collection of courses, community, and tools to help you learn affiliate marketing, how to use clickbank, and how to drive traffic in order to kick start your efforts to make money online. taught by the employees who run clickbank and our most successful clients. learn more popular spark resources affiliate foundations this program is designed with one simple goal in mind: getting you that first paycheck as fast as possible and on your way to earning thousands of dollars in commissions. learn more landing page lesson our landing page lessons walks you through all the essential foundations of building a high-converting funnel and landing page. learn more free course get your clickbank affiliate journey started with our free course! view course discord community a one-of-a-kind community set up for all our affiliates to be able to connect, brainstorm, troubleshoot, celebrate, and grow together! learn more worldwide leader in affiliate marketing & ecommerce growth at clickbank, your company is in good company. the clickbank platform empowers entrepreneurs and brands across the globe to grow, scale, and reach customers like never before. we’ve paid out more than $6.2 billion over the last 25+ years, but we’re just getting started. is your business our next success story? in over 190 countries for over 25 years with over $6.2b paid what people say about clickbank michael curtis “since joining clickbank, i’ve experienced nothing but the best. my earnings are never late and products for sale have improved a lot over the years.” jonathan mizel “i have been using clickbank as a buyer and seller since they launched, over 20 years at this point. great service all around, love and trust them completely.” robin hall “i sell a product via clickbank (pianoforall.com) and i have had amazing success through their affiliate system – can’t fault it and would highly recommend them.” kevin butters “great affiliate network, good vendor offers and regular payments make this the no1 choice for affiliate marketers.” mike “fantastic platform for selling your products. i’ve been doing it full time for the last 10 years. payments are always on time & account managers are always very helpful. keep it up!” dawn sylvester “great tool for vendors and affiliate marketing. i have found clickbank very easy to navigate as a vendor, and have found it simple to use as an affiliate marketer.” surya kumar “clickbank is the best affiliate marketing network. we work with a bunch of networks and clickbank is always on the top of our list.” more reviews frequently asked questions (faq) how do i get started as an affiliate on clickbank? first, you should sign up for a free clickbank account here. then, you can browse the clickbank marketplace and find offers to promote in your chosen niche or vertical. for more information, check out our clickbank for beginners guide or our free video affiliate course – these are both step-by-step resources for affiliates looking to get started. how do i get started as a seller on clickbank? building an affiliate program and becoming a seller on clickbank starts with the type of product you sell. get a full checklist and walkthrough for onboarding your product with our seller launch checklist here. how does clickbank work? clickbank is an e-commerce platform and affiliate marketplace that serves as an intermediary between the end customer, product owner, and affiliate marketer. as the merchant of record, clickbank processes each order and routes the funds from each transaction to the parties involved in a purchase. learn more about how clickbank works here. what’s new on clickbank? we’ve introduced a handful of exciting new features in just the last few years. these include an overhauled affiliate marketplace, improved order forms, cpa commissions, twice weekly payments, and powerful integrations, including with shopify. does clickbank offer cpa? yes, clickbank offers both a revenue share (revshare) and cost-per-action (cpa) commission structure! you can learn more about cpa on clickbank here. what tech integrations does clickbank have? clickbank features robust native integrations with a wide range of popular software tools and services. these include voluum, clickfunnels, everflow, bluehost, aweber, and shipoffers. see the full list of integrations here. where can i learn more about affiliate marketing? clickbank offers plenty of free resources on the clickbank blog and youtube channel. if you want to take your learning to the next level, check out spark by clickbank, our official affiliate marketing education program with courses on copywriting, email marketing, paid ads, organic traffic, and more! ready to get started? there’s never been a better time to promote or sell on clickbank! start here start here view marketplace earn with clickbank affiliates sell your product client support learn with clickbank affiliate marketing courses youtube channel blog how to make money online what is affiliate marketing? company about clickbank careers partners integrations clickbank merchandise ®clickbank. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy clickbank is the retailer of products on this site.  clickbank and spark by clickbank are registered trademarks of click sales, inc., a delaware corporation located at 1444 s. entertainment ave. suite 410 boise, idaho 83709 usa and used by permission. clickbank’s role as a retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or review of these products or any claim, statement or opinions used in the promotion of these products.