来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241230192742/https://www.clickbank.com/solutions-media-buyer/
================================================================================

solutions: media buyer - clickbank x home affiliates affiliate solutions affiliate overview learn how all kinds of affiliates can build their business with clickbank media buyers learn how scaled media buyer affiliates find support and success with clickbank agencies see how performance agencies can work with clickbank to grow new revenue streams at scale email marketers learn how email marketer affiliates monetize their email lists with clickbank affiliate resources getting started on clickbankpopular free beginner affiliate course to set up account and start making sales on clickbank! affiliate marketing events here are the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year platinum program learn about the exclusive benefits that top clickbank sellers enjoy cpa on clickbank get to know clickbank’s cost-per-action commission structure and what makes it unique affiliate resources how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide clickbank top offerspopular view the latest top offers on clickbank’s marketplace integrations view the tools, services, and software that integrate seamlessly with clickbank’s platform affiliate guides how to make money online 17 ways to make money online in 2023 what is affiliate marketing a clickbank official guide on how to become an affiliate marketer sellers seller solutions seller overview learn how all kinds of product owners and sellers can grow their business with affiliates on clickbank e-commerce brands learn how e-commerce brands grow their affiliate programs and acquire new customers with clickbank help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide. seller resources ecom to dr success centernew find out how to transform your ecommerce product into an attractive direct response offer for performance affiliates to promote how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience for both sellers and affiliates affiliate marketing events here are the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year platinum program learn about the exclusive benefits that top clickbank sellers enjoy seller resources seller launch checklistpopular learn how to onboard your product to clickbank with a step by step guided tutorial cpa on clickbank get to know clickbank’s cost-per-action commission structure and what makes it unique partners see our handpicked selection of preferred clickbank partners for every category integrations view the tools, services, and software that integrate seamlessly with clickbank’s platform seller guides cpa seller guide a clickbank official guide on how to offer cpa in your affiliate program how to create an affiliate program learn how to scale sales for your brand through of the power of a scalable affiliate program on clickbank become an elite affiliate manager find how you can make your affiliate program more optimized, profitable, and ready to scale learn getting started how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience for both sellers and affiliates getting started on clickbank free beginner affiliate course to set up your account and start making sales on clickbank affiliate trainingnew learn directly from clickbank experts how to make your first $2,000 as an affiliate help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide clickbank resources clickbank top offerspopular view the latest top offers on clickbank’s marketplace affiliate marketing events discover the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year affiliate marketing glossary learn the most important affiliate marketing terms in this comprehensive glossary how to make money onlinepopular learn about 17 different popular ways to make money online clickbank resources what is affiliate marketing? discover what affiliate marketing is and how you can start your own business as an affiliate traffic trends report find out where successful clickbank clients are getting traffic for affiliate marketing about clickbank get to know the history and impact of clickbank in the world of e-commerce and direct response support log in start here find my order log in find my order start here start here start here welcome, media buyers. scale with confidence. clickbank is a performance marketer’s dream. our platform helps media buyers dramatically increase their sales with high-converting offers, cpa and revshare commissions, twice-weekly payments, and a top-notch affiliate team. if you’re brand-new to clickbank – or you haven’t looked at us in a while – watch the video to discover all the recent changes we’ve made to better support media buyers! get started learn more 5m+ people trust clickbank why clickbank? clickbank is the ultimate affiliate marketplace for media buyers. here’s why: reliable payments get paid your way flexible payment options with available cost per action (cpa) commissions (in addition to revshare) and twice-weekly payments. scale farther and faster! high-converting offers promote products that sell the industry’s highest-converting offers from top-notch e-commerce sellers and product owners, with standard commissions as high as 75%! powerful sales reporting track your campaigns with ease powerful native sales reporting integrations with facebook pixel and capi, google analytics, and other third-party trackers. trusted reputation build your business on a rock-solid foundation a business you can count on. clickbank is a 25-year giant in the space with more than $5.5 billion in payouts to date – and we’ve never missed a payment! platinum program you’ll also enjoy access to your own dedicated affiliate manager once you’ve made $250k in a year on clickbank. this includes personalized support, custom affiliate offer recommendations, and introductions to sellers. learn more about platinum $6 billion paid out in commissions to clickbank customers 25 years industry leader since 1998 3000+ products on clickbank marketplace 190+ countries clickbank around the globe how clickbank can help clickbank’s affiliate marketplace is home to the industry’s highest-quality affiliate offers, including digital and physical products in popular niches. without clickbank with clickbank without clickbankwait for affiliate networks or affiliate managers to manually pay out what you’ve earned. with clickbankget paid directly and automatically from every sale – no missed payments! without clickbankreceive payment on a weekly, monthly, or quarterly basis (or whenever they get around to it). with clickbankreceive payment as often as twice-weekly for improved cashflow and predictable accounting! without clickbanksift through affiliate offers with uneven quality. without clickbank, it can be difficult to find products to promote with verified high conversions and low refunds. with clickbankbrowse a marketplace full of proven high converting offers across dozens of verticals, with transparent offer data backed by clickbank! without clickbankspend on paid campaigns without knowing when (or if) you’ll get payouts for sales you’ve already made. with clickbankscale your campaigns without limits! with clickbank as the payment processor, there’s no risk of a cap on how much you can earn. without clickbanklook for offers and network with potential sellers on your own. with clickbankget exclusive access to offer data and introductions to the industry’s most successful sellers and product owners! ready-to-scale affiliate offers clickbank’s affiliate marketplace is home to the industry’s highest-quality affiliate offers, including digital and physical products in popular niches. view all top offers integrations for media buyers there’s nothing more important than the right tech stack! thanks to powerful integrations with the most popular tools and services in the industry, you’ll have all the data you need at your fingertips. enjoy native integration with tools for tracking, split testing, funnel building, email marketing, fulfillment, and many more! popular integrations include: redtrack voluum cpv lab pro shipoffers clickfunnels view all integrations clickbank testimonials clickbank has worked with thousands of successful media buyer affiliates over the years. here’s what just a few of them had to say. “ i’m an experienced digital marketing expert with 13+ years of presence in the affiliate marketing area – and i’m a seasoned media buyer in facebook, google, microsoft. i have worked with various native ads networks such as taboola, revcontent, outbrain, content.ad, yahoo gemini, and mgid. and i have $20m in native ads media buying for my affiliate offers. if you’re looking for a high-quality affiliate network to work with, you don’t go wrong with clickbank. you get access to a wide range of affiliate offers in a closed, safe, and brand-protected environment. clickbank offers very high commissions, as high as 75%, and it is known for its regular reliable payouts, which is a huge drawcard. there are plenty of products sold on a recurring basis, which means a great source of recurring income for you, as well as products with upsell options to help boost your income. for serious affiliate marketers who want a program that’s work investing their and effort, then clickbank is the way to go. umee h. platinum clickbank affiliate i’m аn еxpеrіеncеd dіgіtаl mаrkеtіng еxpеrt wіth 13+ yеаrs оf prеsеncе іn thе аffіlіаtе mаrkеtіng аrеа – аnd i’m а sеаsоnеd mеdіа buyеr іn fаcеbооk, gооglе, mіcrоsоft. i hаvе wоrkеd wіth vаrіоus nаtіvе аds nеtwоrks such аs tаbооlа, rеvcоntеnt, outbrаіn, cоntеnt.аd, yаhоо gеmіni аnd mgid. and i hаvе mаnаgеd оvеr $20m іn nаtіvе аds mеdіа buyіng fоr my аffіlіаtе оffеrs. if yоu’rе lооkіng fоr а hіgh-quаlіty аffіlіаtе nеtwоrk tо wоrk wіth, yоu wоn’t gо wrоng wіth clickbank. yоu gеt аccеss tо а wіdе rаngе оf аffіlіаtе оffеrs оn а clоsеd, sаfе, аnd brаnd-prоtеctеd еnvіrоnmеnt. clickbank оffеrs vеry hіgh cоmmіssіоns, аs hіgh аs 75%, аnd іt іs knоwn fоr іts rеgulаr rеlіаblе pаyоuts, whіch іs а hugе drаwcаrd. thеrе аrе plеnty оf prоducts sоld оn а rеcurrіng bаsіs, whіch mеаns а grеаt sоurcе оf rеcurrіng іncоmе fоr yоu, аs wеll аs prоducts wіth upsеll оptіоns tо hеlp bооst yоur іncоmе. fоr sеrіоus аffіlіаtе mаrkеtеrs whо wаnt а prоgrаm thаt’s wоrth іnvеstіng thеіr tіmе аnd еffоrt, thеn clickbank іs thе wаy tо gо. roy d. silver clickbank affiliate i started running ppc on google back in 2010 for my music publishing business. discovered affiliate marketing around 2015-ish when i met some super-affiliates doing crazy numbers per day through clickbank. so i decided to try the affiliate model and haven’t looked back since. i’ve seen amazing results. 7 figure results. the offers just work. and consistently. you can easily run consistent 5 figure days for months on end with clickbank offers. i’ve even seen 6 figure days. i would recommend clickbank to any media buyer small or large. for one, you always get paid on time. also the offers just darn convert. there’s always a new offer on the horizon. and the products are quality, so you can sleep at night knowing you’re not promoting scams. and the cb team is always there when you need them. jeff b. platinum clickbank affiliate frequently asked questions (faqs) how do i get started on clickbank? first, you should sign up for a free clickbank account here. then, you can browse the clickbank marketplace and find offers to promote in your chosen vertical. how does clickbank integrate with facebook ads? clickbank has a feature called integrated sales reporting that allows you to set up an integration with your chosen third-party platform, including facebook and its conversions api (capi). simply follow the steps there. what third-party tracking solutions does cb integrate with? you can integrate with voluum, redtrack, cpv lab pro, and plenty of other third-party trackers that can help you track, analyze, and optimize your campaigns. see the full list of clickbank tech integrations here. where can i find offer data? each product on the clickbank marketplace has its own product listing, which provides information on important metrics like average $/conversion, gravity score, rebills, and links to tools pages and seller contact info. you can also view more data in our blog post on the latest top offers on clickbank, which is updated twice per month with the top performers on clickbank’s marketplace. what type of commission structures do you offer? clickbank offers a traditional revenue share (revshare) or cost-per-action (cpa) commission structure. media buyers often prefer cpa because it makes calculating revenue easier and more predictable, but you have the flexibility of choosing either commission structure with any seller or offer owner you work with. ready to get started? start here / sign up chat with our affiliate team clickbank marketplace earn with clickbank affiliates sell your product client support learn with clickbank affiliate marketing courses youtube channel blog how to make money online what is affiliate marketing? company about clickbank careers partners integrations clickbank merchandise ®clickbank. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy clickbank is the retailer of products on this site.  clickbank and spark by clickbank are registered trademarks of click sales, inc., a delaware corporation located at 1444 s. entertainment ave. suite 410 boise, idaho 83709 usa and used by permission. clickbank’s role as a retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or review of these products or any claim, statement or opinions used in the promotion of these products.