来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506065439/https://www.clickbank.com/platinum-program/
================================================================================

clickbank platinum program - clickbank x home affiliates affiliate solutions affiliate overview learn how all kinds of affiliates can build their business with clickbank media buyers learn how scaled media buyer affiliates find support and success with clickbank agencies see how performance agencies can work with clickbank to grow new revenue streams at scale email marketers learn how email marketer affiliates monetize their email lists with clickbank affiliate resources getting started on clickbankpopular free beginner affiliate course to set up account and start making sales on clickbank! affiliate marketing events here are the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year platinum program learn about the exclusive benefits that top clickbank sellers enjoy cpa on clickbank get to know clickbank’s cost-per-action commission structure and what makes it unique affiliate resources how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide clickbank top offerspopular view the latest top offers on clickbank’s marketplace integrations view the tools, services, and software that integrate seamlessly with clickbank’s platform affiliate guides how to make money online 17 ways to make money online in 2023 what is affiliate marketing a clickbank official guide on how to become an affiliate marketer sellers seller solutions seller overview learn how all kinds of product owners and sellers can grow their business with affiliates on clickbank e-commerce brands learn how e-commerce brands grow their affiliate programs and acquire new customers with clickbank help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide. seller resources ecom to dr success centernew find out how to transform your ecommerce product into an attractive direct response offer for performance affiliates to promote how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience for both sellers and affiliates affiliate marketing events here are the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year platinum program learn about the exclusive benefits that top clickbank sellers enjoy seller resources seller launch checklistpopular learn how to onboard your product to clickbank with a step by step guided tutorial cpa on clickbank get to know clickbank’s cost-per-action commission structure and what makes it unique partners see our handpicked selection of preferred clickbank partners for every category integrations view the tools, services, and software that integrate seamlessly with clickbank’s platform seller guides cpa seller guide a clickbank official guide on how to offer cpa in your affiliate program how to create an affiliate program learn how to scale sales for your brand through of the power of a scalable affiliate program on clickbank become an elite affiliate manager find how you can make your affiliate program more optimized, profitable, and ready to scale learn getting started how clickbank works discover the nuts and bolts of the clickbank experience for both sellers and affiliates getting started on clickbank free beginner affiliate course to set up your account and start making sales on clickbank affiliate trainingnew learn directly from clickbank experts how to make your first $2,000 as an affiliate help center learn all things clickbank with this comprehensive technical guide clickbank resources clickbank top offerspopular view the latest top offers on clickbank’s marketplace affiliate marketing events discover the essential affiliate marketing conferences and events to attend this year affiliate marketing glossary learn the most important affiliate marketing terms in this comprehensive glossary how to make money onlinepopular learn about 17 different popular ways to make money online clickbank resources what is affiliate marketing? discover what affiliate marketing is and how you can start your own business as an affiliate traffic trends report find out where successful clickbank clients are getting traffic for affiliate marketing about clickbank get to know the history and impact of clickbank in the world of e-commerce and direct response support log in start here find my order log in find my order start here start here start here join the ranks of clickbank’s elite marketers the clickbank platinum program rewards the most successful businesses on clickbank. this is how you know you’ve made it. learn more what is the clickbank platinum program? the platinum program is built for the best of the best. earn your spot in an exclusive community reserved for the top 1% of clickbank affiliates and sellers. here are some facts to know about the platinum program: to qualify for the platinum program, you need to generate $250k in gross sales on clickbank in a calendar year. sales as a seller, affiliate, or joint venture partner all contribute to the gross sales amount. clickbank grants platinum status to clients as they hit the $250k sales threshold, so don’t worry if you didn’t make it last year. we’ll be happy to welcome you to the program as soon as you reach the $250k threshold in the current calendar year. there are more than 400 platinum clients on clickbank, counting both sellers and affiliates. will you be one of them? if you have what it takes to achieve platinum status, you’ll enjoy access to elite benefits for elite marketers! the perks of platinum exclusive networking as a platinum client, you’ll get exclusive access to life-changing networking opportunities. imagine an event with all of the best marketers in the world in one place. that’s clickbank’s platinum summit, a one-of-a-kind luxury getaway where you can meet jv partners, super affiliates, expert copywriters, and top-notch sellers and offer owners. in addition to platinum summit, you’ll be granted access to the platinum facebook group, where you can connect with and learn from other platinums year-round. you’ll also be among the first to get an invite to clickbank’s 10+ live roadshows held all over the world. platinum summit dedicated account manager as a platinum client, you’ll be assigned a dedicated clickbank account manager. think of this person as your very own advisor, strategist, and support specialist. your account manager will facilitate key introductions, grant you access to exclusive revenue-boosting features in your clickbank account, provide on-demand custom reporting, and offer personalized support based on your unique needs. plus, get direct contact to the affiliates and sellers you need through personalized introductions from clickbank. jamie mewes affiliate managerevelina juchnevicuiteaffiliate managernatalie maasaffiliate managerashlyn treherneaffiliate managerdaniel noriegasr account managerlindsey floraaccount managerjustin clarkaccount manager powerful industry recognition as a platinum client, you’ll receive your own custom-printed 6 lb platinum award to commemorate your success and cement your place in clickbank’s top 1%. even better, you’ll be able to share your newfound platinum status with the world. clickbank platinums are respected and admired throughout our industry. what new opportunities will open up for your business with that kind of recognition? priority support as a platinum client, you get the red carpet treatment. our platinum clients have already proven themselves, so we’re happy to provide extra support for everything from new product launches to massive affiliate campaigns. what does our priority support look like? expedited approvals twice-weekly payments personalized attention partnership opportunities with clickbank you’ll get all the priority help you need to make your next business venture on clickbank a huge success! “clickbank at that point was only ebooks, ecourses, that type of stuff. and they had been talking about doing physical products. so, we were one of the first physical products to launch. and at the beginning, they were an integral part of our success. our first year out, we did a over, over 7 million in online sales. now we're going on year three. clickbank has allowed me to simplify the process of launching a product online.” -demetrius “clickbank not only took me from the bottom and helped my step-by-step to figure out the process, but then when it was time, when i had everything set up and i had my program ready to go, then clickbank basically opened the doors for me into a world of marketers and affiliates that i never would have had contact with or even known about if it weren’t for clickbank. my very first year with clickbank, i reached over 100,000 customers with my product.” -emily lark “i would have to say clickbank really had a big impact on me, because that’s the first real interaction i had in the online world, which was back when i was washing dishes. i said wow, that’s an opportunity that i can create a career out of. clickbank is a very, very big part of my success and it made me become who i am today.” -fred lam next steps are you excited to take the next step and become a clickbank platinum? this life-changing journey begins now. we’ve got the path to affiliate marketing success laid out for you below! brand-new to affiliate marketing? start here! already a successful affiliate, but new to clickbank? start here! already a successful product owner, but new to clickbank? start here! earn with clickbank affiliates sell your product client support learn with clickbank affiliate marketing courses youtube channel blog how to make money online what is affiliate marketing? company about clickbank careers partners integrations clickbank merchandise ®clickbank. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy clickbank is the retailer of products on this site.  clickbank and spark by clickbank are registered trademarks of click sales, inc., a delaware corporation located at 1444 s. entertainment ave. suite 410 boise, idaho 83709 usa and used by permission. clickbank’s role as a retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or review of these products or any claim, statement or opinions used in the promotion of these products. we use cookies, pixels, and similar tracking technologies to optimize and personalize your browsing experience, analyze site usage, and assist in marketing efforts. these technologies may collect browsing activity, preferences, and certain personal information as set forth in our privacy policy. by clicking "allow all," you consent to our use of these technologies, agree to our terms of use, and acknowledge our privacy policy. reject all allow all