来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506065439/https://www.clickbank.com/terms-of-use
================================================================================

clickbank website terms of use | clickbank supportskip to main contentticket requestenglishenglishticket requestenglishenglishsearch for articles...table of contentsall collectionspolicies & legal policiesclickbank website terms of useclickbank website terms of use updated over a week agotable of contentslast revised: 04/22/2025 the following terms and conditions (the “terms of use”) constitute a binding agreement between you and click sales inc. d/b/a (“clickbank,” “we,” or “us”) with respect to your use of any of the following websites: https://www.clickbank.com/; https://www.clkbank.com; https://www.sparkbyclickbank.com; and https://www.orders.clickbank.net (collectively the “site”) and the services and content available on the site (collectively with the site, the “offerings”). if you have entered into the clickbank client contract or the terms of sale with clickbank, to the extent that these terms of use conflict with the clickbank client contract or the terms of sale, the terms of the clickbank client contract and/or the terms of sale shall govern with respect to the subject matter therein, including with regard to activity through your clickbank account and with regard to any activity in which you are required to log in to the site. by accessing or using the offerings in any manner (whether automated or otherwise), you (a) acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to these terms of use and our privacy notice which is incorporated herein by reference, and (b) affirm that you are at least 18 years of age (or have reached the age of the majority in the jurisdiction where you reside). if you do not agree to these terms of use or our privacy notice, do not use the offerings. these terms of use include an agreement to mandatory arbitration, which means that you agree to submit any dispute related to the offerings and these terms of use to binding individual arbitration rather than proceeding in court. the dispute resolution provision also includes a class action waiver, which means that you agree to proceed with any dispute individually and not as part of a class action. more information about the arbitration and class action waiver can be found in section 12 (arbitration agreement) below. contents 1. changes to terms of use2. scope of and restrictions on use3. ownership4. electronic communications5. privacy notice6. change and suspension7. disclaimer; limitation of liability8. indemnification9. third party materials10. linking to the site11. u.s. export controls12. arbitration agreement13. miscellaneous14. questions15. notice to california residents 1. changes to terms of use.we may revise and update these terms of use from time to time in our sole discretion. the date these terms of use were last updated is set forth at the top of this page. all changes are effective immediately and apply to all access to, and use of the offerings thereafter. your continued use of the offerings following the posting of revised terms of use means that you accept and agree to the changes. you are expected to check this page frequently, so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you. 2. scope of and restrictions on use.subject to these terms of use, clickbank grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to access and use the offerings for your personal, non-commercial and commercial use, including any audio files, graphics, instructions, images, measurements, sounds, text, videos, and other materials you may view on, access through, or are otherwise related to the offerings (collectively, the “content”). except as otherwise provided in these terms of use, the content may not be copied, downloaded, or stored in a retrieval system for any other purpose, nor may it be modified, redistributed, or reused for any purpose, without the express written permission of clickbank. you agree not to:· collect information, including, without limitation, content from the offerings using an automated software tool or manually on a mass basis (for example, “scraping”);· use automated means to access the offerings, or gain unauthorized access to the offerings, or to any account or computer system connected to the offerings;· obtain, or attempt to obtain, access to areas of the site or our systems that are not intended for access by you;· “flood” the offerings with requests or otherwise overburden, disrupt, or harm the offerings or our systems;· restrict or inhibit other users from accessing or using the offerings;· modify or delete any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices that appear on the site or in the content;· adapt, copy, modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works or improvements of the offerings, in whole or in part;· reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, adapt, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to the source code of the offerings, or any part of offerings, or methods used to compile the content;· access or use the offerings or content for any unlawful purpose or otherwise beyond the scope of the rights granted herein. 3. ownership.as between you and clickbank, clickbank owns the offerings (including the content) which are protected under copyright, trademark, and other applicable united states and international laws and treaties. clickbank owns copyright in the arrangement, coordination, enhancement, and selection of the content, as well as in the content original to clickbank. without limiting the foregoing, the trademarks, service marks, and logos displayed on the site are registered and unregistered marks of clickbank. you acknowledge and agree that, as between you and clickbank, clickbank is and shall remain the sole owner of the offerings and the content, including, without limitation, all patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property and proprietary rights therein and thereto. 4. electronic communications.the communications between you and clickbank via the offerings use electronic means. for contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us in electronic form, and you agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. 5. privacy notice.you acknowledge and agree that all information collected by clickbank is subject to our privacy notice. by using the offerings, you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information in compliance with our privacy notice. 6. change and suspension.6.1 changes to the offerings.clickbank reserves the right to make changes to, suspend, or discontinue (temporarily or permanently) the offerings or any portion thereof (including any content) at any time. you agree that clickbank will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such change, discontinuance, or suspension. 6.2 suspension/termination of access.clickbank has the right to deny access to, and to suspend or terminate your access to, the offerings or to any features or portions thereof, at any time and for any reason, including if you violate these terms of use. if we suspend or terminate your access to the offerings, you will continue to be bound by the terms of use that were in effect as of the date of your suspension or termination. 7. disclaimer; limitation of liability.7.1 disclaimer of warranties.the offerings and the content are provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without warranties of any kind, and clickbank hereby disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. neither clickbank, nor any person associated with clickbank, makes any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy, availability, completeness, quality, reliability, or security of the offerings or any content. without limiting the foregoing, neither clickbank nor anyone associated with clickbank, represents or warrants that the offerings or the content will be accurate, error-free, reliable, or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, that the offerings, the content, or the servers that make them available are free of viruses or other harmful components, or that the offerings or the content will otherwise meet your needs or expectations. 7.2 limitation of liability to the fullest extent permitted by law.in no event will clickbank or its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, or service providers be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive, or exemplary damages arising from or related to your use of or inability to use the offerings or the content, including, but not limited to, bodily injury or death, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business, loss of use, or loss of data, whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract, or otherwise, even if foreseeable. if, notwithstanding the provisions of this section 7.2, clickbank is found liable for any loss, damage, or injury under any legal theory relating in any way to the subject matter of these terms of use, in no event will clickbank’s aggregate liability to you or any third party exceed u.s. $500 or the amount you have paid us in the last twelve months. the foregoing limitations shall apply even if your remedies under these terms of use fail of their essential purpose. use of the offerings is at your sole risk. 7.3 exclusions.some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties or consequential damages, so some of the exclusions and/or limitations in this section 7 may not apply to you. 8. indemnification.you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold clickbank and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and service providers harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, awards, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or resulting from your use of the offerings and/or any content, or any violation of these terms of use or applicable law. we reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any action subject to indemnification by you, and in such event, you agree to cooperate with us in defending such action. your indemnification, defense, and hold harmless obligations will survive the termination of your use of the offerings and/or these terms of use. 9. third-party materials.the offerings may display, include, or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products, services and/or materials) or provide links to third-party websites or services (collectively, “third-party materials”). you acknowledge and agree that clickbank is not responsible for any third-party materials, including their accuracy, completeness, decency, legality, quality, timeliness, validity, or any other aspect thereof. clickbank does not assume and will not have any liability to you or any other person or entity for any third-party materials. third-party materials and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you, and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and are subject to such third-parties’ terms and conditions. 10. linking to the site.you may link to the site’s homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage or take advantage of our reputation, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part where none exists. you must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. the site must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of the site other than the homepage. you agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. we reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. 11. u.s. export controls.the offerings may be subject to united states export laws, including the united states export administration act and its associated regulations. you shall not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export, or release the offerings to, or make the offerings accessible from, any jurisdiction or country to which export, re-export, or release is prohibited by law, rule, or regulation. you shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and complete all required undertakings (including obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental approval), prior to exporting, re-exporting, releasing or otherwise making the application available outside the united states. 12. arbitration agreement.please read this section carefully. it affects your rights and impacts the way that you and we bring claims against each other and how those claims are decided. 12.1 dispute resolution.you and we agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of these terms of use or your use of the offerings and/or content will be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration through the american arbitration association, rather than in court. this agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted and includes any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and clickbank regarding any aspect of your relationship with us or any conduct or failure to act on our part, including claims based on breach of contract, tort (for example, a negligence claim), violation of law or any claims based on any other theory, and including those based on events that occurred prior to the date of this agreement, with the following exceptions: · any claim regarding the validity, protection or enforcement of a party’s intellectual property rights (such as its patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights, but not including its privacy or publicity rights) must be brought in court with jurisdiction; and· in the event this agreement to arbitrate is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any dispute or claim against us may be commenced only in a federal or state court located in boise, idaho, and we both consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in those courts for such purposes. we both also consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in those courts for purposes of any claim regarding the validity, protection or enforcement of a party’s intellectual property rights (excluding its privacy or publicity rights). you agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.· all challenges to the interpretation or enforceability of any provision of these terms of use, including questions of arbitrability, shall be brought before the arbitrator and the arbitrator shall rule on all questions regarding the interpretation and enforceability of these terms of use. this agreement to arbitrate is governed by the federal arbitration act, including its procedural provisions, in all respects. 12.2 prohibition of class actions and non-individualized relief.any arbitration will be conducted by the parties in their individual capacities only and not as a class action or other representative action. unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person's or party's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, class, or private attorney general action or proceeding. also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief, and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party's individual claim(s). 12.3 arbitration rules.the arbitration will be administered by the american arbitration association (“aaa”) and will be governed by aaa’s consumer arbitration rules (“aaa rules”), as modified by this agreement. the aaa rules may be accessed at www.adr.org or by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879. the arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity, and must enforce the same limitations stated in this agreement as a court would. the arbitrator will issue an award decision in writing but will not provide an explanation for the award unless you or clickbank requests one. the arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. any arbitration will be confidential. neither you, we, the aaa, nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content (including any oral or written submissions), or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by applicable law or for purposes of enforcing or challenging of the arbitration award. 12.4 demand for arbitration.a party who intends to arbitrate (“claimant”) must first send to the other party (“respondent”) a written notice, entitled “demand for arbitration” (“demand”). the demand must: (1) briefly explain the dispute; (2) provide the claimant’s name and address; the address of the claimant’s representative (if the claimant has one), and the respondent’s name and address (for clickbank, see below); (3) specify the amount of money in dispute, if applicable; (4) if the claimant is requesting an in-person hearing, identify the requested location for the hearing; and (5) include a statement of what the claimant wants. the claimant must send one copy of the demand to aaa at the same time the claimant sends it to the respondent. when sending a copy of the demand to aaa, the claimant must also include a copy of this arbitration agreement and any amendments to it (see section 12.7) and the then current filing fee required by the aaa. the demand must be sent to the aaa at the following address: american arbitration associationcase filing services1101 laurel oak road, suite 100voorhees, nj 08043 alternatively, the demand may be filed with the aaa online using: aaa webfile: https://www.adr.org. any demand to clickbank should be addressed to: [email protected] clickbank’s addresslegal departmentclickbank1444 s. entertainment ave, suite 410boise, id 83709 usa 12.5 filing, administration and arbitrator fees.payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa's rules, unless otherwise stated in this section 12. each party will bear its own fees in connection with the arbitration, including the expense of its own counsel, experts, witnesses, and preparation and presentation of evidence at any arbitration hearing. 12.6 opt-out procedure.if you do not wish to be bound by the arbitration provisions in this section 12, you must notify clickbank in writing within 30 days of the date that you accept this agreement for the first time. you may opt out by mailing a written notice to clickbank at the address set forth in subsection 12.4. your written notification to clickbank must include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number, as well as a clear statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with clickbank through arbitration. if you opt out of the arbitration provisions in this section 12, all other provisions of this agreement will continue to apply. 12.7 amendment to arbitration provisions.notwithstanding any provision in this agreement to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any amendment to the arbitration provisions in this section 12 in the future (other than an amendment to any notice address or site link provided herein), that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against clickbank prior to the effective date of the amendment. the amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and clickbank. we will notify you of amendments to the arbitration provisions of this section 12 by posting the amended terms on https://www.clickbank.com/ and/or by providing notice to you by email, at least 30 days before the effective date of the amendments. if you do not agree to the amended terms, you may immediately cease all use of the offerings, and you will not be bound by the amended terms. 13. miscellaneous.13.1 geographic restrictions.clickbank is based in the united states. we make no claims that the offerings or the content are accessible or appropriate outside of the united states. access to and use of the offerings may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. if you access the offerings from outside the united states, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. 13.2 governing law.these terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or related to these terms of use, their subject matter, or their formation (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of idaho, other than such laws and case law that would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the state of idaho. 13.3 limitation on time to file claims.any cause of action or claim you may have arising out of or relating to these terms of use or the offerings (including the content) must be commenced within six (6) months after the cause of action or claim accrues, otherwise, such cause of action or claim is permanently barred. 13.4 assignment.these terms of use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by clickbank without restriction. any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void. 13.5 feedback.any feedback, comments, ideas, improvements or suggestions (collectively, "suggestions") provided by you to clickbank with respect to the offerings shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the clickbank. clickbank shall be free to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the suggestions for any purpose and in any way without any credit or any compensation to you. 13.6 waiver and severability.our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms of use will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of these terms of use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent possible, and the remaining provisions of these terms of use will continue in full force and effect. 13.7 entire agreement.these terms of use, including our privacy notice, constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and clickbank with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede and replace all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. 14. questions.if you have any questions about the offerings or these terms of use, please contact us at: [email protected] 15. notice to california residents.if you are a california resident, in accordance with cal. civ. code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 north market blvd., suite n 112, sacramento, ca 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.related articlesapi contractclickbank client contractclickbank terms of saleclickbank physical product addendumclickbank seller and products requirements policydid this answer your question?😞😐😃clickbank support© 2025 clickbank. all rights reserved.