来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231205043419/https://www.americanfloormats.com/
================================================================================

logo mats, entrance mats, anti-fatigue mats, rubber mats | american floor mats | american floor matsfree shippingclick for detailsprice matchguaranteecontact support track my order 1-800-762-9010 e-mail us live chataccount login chataccountcart contact account cart 0search productslogo floor matsentrance mats / runnersanti-fatigue matscar matschair matsgym matskitchen matsgarage flooringlocker room / pool matsfloor runners, roll goodsrecessed matsbathroom & urinal matsclean room matswaterhog matssalon matsanti-static matsplayground rubber flooringpre-designed message matsall rubber mattingmodular / interlocking tilesgreen mats / recycled matsoversized, extra-large matsfloor protectionhome door matssports team floor matssocial distancing matscloseout / discount matsfloor mat accessoriessafety / maintenance suppliesstair treads all categories welcome to american floor matsamerican floor mats brings you 25 years of floor mat experience. we are proud to offer you the most comprehensive selection of high quality floor mats such as: custom floor mats and logo floor mats; entrance mats, door mats, and welcome mats; anti fatigue mats, anti static mats, rubber mats, gym mats, chair mats, kitchen mats, pool mats, sticky mats, safety mats, and bathroom mats. we welcome the opportunity to help you with any of your floor mat needs. please contact one of our floor mat specialists for immediate assistance. as always, walk well.logo floor mats custom door mats are the perfect way to promote your company's image. logo mats combine the benefits of a floor mat with an eye-catching design that can enhance branding and marketing efforts. american floor mats can help you find the best type of logo mat based on the complexity of your design and it's intended function. produced with commercial-grade materials and using state-of-the-art manufacturing technology, our logo floor rugs are made to last and offer amazing performance while still displaying an attractive image. for either indoor and outdoor locations, our logo entrance mats effectively promote your business. entrance mats / runners entrance mats and entrance rugs help reduce slips and falls. our broad selection of floor mats, entrance mats, door mats, and door rugs will ensure your floors remain safe and dry. we are pleased to offer you the most extensive selection of commercial matting and residential matting options including waterhog mats, rubber mats, vinyl mats, carpet mats, outdoor mats, and indoor mats. utilize any of our entrance mats in locations needing protection against slips and falls, lower maintenance costs, and added décor. anti-fatigue mats anti-fatigue mats, research shows, make a more comfortable worker, which makes a more productive worker with fewer injuries and increased productivity! anti-fatigue comfort mats are essential where workers stand to help ease leg, foot, and lower back fatigue and pain. use anti fatigue mats in any commercial, industrial, office, retail or laboratory / pharmaceutical environment. our anti-fatigue mats come in a variety of styles and thicknesses to meet your needs and budget. car mats we carry the largest variety of car floor mats with over 5000 custom-fit patterns for front, rear, 3rd seat and cargo areas for cars, trucks, vans and suvs manufactured since the mid 1970’s. our custom car mats are available in clear vinyl, 2 types of heavy-duty rubber and 4 types of nylon carpet finishes. all of our custom car mats offer excellent wear characteristics and durability. specially dyed carpet colors match or complement all oem interiors. a heavy-duty backing insulates these custom floor mats against heat and noise and helps to keep these custom car floor mats in place. no universal fit car mats here - each of our custom cut car mats is specifically design to fit the year, make and model of your vehicle and will never require cutting. chair mats chair mats provide both comfort and floor protection. facilitate chair movement and protect the underlying floor with our high quality desk chairmats. our office chair mats and desk mats come in a variety of sizes, shapes and styles to fit your particular needs. choose from chair mats made for both hard surfaces and carpeted surfaces as well as mats with clear and wood finishes in a variety of shapes and sizes. gym mats gym mats add comfort, safety, and appeal to exercise areas. our selection of gym mats include single rubber mats for isolated areas such as weight lifting mats and exercise machine mats, or rubber mat rolls covering larger areas, or even interlocking rubber mats going wall-to-wall. whatever the particular need we have the gym mat solution.kitchen mats kitchen mats keep busy kitchen and food preparation areas safe. use our kitchen mats for isolated areas or interlocking rubber tiles to mat larger areas. kitchen mats are dense rubber mats that provide for fatigue relief, comfort, and proper water drainage. keep your walking areas safe from grease, moisture, and food with our wide selection of kitchen mats and rubber mats. garage flooring garage flooring adds the perfect finished look to any garage. from vinyl roll-out flooring to floor tiles, we carry the right garage floor covering for you. our easy to install garage flooring will bring you years of great benefits. protect your concrete garage floors by covering them with one of our great garage floor covering options. clean off oil, water, dirt and debris easily when you use one of our many available options. we carry a full line of peel and stick garage tiles, interlocking garage tiles, roll-out garage flooring, and individual garage mats. locker room / pool mats locker room mats and pool mats are high quality drainage mats essential in keeping wet areas dry. shower, locker room, and pool areas usually have high traffic and wet floors which is a recipe for slips and falls. use locker room mats in changing areas, and shower mats in stalls and sink areas. use pool mats around indoor and outdoor pools where water frequently accumulates. keep water flowing through these safety mats and keep walking surfaces safe.floor runners, roll goods our vinyl mats and rubber mats are available in rolls from 1 foot up to 150 feet long. rubber roll mats and vinyl roll matting are ideal when safety, extra traction and direction matting are required. runner mats are often used in aisle ways, warehouses, plant facilities, vending areas and horse stables to name a few locations. as always, most of our runner roll matting contains between 33% and 100% recycled content. recessed mats we carry a extensive selection of recessed mats and inlaid matting products. recessed matting is “laid into” the ground making it flush with the surrounding floor. a great first line of defense, recessed mats trap dirt, debris, and moisture before it can be tracked inside. whether you need to fill in a recess with a new mat or want to replace a warn-out recess mat, we have all the right options for you. recessed matting options include super berber mats, cocoa mats, modular mat tiles, roll goods and metal grille mats. please call our floor mat specialists for assistance. bathroom & urinal mats bathroom mats, including urinal mats and toilet mats and sink mats, keep restroom facilities dry, clean and looking professional. these bathroom mats are treated with an anti-microbial agent to control odor causing bacteria. the water dam borders trap liquids, keeping floors dry and sanitary, while their raised surface keeps shoes dry. urinal mats and toilet mats feature a heavy duty rubber backing that keeps them in place while the attractive borders and rounded corners give them an upscale appearance. the non-disposable urinal mats, toilet mats, and sink mats are all fully launderable. eliminate the need to constantly check and mop restroom areas! clean room mats clean room mats include a variety of mats to help keep sterile environments free from impurities that could otherwise contaminate the area. clean room sticky mats feature a tacky surface which pulls dirt and debris off shoe soles before they can contaminate a "clean room". carpeted clean room mats remove large dirt and dust particles before actually stepping onto the tacky portion of the mat. anti-microbial mats have an anti-bacterial agent embedded in the mat's surface and backing. the sanitizing foot bath mats scrape and disinfect often used in food processing plants. sterile room anti-fatigue mats are autoclavable and are ideal for hospital and laboratory use.waterhog mats the waterhog floor mat, affectionately known as the waterhog, is one of the industry’s most well known and widely used entrance floor mats. the waterhog mat's revolutionary design and construction has made this rug popular not only for commercial applications, but for personal home use as well. over the years, a number of different styles and extensions have been added to the waterhog floor mat line and are all contained in this section. salon mats salon comfort mats, research shows, make a more comfortable worker, which makes a more productive worker with fewer injuries and increased productivity! barber mats and beauty salon anti-fatigue comfort mats are essential where workers stand to help ease leg, foot, and lower back fatigue and pain. use salon anti fatigue mats and shampoo rugs in any environment regardless of chemicals, dyes, or other fluids. our salon floor mats come in a variety of styles, sizes, colors and thicknesses to meet your needs and budget. anti-static mats non-conductive (switchboard) mats insulate workers, protecting them from deadly shocks generated by high voltage equipment. conductive mats are designed to protect sensitive equipment by quickly drawing the static off workers before they touch susceptible chemicals or apparatus. we offer both electrically conductive and static dissipative mats. the difference between the two is that conductive mats disperse the static electricity quicker than static dissipative and thus should be used around the most sensitive equipment. playground rubber flooring rubber playground flooring consists of rubber playground tiles and rubber mulch and is used around slides, swings and other playground equipment to help protect children from fall injuries. playground flooring also helps visually enhance any indoor or outdoor play space and makes playgrounds more fun for kids by adding attractive colors and design. depending on the type of rubber playground flooring selected, fall height protection can range up to 17' high. also, all playground flooring is fallsafe certified and meets or exceeds a variety of standards including cpsc, astmf1292, ada, cpsc and epa. regardless of the type of rubber chosen, all are easy to install, maintain and replace should it be needed. pre-designed message mats pre-designed mats are commercial-grade floor mats that display pre-printed designs in an array of patterns, colors and materials. these mats offer a simple, economical option to custom designed logo mats. safety message mats all rubber mats that alert works to dangerous conditions and important information. welcome mats invite guests and customers inside with an eye-pleasingly simple design. holiday door mats highlight the cheer and joy associated with any holiday or season. all rubber matting all rubber matting is comprised of all types of mats, entrance mats, runner mats, anti-fatigue mats, gym mats... all pure rubber. our commercial-grade rubber mats are made to withstand the most extreme environments, whether it be rubber door mats exposed to snow and sun outdoors, rubber comfort mats covered with cutting fluids in industrial locations, rubber kitchen mats caked with grease and oils in restaurant kitchens or rubber gym mats taking abuse from heavy weights and equipment in fitness facilities. our rubber message mats help highlight important safety information. the rubber clean area mats prevent contaminants from entering sterile facilities. modular / interlocking tiles interlocking mats and tiles, also known as modular mats, provide easy setup, take-up and reconfiguration of numerous matting products. interlocking tiles resemble jigsaw puzzle pieces and fit together seamlessly. modular matting is ideal for temporary fitness flooring, trade show booths and construction related jobs, among others. green mats / recycled mats recycled floor mats can act as the first line of defense in every green building, helping to prevent contaminants from entering the premises and concurrently earning leed credits, ultimately helping the environment and sustaining earth's future. the u.s. green building council has developed a rating system for new and existing buildings to encourage building owners to earn credit for meeting certain housekeeping criteria. there are four things an entrance mat should do: (1) stop soil and water; (2) store soil and water for removal at a convenient time; (3) minimize tracking of stored soil and water into the building & (4) provide a safe surface for traffic. oversized, extra-large mats oversized mats and extra long runner mats consist of heavy-duty, commercial-grade entrance mats that are available in widths and lengths above and beyond standard size door mats. these extra large mats can be produced up to 13' 2" wide and up to lengths of at least 80'. our oversized matting products are ideal for large entrances, expansive lobbies and long corridors where a regular sized door mat would not suffice. floor protection floor protection is compromised of hard surface and carpet protection film, plastic chair mats, vinyl floor protection runners and sticky mats - all which help protect the floor from deterioration, dirt, damage and debris. plastic floor protectors are an effective and efficient way to cover existing floors without having to remove what's currently in place. these floor protection products are designed to protect both carpet and hard floor surfaces from carts, chairs, dollies, stools, dirt and debris. home door mats our home door mats offer a softer, stylish design for residential locations. these coco door mats and rubber door mats come in a wide variety of styles, thicknesses and sizes to fit perfectly in front of any residential front door, back door and garage door. home door mats fit virtually any decor. sports team floor mats my team collection from milliken features sports rugs for all the major north american sports in a variety of sizes, including oversized rugs and runners. precision machine tufted with stainmaster nylon and printed on a high resolution chromojet fabric printer, these rugs are versatile, vibrant and light. available in multiple sizes to fit any room and setting. all rugs come with a standard 2 year warranty. social distancing mats social distancing floor mats are a great way to help keep people safe and prevent disease transmission. these social distancing mats alert everyone as to where to stand whether it's a line at a pharmacy, a grocery store, a retail store checkout, a pick-up queue or just about anywhere else that individuals could congregate. repositionable mats are great for non-linear queues and areas where people must stand could change from time to time or location to location. keep your distance runner mats physically mark where people stand to ensure that a safe physical distance is maintained. hand sanitizer mats kindly ask that people be proactive in maintaining health while in your facility. wash your hands floor mats gently remind employees and patrons alike to keep their hands clean and germ free. closeout / discount mats clearance mats that include over runs, unused / unopen inventory and seconds. these close-out floor mats are deeply discounted to sell immediately. these are our best price mats - quantities are limited. please check back frequently as these lowest priced mats change often! floor mat accessories floor mat accessories complement our extensive floor mat collection. these mat accessories include the more ubiquitous floor mat grip tapes, anti-slip tapes and wet umbrella bag stands as well as the more arcane items including mud chuckers, heated snow mats, mat racks and absorbent mats. safety / maintenance supplies safety and maintenance supplies compromise all the accessory products to help keep areas clean, protected and running smoothly. from purell hand sanitizers, disinfectants, soaps and wipes to social distancing floor mats and runners to alerts employees and customers to keep physical distance, safety & maintenance supplies has you covered. stair treads stair treads act as step coverings, improving traction and enhancing slip-resistance on top of stairs. although critical for wet, slippery, and worn stairwells, stair treads are an easy-to-install safety component for both commercial and residential stairways. stair treads are available in vinyl, rubber and metal compositions with a variety of patterns and colors to fit any space and decor. accompanying risers and tiles help finish off any stairwell. product quick view test×contact uswe encourage you to contact us for any reason. call 1-800-762-9010 email chat track my order×price match guarantee!we'll match any price or give you 110% of the difference. we want to earn your business. that is why we are committed to delivering mats at the lowest possible cost to our customers. if you happen to find a lower total cost (inclusive of shipping, fees, tax, etc.) american floor mats will give you 110% of the difference.to request a price match, please email or call. e-mail 800-762-9010price guarantee terms & conditionsthe product must be identical.we must be able to confirm the lower price.you must notify us of the request either before the order is placed or within 3 days from purchase date.does not apply to seconds, closeouts, restocks, special promotions, coupons, or membership/auction sites.we reserve the final right to best determine product eligibility.×free shipping!free shipping on all floor mat orders! this promotion is for free ups ground shipping within the continental united states only. offer excludes alaska, hawaii, and us territories. orders under $100 will incur a $14.95 shipping and handling fee.select rubber gym flooring excluded. click here for details.rubber roll mattingfit-lock rubber tilesrubber roll mats: quick-ship1/2" thick rubber roll matting1/4" thick rubber roll mattinglocktough rubber gym tilesrubber gym mats - roll mattingrubber gym matting - square tilesrubber playground tilesextreme rubber gym tilespower-lock rubber tilesbounceback rubber tilessport rubber tiles8mm rubber roll mattingregrind rubber roll mattingrubber underlayment5mm thick rubber roll matting: solid colorsperformance-lock rubber tiles15mm rubber roll mattingrec-lok rubber gym tilessolidplay rubber playground flooring tilesvividplay rubber playground flooring tilesartificial turf flooring rollsartificial turf flooring rolls - premiumextreme turf tilesrecplay rubber playground tilesrebound woodgrain rubber court flooring10%off×unlock10% offyour order when you subscriberedeemwe never share your email. unsubscribe any time. 10% off your next purchase when you are a new subscriber.no thanks, continue without saving...homeaboutcontacteducationpurchase orders copyright © 2023 | all rights reserved |site map | terms | privacy leave a message leave a message ×