来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090731223112/http://turtlebeach.com/community.aspx
================================================================================

turtle beach community news hardware products audio advantage amigo audio advantage micro audio advantage srm ear force ak-r8 ear force d2 ear force hpx - new ear force hpa2 ear force spc ear force w3 ear force x-52 ear force x1 ear force px1 - new ear force x3 ear force x4 montego ddl riviera software products musicwrite maestro musicwrite songwriter musicwrite starter kit usb midi cable quick help support knowledge base artwork accessories replacement parts cables music reference guides instructional videos subscribe •  rss feed • • • • • • • • call of duty 4 top ranking goes to envyus! it's official: dynasty envyus is the #1 ranked call of duty 4 team on the continent.  after winning the mlg pro circuit #3 and following that up with an undefeated run through the brag game rights tourney, envyus solidified themselves as the team to beat. on sunday, october 19th, the finals of the mlg pro circiut #3 saw two titans of the cod4 world go head-to-head--as dynasty envyus took on top rival, team fear.  in a closely contested series that saw each team land serious haymakers, they finally ended up dead even at 5-5 heading into the final map--strike sabatoge.  fear started out strong with a quick bomb plant in the first round, which forced envyus back against the wall.  however, showing the true test of a champion, the guys from dynasty pulled out a last minute overtime shocker to even the score at 1-1.  for the next quarter hour, the lead swayed back and forth until finally, in the 15th minute, envyus finished the last and final bomb plant to become circuit champions. wanting to prove to the world that their victory in the pro circuit was no fluke, dynasty envyus went on to cruise through the $2500 brag game rights tournament this weekend without dropping a single round.  (oct 25-26).  with that extra cash in their pocket, the guys are gearing up for the mlg national championships in las vegas on november 22-23 where a total of $14,000 in cash prizes are up for grabs just in the cod4 tourney alone! dynasty envyus uses the turtle beach earforce x1 gaming headset! mlg dallas wrap up! dallas, texas 10/03/08 - 10/05/08 -  sponsored turtle beach teams made an impact in mlg dallas this weekend in all three console divisions. on the gears of war side, dynasty retaliation caused quite a stir by blasting away all of the competition in the open bracket with little difficulty.  dynasty made it all the way to the championship match against #1-seeded infinity before their impressive run was halted in a controversial finish.  going into mlg's national championships in las vegas next month, dynasty retaliation has put themselves in an excellent position to make a run at some serious money. the rainbow 6 vegas 2 tourney had an interesting twist because the two turtle beach squads, mob lost cause and mob rage, were ranked as two of the top teams.  unfortunately, they had to settle for a 2nd and 3rd place finish--leaving both hungry for more in las vegas.  both mob teams along with dynasty lanslaughter (6th place) will be gunning for an improvement in las vegas. over in the halo 3 tourney, ambush was once again able to crack the top 4 with their 4th-place finish.  the budding rivalry between ambush and eventual dallas champion, triggers down, rose to the surface yet again as the two squads faced off in two closely-fought series.  even though triggers down won both matches, ambush was able to at least able to build some momentum afterwards in anticipation of a future possible matchup in las vegas.  #8-seeded antigravity just missed the las vagas cut as they finished 9th in dallas. click here for more on the weekend events at mlg dallas! turtle beach gamers set to game versus the world as team usa! los angeles, california 10/03/08 - 10/05/08 -  at the world cyber games' national finals which took place this past weekend, mob gaming's red stone pro and halo 3 team each finished in 1st place--guaranteeing them a spot on team usa's roster for the grand finals in cologne, germany next month. mob business, the current mob halo 3 squad, swept through the competition at the national finals with little difficulty.  being crowned as team usa is an honor for any competitive gamer, so the dominating performance by mob business proved that they're not only ready to take on the best that the rest of the world has to offer.  congrats to legendjrg, mimic, nai, and scrubtwista! in red stone, mob's lone entrant ended up being all that was needed, as jon "skootz" lunceford managed his way through several close matchups with the utmost skill and tenacity.  unfortunately, skootz will be representing mob gaming and turtle beach as the lone pc gamer on team usa due to mob's counter-strike squad, and age of empires and carom 3d gamers all fell short in their respective games. team foxy shows off their stuff at mlg dallas! dallas, texas 10/03/08 - 10/05/08 -  the new turtle beach female gamers from team foxy finished as the highest-placing all-girls team in the mlg dallas halo 3 tourney.  the end of the mlg circuit brought high hopes to the girls' bright futures as they look forward for the 2009 season.  team foxy was also putting the new turtle beach competition-level headphones to the test so as to sharpen their slaying and objective play while they moved up the halo 3 open bracket ranks.  the competitive side of girl gaming is growing more and more each day, so the success of team foxy will hopefully lead to a higher number of all-female squads in next year's circuit. click here for more on the weekend events at mlg dallas! turtle beach at sfx360 gow tourney! ft. lauderdale, florida 10/04/08 -  what better way to bid farewell to gears of war than to hold one last lan tourney on the eve of the gears of war 2 release?  that's exactly what sfx360.com did this weekend down in sunny (or rainy?) ft. lauderdale.  when the dust settled and all locusts disposed of, team rapin' & scrapin' held the virtual 1st-place trophies--turtle beach headphones and gear, gow 2 goodies, and cold hard cash. what will sfx360 have in store for gears of war 2?  we'll just have to see--but their send-off to the original gears score was as classy as it gets.  thanks again for reppin' turtle beach to the fullest! team turtle beach down in mlg dallas! dallas, texas 10/03/08 - 10/05/08 -  this weekend, turtle beach will be represented by a whopping 13 teams at mlg's dallas event.  in the pro playoffs, high hopes rest on the shoulders of teams such as ambush in the halo 3 division, dynasty retaliation in gears of war, and two top-level rainbow 6 vegas 2 squads--mob rage and mob lost cause.  mlg dallas will also mark the first time and turtle beach has signed on female teams as well--such as team foxy and katy perry, who will both be competing in the halo 3 open bracket. stay tuned for all of the weekend's events on mlg pro! project x gaming reps at german meegaa lan! stuttgart, germany 9/27/08 - 9/28/08 -  the last weekend of september played host to the largest console-based lan event in all of germany--and team turtle beach was there in force in the form of project x gaming.  the skilled gamers from project x made quite the impact with numerous top finishes--including 1st place in 4v4 gears of war, 2v2 call of duty 4, and 2nd place in 4v4 call of duty 4. all 10 project x gamers were outfitted with turtle beach earforce x1's--which proved essential in keeping their focus on the game and nowhere else.  the meegaa lan organizers even had earforce x1's provided at every station on the main stage so that all finalists would be on an even playing field. props to the whole project x crew and also lime uk for keeping turtle beach represented overseas with gamers who make us proud! click here for the post-event write-up on lime uk! mob gaming cs 1.6: cevo-p season 9 champs! 9/27/08 - 9/28/08 - after three grueling months of head-to-head cs 1.6 play on the highest level, the cevo pro playoffs took place this weekend with the top seeds all gunning for #1 bragging rights.  in the end, mob gaming stood alone after dominating the legendary la complexity in the grand finals, 16-12 and 16-2. truth be told, this was not an easy run for the mob squad.  right off the bad in round 1, they were sent to the loser's bracket by long-time nemesis, eg, in a 7-overtime thriller.  back on their heels, mob then embarked on a winning spree for the ages--putting the smackdown on x3o, eg (in a rematch), paragon of virtue, and then finally two over complexity to seal the deal and snag the $5000 1st place prize pot. congrats to all the guys on yet another great performance: striker, perez, evolution, lim, and thomz.  keep up the great work! click here to see the bracket breakdown on gotfrag. mob gaming's counter-strike pro's use the earforce x1 and earforce x-52 gaming headsets both online and on lan. gotfrag revival tour #3 sees mob finish #2! 9/20/08 - 9/21/08 - over this weekend, the north american counter-strike 1.6 world saw a flurry of action in gotfrag's revival tour #3.  at the end of the winner's bracket, only mob gaming stood alone as the only undefeated team remaining.  however, a determined eg.usa squad took the fight right to mob after conquering in the loser's bracket championship against 50 calibre.  in the end, eg prevailed after two hard-fought matches to take home top honors. prior to the tournament, mob gaming and eg.usa completed the first ever "official" player transaction in north american counter-strike 1.6 history.  after having only a couple of short weeks to integrate new teammates scott "evolution" cavallero and matt "lim" beahan into the starting lineup, mob's counter-strike pros not only proved that their hard work and dedication has come a long way in a very short time--but also that they are still a serious force to be reckoned with.  behind the leadership of mob godfath3r, expectations are sky high for upcoming tournaments, such as the world cyber games us championships and the esl extreme masters iii. mob gaming's counter-strike team uses the turtle beach earforce x-52 gaming headphones.  congrats to all the guys on yet another great performance: noah "striker" alvarado, joe "perez" perez, ryan "phamtastik" pham, scott "evolution" cavallero, and matt "lim" beahan. click here to check out the bracket breakdown on gotfrag. turtle beach hooks up with zap lan & gaming! mississagua, ontario 8/31/08 - at zap lan & gaming 's counter strike: source "rematch" tournament, turtle beach added to the cash & prizes for the winning teams who got the chance to shoot for the overflowing prize pot.  with tight competition at every corner, the cs:s gamers fought it out all day long until there was only one team remaining--elite gaming.  the guys from elite overcame some nail-biting comebacks to finally take down bad bandits in the championship match.  among the other cash and prizes, elite gaming got to take home the turtle beach earforce x1 gaming heaphones to help raise their game play for the next zap lan tournament! turtle beach promo cod4 team placed 3rd at down syndrome charity event! kansas city, ks 8/24/08 - at this past weekend's "first downs for down syndrome" charity lan event, a promo squad from team envyus put on a great showing in finishing 3rd overall in the call of duty 4 tournament.  congrats to badkarma and spanky and thanks for turtle beach to the fullest! the "first downs for down syndrome" event was promoted by myegamer.com under their gaming for charity initiative--which benefits worthy causes such as research for down syndrome.  envyus, one of turtle beach's top gaming clans, is currently ranked #1 out of 119 teams in the call of duty 4 gamebattles pro circuit ladder #3.  now that envyus is equipped with earforce x1 gaming headphones, they're at the top of their game--and only improving more and more each day now that they have flawless communication to go along with their top-notch play style.  envyus ftw! earforce x1 picked as choice call of duty 4 headset! seattle, wa 8/17/08 -  turtle beach supplied earforce x1 gaming headsets to the cod4: clan wars lan which took place at the war room in seattle, washington this past weekend. the 64-team 3v3 event pitted the best of seattle's call of duty 4 gamers in a double elimination format for cash and prizes supplied by turtle beach, red bull, and the war room.  the stiff competition labored on throughout the day, but in the end, team domepiece took home 1st place honors.  congrats to unknown, st3alth, and c0ldasice on the win! gotfrag koth: mob seals the deal! 8/13/08 -  last night in the final match of their king of the hill run, #1-ranked mob gaming made quick work of an outmatched 50-cal team and reserved their spot in the got frag hall of kings. donning their turtle beach earforce x-52 headsets, mob's cs 1.6 pro's knew going into the match against 50-cal that all eyes were on them - not to mention the targets on their virtual backs - to live up to the hype of their #1 overall rank.  fortunately for mob, they let their skills do the talking during the 2-0 thrashing they dished out.  now, mob awaits the eventual face-to-face lan showdown against other squads in the hall of kings, which includes long-time rivals eg.usa and x3o. once again, major props from turtle beach go to mob's hostile, pham, perez, dborn, & thomz! click here for the gotfrag write-up team mob deep wins cygamz lan and wcg qualifier! ypsilanti, mi 8/11/08 -  with the help of their turtle beach earforce x-52 headsets, mob gaming's call of duty 4 pc professionals went undefeated at the cygamz lan this weekend--taking home cash and prizes for their 1st place finish.  big shout-out from turtle beach to all the guys: chimpae, $p3c, sintax, zondo and theimpaler! dallas, tx 8/11/08 -  the newly-acquired mobdeep halo 3 squad ran away with the world cyber games regional qualifier this weekend.  the team has secured a spot at the wcg usa finals which will be taking place on october 3-5 at the e for all expo in los angeles.  there, mob deep will have the chance to fight their way to a $10,000 cash prize and the right to represent their country as team usa for wcg's global finals in cologne, germany!  congrats to mimic, scrubtwista, helluva and nai on repping mob gaming, turtle beach, and 180 to the fullest! turtle beach at sfx360 anniversary event! ft. lauderdale, fl 7/26/08 -  south florida xbox 360 gamers--or otherwise known as "sfx360"--celebrated their 1-year anniversary in as much style as any gamer could possibly hope for--with a little halo 3, gears of war, and call of duty 4, of course!  turtle beach was invited to take part in the festivities--and provided earforce x1 and earforce x3 headsets to the prize pool.  in all, it was a highly successful event--a great turnout, stiff competition, and an all-around good time! view the full sfx360 gallery here mob gaming claims #1 ranking in counter strike 1.6? rockville, md 7/19/08 - 7/20/08 - at x3o's dust-off championship qualifier this weekend, mob gaming steamrolled the competition while claiming top honors, cash, and prizes.  in the grand finals, mob squared off against eg.usa--the previously #1 ranked cs1.6 squad on the continent.  after the 16-8 drubbing where mob proved victorious, the question now is, "who's #1 overall?"  it seems as if mob has overtaken their long-time foe, but then again, there's also x3o themselves who are also in the mix.  between mob, eg, x3o themselves, the rest of this season's events are really starting to gain some serious hype. as for the dust-off qualifier this weekend, mob met a determined focal gaming team in round 2.  formerly known as iplay, the newly-renamed focal squad nearly sent mob to fight their way out of the loser's bracket, but the champs eventually squeaked by in a 25-23 triple overtime nailbiter.  being that focal knocked eg into the loser's bracket in round 1, mob knew they were going to have their hands full with this fiesty team--but they certainly got more than was anticipated.  in the end though, mob prevailed and proceeded to mow down everyone else until there were none left to fight--with the help of their earforce x-52 gaming headsets, of course! once again, turtle beach would like to extend congratulations to mob gaming's counter strike pro's: thomz, hostile, perez, striker, and sam. read up on gotfrag's coverage of the event! extremetech.com review of earforce x4 headphones! "it's magnificent...","the ear force x4 is a study in brilliant audio...", "...ideal for xbox gamers who don't already have a surround sound solution..."  the praises are high in extremetech.com's review of our newly-introduced earforce x4 xbox 360 headphones.  we already know that the earforce x4 is the best set of headphones available for xbox 360 gamers--and now the pro's at extremetech.com are believers too! read the full article here mlg orlando results for turtle beach squads orlando, fl 7/11/08 - 7/13/08 - turtle beach was represented in every competition this past weekend in mlg's third pro circuit event of the year.  here's how the teams did: halo 3 - ambush (4th place), believe the hype (10th place) rainbow six: vegas 2 - mob rage (5th place), [d]efiance (7th place) world of warcraft - mob shadowplay (8th place) gears of war - mob 180 (6th place) halo 3 world in awe of ambush at mlg orlando! orlando, fl 7/12/08 - in the ultimate "you'll never believe this" story at mlg's pro circuit event in orlando this weekend, one of turtle beach's halo 3 teams, ambush, toppled previous #1 seed str8 rippin in an epic 5-game series in round 3 of the winner's bracket. after impressive early round wins over ability and fatal images, ambush was paired with str8 rippin for the right to advance to the winner's bracket semi-finals.  nearly everyone in the building expected ambush to have a chance against the defending champs, but turtle beach's newest halo 3 squad managed to hold off a constant str8 rippin barrage and miraculously evened the series at 2-2 going into a deciding game--pit slayer.  though ambush fell behind early, they managed to stay within striking distance--and with the score at 37-47 in favor of str8 rippin, team captain mudvayne had his squad regroup for an organized push into the enemy's territory.  str8 rippin, knowing that victory was within their grasp, surprisingly halted their normal blitzkrieg-type attack and simply sat back to wait for ambush to fall into their clutches.  fortunately for ambush, this was the breath fof fresh air that they were waiting for--and mounted the comeback of the ages in chalking up 13 of the next 14 kills en route to a 50-47 victory to close out the series in front of a packed house of shocked onlookers.  once the final kill was recorded, the entire event hall exploded in jubilation. congrats to the entire ambush squad: mudvayne, igoturpistola, nexus, and heinz.  good luck in the rest of the event!  next up is instinct in the winner's bracket semi-finals. read about ambush's win over str8 rippin here turtle beach gaming teams heading to mlg orlando! orlando, fl 7/11/08 - 7/13/08 - this upcoming weekend, six turtle beach gaming teams will be competing in mlg's third pro circuit event of the year.  the three-day tournament will also feature gears of war as the fourth game--which was recently been added by mlg right after their san deigo event. on behalf of turtle beach, mob gaming will once again be represented in the rainbow six: vegas 2 brackets by mob rage--who were not only victorious in the gamestop $10,000 gamestop online tourny, but also mlg san diego.  mob godfath3r expects yet another headline from the #1-ranked rage boys down in orlando!  mob gaming will also have a presence in the halo 3, world of warcraft, and gears of war competition. speaking of halo 3, turtle beach is extremely excited to see if #6-ranked believe the hype can live up to their mlg san diego performance where they bested previously #1-seeded final boss.  backing up believe the hype will be newly-acquired ambush, who is the 9th-seeded pro teams in the circuit.  both halo 3 squads are looking to make serious noise in the newly re-shuffled pro division. rounding out the turtle beach gaming roster will be the 7th-seeded rainbow six: vegas 2 squad, [d]efiance.  after a recent roster change, [d]efiance is looking to improve upon their already impressive finish at mlg san diego.  mob gaming is also sending mob shadowplay (wow) and mob 180 (gears of war). mob gaming endures heavy competion in cevo call of duty 4 ocz showdown! 6/29/08 - it was almost six weeks ago that mob gaming and 54 other call of duty 4 teams began cevo's ocz online tournament.  in the end, the mob guys finished off in 2nd place after only being bested by evil geniuses in the championship match by a count of 13-8.  in early rounds, mob steamrolled the competition, but had to fight through some very tough matches against the likes of x3o and nexus in the grand championship bracket. mob deep also competed in this tournament and finished in a highly respectful top-10 ranking.  now that the deep boys have fought through the completion and are considered among the top in the game, we're excited to see how they further this position in the next tournament! the entire roster of mob gaming's call of duty profesionals use turtle beach earforce x-52 gaming headsets! iplay overcomes the odds at x3o dust-off qualifier! rockville, md 6/28/08 - 6/29/08 - going into the x3o dust-off championship qualifier as the #3 overall seed, iplay placed 4th with a makeshift roster which included two substitutes filling in for the team's regular starters.  the strong organizational play of team captain, projekt, kept the squad together well enough to make it to the lower bracket semi-finals, where they finally bowed out of the competition with a tough loss to 50-cal. starting off with their very first match of the tournament, iplay was pitted against eventual winner, eg.usa.  after being sent to the loser's bracket with a 16-9 loss, iplay pulled together and battled through until being finally knocked out by a hungry 50-cal squad.  the iplay boys went home disappointed at their misfortunes, but even hungrier for their next competition--with their full starting lineup. view the brackets here. turtle beach sponsored counter strike 1.6 squad overcomes the odds in cevo ocz online tourny! 6/19/08 - mob gaming's counter strike 1.6 squad steamrolled the competition in cevo's ocz 1.6 online tournament.  the opening rounds of this event started at the end of may and finally finished up last week in a grand finals match between mob gaming and sway gaming.  unfortunately for sway, they ran up against the hottest team in the counter strike 1.6 world and got squashed 16-4.  mob gaming once again proved why they deserve to be recognized as one of the top few teams in the game.  their most noteworthy victory of the tournament was against long-time nemesis, x3o--a match of titans in which mob prevailed by a 16-9 count. click here to view the tournament brackets. mob gaming's counter strike players--thomz, hostile, perez, striker, and sam-- all use turtle beach earforce x-52 gaming headsets! mexico gets first-hand look at the best of guitar hero and age of empires! monterrey, mexico 6/19/08 - 6/21/08 - at the world cyber games' pan american games in monterrey, mexico, mob gaming's david "wulfe" briers and raghave "raghave" phadke each showed how true champions perform under the pressure of international competition.  briers, recognized as one of the top couple of guitar hero gods in the universe, put down all that tried to stand in his way.  phadke had some serious competition in the age of empires: asian dynasties tourny, but when the dust settled, he too was tops in his game.  turtle beach is was extremely happy to outfit phadke with a earforce x-52 gaming headset after recently being signed by mob gaming. stay tuned for more wulfe and raghave updates as they continue to perform with the best that the world has to offer! mob rage #1 pro rainbow six vegas 2 team! san diego, ca 6/15/08 - donning their turtle beach x1 headsets, mob rage stepped into the spotlight and took on the best-of-the-best in 4v4 rainbow six vegas 2 en route to a 1st place finish at mlg san diego.  in taking home the $4000 first place prize purse, mob rage once again proved that they are not only the best in the game, but the team to beat at the upcoming mlg orlando as well. mob rage plowed through the winner's bracket with ease and met up with their stiffest competition of the tournament in the grand finals when they were matched up against lost cause.  these two teams had met up earlier in the tournament--a match in which mob rage sent lost cause to the loser's bracket to fight for their lives.  lost cause not only showed the persistance of a champion, but gave mob a serious scare when they won the first three maps of the match.  after regrouping and formulating a new strategy, the mob guys extinguished lost cause's fiery drive and eventually prevailed to win the championship. turtle beach would not only like to congratulate the mob rage players once again on an impressive win--but also thank them all for representing us like the true professionals that they are.  shout-outs to the entire roster: compact killer, rogue, crysis, zer0 bc, and coach dolla bill. believe the hype shocks the world against final boss! san diego, ca 6/15/08 - when on the subject of professional halo 3 teams, there isn't a single serious gamer out there who wouldn't recognize names such as final boss, str8 rippin, classic, instinct, etc.  at mlg san diego, the team that ended up on everyone's radar before the weekend was over was believe the hype--one of the newest teams on turtle beach's gaming roster. after notching consecutive wins in early rounds, believe the hype ended up in the quarter finals against none other than the #1 ranked halo 3 team in the world, final boss.  this is the same final boss that has never finished lower than 2nd place in a tournament and has been considered to be on a totally separate level than the rest of the halo 3 gaming world.  most teams would fold under the spectre of going up against final boss, but believe the hype certainly did not let the pressure get to them--and ended up playing the game of their life simply because they felt that they had absolutely nothing to lose.  believe the hype had turned heads in the previous round--a victory over fatal images--but nobody expected the result that was to come against final boss.  when the dust settled, believe the hype not only won, but it turned out to be a 3-0 smackdown of the defending halo 3 champs! in the semi finals, it surely didn't get any easier because they faced off against eventual mlg san diego champ, str8 rippin.  after a tough battle, believe the hype simply could not overcome a determined str8 rippin squad, and ended up being sent to the loser's bracket after with the loss.  it was a crushing defeat to the cinderella team of mlg san diego, but they had to quickly regroup because next up was perrenial powerhouse, carbon.  in the end, believe the hype's hot streak ran out and they finally settled in an extremely respectable 6th place finish.  taking home that $2800 prize purse was a position that hundreds of other halo 3 teams would have loved to be in, but believe the hype will be looking for an even better result at their next event. guitar hero headed to mexico after impressive showing in nyc! new york, ny 6/01/08 - for those who managed to catch a glimpse of david 'wulfe' briers' performances this weekend at the world cyber games (wcg) us open, the show that he put on was nothing less than awe-inspiring--even for those who have never even played guitar hero before!  wulfe impressed the crowd so much that it enticed spike tv and xbox.com to shoot exclusive features on him that will air later this year to viewers worldwide!  aside from the media coverage, wulfe scored cash and prizes while also gaining an automatic invitation to the wcg usa national championship that will take place later this year. david will be representing turtle beach and mob gaming in monterrey, mexico at the pan american championships from june 20th through to the 22nd.  we're going to keep a close eye on this guitar hero rocker as he continues to take on the best that the world has to offer! mob gaming shows gotfrag why they're #1! 6/01/08 - starting off as the heavily-favored #1 seed in the second gotfrag revival tour for counter strike 1.6, mob gaming proved themselves as being more than deserving of the top spot.  dominating the competition from their very first match (a 16-1 smackdown of frag dominant) all the way through to the championship round against devastation.  things got a little dicey for mob before the start of the final match because one of their most versatile members, hostile, had to be replaced by an alternate due to computer difficulties.  however, even without their complete starting lineup available for the final match, mob still had little problem disposing of devastation. major props to all six team members as well as mob godfath3r for pulling his guys together just before the final match and putting down a solid strategy.  executed to perfection, mob showed the grit and persistance that was needed to score yet another prize purse. click here to see how the tournament brackets played out for the gotfrag revival tour #2. mob gaming's counter strike players use turtle beach earforce x-52 gaming headsets! turtle beach-sponsored squad scores big in gamestop's $10,000 grand championship! 5/10/08 - the elite of the rainbow 6: vegas 2 world were in awe as mob rage took home the online gamestop $10,000 grand championships.  starting out as the #2 overall seed, the turtle beach-sponsored mob rage (of the mob gaming family) swept through the winner's bracket, which culminated in a 3-0 win over [d]efiance.  in the championship bracket though, things surely did not get any easier for mob rage because they faced off against the #1 seed xc carnage--who came out of the loser's bracket due to a previous round 3 loss to [d]efiance.  xc carnage put up a tough fight, but in the end, mob rage prevailed to take home the huge cash purse. congratulations to the entire roster: bigblackjamal22, jd fortex, jj myxer, rogue iri, and zer0 bc.  turtle beach is extremely proud to know that our earforce x1 gaming headsets helped you out on the way to this monumentous victory! click here to view mlg playoff bracket outlining mob rage's run through gamestop $10,000 grand championships. home | products | press | company | support | site map copyright 2008 voyetra turtle beach inc.  all rights reserved copyright & trademark | privacy | terms of use