来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230103926/http://www.turtlebeach.com/blog
================================================================================

turtle beach blog archives search skip to content ↓ home funny pets post videos turtle beach/evga pc headset promo! by admin on nov.04, 2010, under post another week at turtle beach means that another week of cool stuff has come down to talk about. this week we’ve turned the spotlight on our ever-growing line of high-performance pc gaming headsets and a cool promotion we have undertaken with our friends at evga. more about that in a minute… you may not realize that turtle beach has a long history of making great pc audio products… nearly 35 years. we still make some of the world’s finest premium pci sound cards, like the montego ddl and riviera. meanwhile, our newer usb soundcards, the audio advantage amigo ii and micro ii set standards for convenience, versatility and affordable performance. this long-standing expertise in audio engineering extends our line of outstanding pc headsets, ranging from the true 5.1 surround sound ear force hpa2, to our new ear force z2 headset, right down to our entry-level, but still-awesome z1. knowing how great our pc line performs, we threw on some z2’s and skyped the guys at evga — friends of pc gamers worldwide and makers of some of the most coveted graphics cards and motherboards on the planet — and said “hey, we’re friends. your friends should be our friends and our friends should be your friends.” and ta-da! another cool cross-promotion was born and two awesome communities of gamers are the beneficiaries. just head over to www.evga.com or click the banner below now to see the splash page and easy to follow directions for winning some of our great pc headsets for your very own. all you need to do is follow both turtle beach and evga via facebook to be entered to win. there are ten (10) hpa2 and ten (10) z2 headsets up for grabs, so there’s nothing to lose! win or lose, you will always have latest news and information on gaming audio and pc gaming, as delivered by evga and turtle beach! just head over to evga.com for details! leave a comment more... nycc winners and the new dpx21! by admin on oct.22, 2010, under post as always, there’s a lot of exciting stuff going on here at turtle beach this week. first of all, we are excited to be able to finally announce our big prize winners from our turtle beach/marvel button hunt promotion at the ny comic con earlier this month. shout outs and congratulations to our winners: grand prize: zack harragan of west sayville, ny runner up: pawel dziurawiel of brooklyn, ny zack will be getting a big box of very cool gaming and comic related gear including a top of the line turtle beach ear force x41 wireless, surround sound headset; an nvidia geforce gtx 260 video card, a big pile of games from sega, capcom, thq and activision and some autographed, limited edition marvel comics! all that stuff is worth more than $2,000! pawel will also be receiving an nvidia graphics card! we hope to see you both and everyone who participated in our hunt at next year’s nycc! speaking of surround sound, there’s big news on the new product front as well here at turtle beach world headquarters; we have just unleashed the awesome new ear force dpx21 dolby 7.1 surround sound bundle and the early word from everyone who has tried it is that we have another tb home-run on our hands! the dpx21 combines our highly popular and battle-tested px21 universal gaming headset with our dss dolby 7.1 surround sound processor. with the dpx21, gamers can now have the ultimate wired, universal surround sound option, to enhance every game sound and be heard like never before. like all turtle beach products, the dpx21 has crystal clear communication and all of the great turtle beach features we have become known for, from microphone monitoring to chat boost. be sure to check out the product page for more information, including our product video on youtube! the dpx21 is currently available direct from turtlebeach.com as well as many of our fine retail partners. speaking of “unleashed,” we can’t resist making a shout out to our friends at lucasarts on the eve of the release of “star wars: the force unleashed ii” next tuesday: the game looks awesome! anyone who has been lucky enough to be near one of more than 1,000 select gamestop locations has seen our super-cool px21 and x-series posters we did in partnership with “tfu2” and “halo: reach” respectively. for those with less luck, we’ve added them in below our dpx21 photos. the dpx21: two products that go together like peanut butter and jelly. the package you want to unwrap! star wars: force unleashed 2 gamestop poster. be sure to pick up the game on 10/26. sounds best with tb sound! halo: reach gamestop poster. dominate the game with turtle beach headsets! leave a comment more... new york comic con 2010 wrap up by admin on oct.15, 2010, under post hey turtle beach faithful, thanks everyone that visited our booth at the truly awesome ny comic con last weekend. for those of you who missed it, turtle beach was the “official headset” of the event and we were everywhere! thanks to a multitude of onsite partnerships with great companies like marvel, sega, capcom, square enix, rockstar games, gazillion, activision, thq, nvidia, microsoft and samsung, tb headsets were at the center of all the gaming action and sat on the heads of a huge chunk of the nearly 100,000 nycc attendees thanks to demo stations in many of the above booths as well as our own. (turtle beach definitely wants to say “thanks again!” to all those great partners and looks forward to many more opportunities to work together.) all those demo opportunities and cool promotions, combined with super “show only” pricing had tb headsets flying out the doors in many hands. as a matter of fact, the tb booth was pretty much at the heart of all of the gaming action at nycc and even turned up in the background of several media outlets’ photo galleries, including mtv and cnet. the show was jammed with all kinds of great comic and game booths and there were celebrities and panels and some of the best costumes we have ever seen. hey, even master chief himself stopped in to say “hi” and give us his endorsement of the battle-tested x11. as cool as seeing cpo john 117 was, he looked puny next to the two life-size wookies that seemed to keep strolling by the booth. the ultimate however was seeing the legendary stan lee up close and personal… talk about a rock star! for those of you who were there and those of you missed it; check out the photos and please let us know what you think via facebook and twitter! master chief with the battle tested x11 headset. matt from turtle beach with our cutest fan! the ladies know which booth to hang out in... the ladies of team foxy teach the boys a thing or two about halo: reach! leave a comment more... live from nycc! by admin on oct.08, 2010, under post this weekend, the turtle beach team is here at the jacob javits center in nyc for the awesome new york comic con until sunday the 10th! we are already getting a ton of love and we know it is going to be a truly phenomenal show, and we can’t wait to interact with our many fans and make many more new ones! if you’re in the ny area, be sure to head down to the show and visit turtle beach at booth #1915!  there is going to be a lot of cool tb stuff going on in our booth and on the show floor.   in addition, there will be an exlusive turtle beach gaming headset pro-shop onsite at the event where visitors will be able to pick up tb gear at unbelievable discounts. as if that’s not enough, turtle beach is the “official gaming headset” of new york comic con, and will be partnering with the kings of comics, marvel entertainment, to co-host an interactive onsite scavenger hunt/contest open to all attendees. on each of the three show days, a nycc-exclusive set of limited edition co-branded marvel/turtle beach buttons — based on marvel’s video game properties — will be available at seven booth spread across the show floor. attendees who collect the entire button set can return to with it to the turtle beach booth to be entered into the drawing for the grand prize package including an ear force x41 headset, nvidia graphics card, various game titles and other swag. the following companies and games will be participating in the marvel/turtle beach scavenger hunt: turtle beach gaming headsets – booth 1915 marvel entertainment – booth 1843 sega (captain america: super soldier) – booth 1565 capcom (marvel vs. capcom 3: fate of two worlds)- booth 2043 thq (marvel super hero squad: the infinity gauntlet) – booth 1843 gazillion (marvel super hero squad online) – booth 1843 activision (spider-man: shattered dimensions) – booth 1833 there are also great opportunities to sample turtle beach headsets both in our booth and across the show floor at various partners’ demos, including a large presence at the rockstar games booth.  the turtle beach interactive best buy kiosks will be on hand to play with too.  in addition, attendees will be able to show off their halo reach skill in turtle beach’s mini lan battle center for a chance to win a free t-shirt (while supplies last).  thq is giving us access to pre-sale demos of their all-new super hero squad: infinity gauntlet game, while activision is bringing us spider-man: shattered dimensions.  on top of all that, we have partnered with both nvidia and samsung to provide an exclusive demonstration of “3d-vision” gaming which will bring unbeatable visuals are surround sound together for an immersive experience like no other. collect them all! leave a comment more... best buy, the new dx11, and our interactive kiosk! by admin on oct.04, 2010, under post last week, our staff traveled to the big best buy managers’ show in phoenix, arizona where we got to interact with all the great regional and store managers. it’s a great opportunity to get that valuable feedback from the front lines, learn more about our customers and what they want, and to show off all the new and exciting products and promotions we have been cooking up over the past few months. luckily, they all had great things to say about turtle beach headsets; their gaming customers just love them. the hottest new tb product is actually a best buy exclusive in the usa. the new ear force dx11 headset bundle has been making a big splash – and is also getting fantastic marks from both pro and consumer reviewers (http://www.theco-operatives.com/reviews/?p=700). the dx11 pairs our most popular headset, the x11, with our new dolby 7.1 surround sound processor, the dss, for the perfect wired surround sound solution. the new dx11, the perfect wired surround sound solution! in fact, the halo reach guys liked the performance of the dx11 combo on at the pax show so much that they demanded we hook them up for the best buy show. like we said, you can only get the dx11 at best buy stores or from bestbuy.com (http://tinyurl.com/2a9e3yq). if you already have a headset, then just pick up a standalone ear force dss dolby 7.1 surround sound processor. it will turn any headset into a surround sound beast. lastly, if you if you have not heard about it, head down to a nearby best buy store and check out turtle beach’s all-new, super-cool interactive gaming kiosk located in the gaming sections of more than 800 best buy locations. you will be able to see and listen to some of today’s hottest game trailers on our x11 and x41 gaming headsets. even better, you can also press various buttons and learn all about turtle beach’s revolutionary products and gaming-specific features, great sound, and unbeatable value. only turtle beach headsets are “engineered for gaming.” the turtle beach interactive gaming kiosk. waiting for you at your local best buy! the turtle beach test run in progress. leave a comment more... « older entries hi! welcome to turtle beach blog!thanks for dropping by! feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the rss feed. see ya around! recent posts turtle beach/evga pc headset promo! nycc winners and the new dpx21! new york comic con 2010 wrap up live from nycc! best buy, the new dx11, and our interactive kiosk! recent comments vba sileneo on new product releases! the ear force x31 and x41!casey on new product releases! the ear force x31 and x41!harris on next up: new york comic con!turtlebeachx41 on another great review of the turtle beach x41turtlebeachx41 on press release: turtle beach announced the new ear force x11! links turtle beach homepage facebook twitter myspace justintv looking for something? use the form below to search the site: still not finding what you're looking for? drop a comment on a post or contact us so we can take care of it! blogrolla few highly recommended websites...facebook fan page myspace turtle beach homepage twitter archivesall entries, chronologically... november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 june 2010 april 2010 march 2010 february 2010 january 2010 december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 powered by wordpress. theme: pixel. sweet icons by famfamfam. back to top ↑