来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230103926/http://www.turtlebeach.com/privacy.aspx
================================================================================

video gaming headsets, sound cards, audio processors | turtle beach home shopping guide products xbox gaming headsets ear force x41 ear force dx11 ear force x31 ear force px21 ear force x11 ear force xlc ear force xc1 ps3 gaming headsets ear force px5 ear force x41 + pbt ear force dpx21 ear force px21 ear force p11 ear force pbt pc gaming headsets ear force hpa2 ear force z2 ear force z1 nintendo gaming headsets ear force d2 tournament series ear force hpx audio processors ear force dss sound cards audio advantage amigo ii audio advantage micro ii montego ddl riviera parts and accessories recertified products ear force x4 ear force x3 ear force x1 turtle beach gear community newsletter sign-up turtle beach blog facebook twitter youtube myspace justin tv company company overview press releases media gallery contact us careers site map where to buy united states australia canada france italy spain united kingdom support turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. this statement of privacy applies to the turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards web site and governs data collection and usage. by using the turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. collection of your personal information turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your zip code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. there is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards. this information can include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring web site addresses. this information is used by turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards web site. please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. note: turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards does not read any of your private online communications. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards encourages you to review the privacy statements of web sites you choose to link to from turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards so that you can understand how those web sites collect, use and share your information. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on web sites outside of the turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards and turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards family of web sites. use of your personal information turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards collects and uses your personal information to operate the turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards web site and deliver the services you have requested. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards and its affiliates. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. in those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. in addition, turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. all such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards keeps track of the web sites and pages our customers visit within turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards, in order to determine what turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards services are the most popular. this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards, or the public. use of cookies the turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. for example, if you personalize turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards pages, or register with turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards site or services, a cookie helps turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. this simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. when you return to the same turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards features that you customized. you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards services or web sites you visit. security of your personal information turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. when personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the secure socket layer (ssl) protocol. changes to this statement turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards will occasionally update this statement of privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards is protecting your information. contact information turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards welcomes your comments regarding this statement of privacy. if you believe that turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards has not adhered to this statement, please contact turtle beach - video gaming headsets, usb, and pci sound cards at webmaster@turtlebeach.com. we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. copyright 2010 by voyetra turtle beach, inc. privacy statement|terms of use