来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229084244/http://turtlebeach.com/blog
================================================================================

turtle beach blog archives search skip to content ↓ home funny pets post videos kiwi gamer advertising video by admin on dec.09, 2011, under post at turtle beach we pride ourselves on listening to our consumers and fans.  every product innovation is inspired by your feedback and we are grateful for your support.  our respect for our fans extends to our marketing efforts as well.  we understand some members of the community have concerns about the kiwi gamer video series.  the trailer and series was developed by our new zealand distribution partner intended for use as a local market promotion.  the journey of the main character and resolution of the story is quite the opposite of how it has been received.  the goal was to contrast the fantasy of combat video games with the reality; and ultimately celebrate the service of our heroes and the sacrifice of their families.  we are sorry if that message has not been clearly communicated.  based on the feedback from our community we have decided to withdraw our association with this project.  most importantly, we wish to apologize to anyone we may have inadvertently offended. 2 comments more... pax prime 2011 recap by admin on sep.02, 2011, under post happy friday afternoon, friends and fans! we’ve all made it back home after pax (despite hurricane irene having wrought some havoc on our team’s travel plans) and we’ve been looking through the pictures from pax, reviewing our notes and all collectively just saying “wow! this was the biggest pax ever. the booths were huge, the cosplay was amazing, the crowd was great and we had a blast. it was awesome to be able to show our new line of call of duty: modern warfare 3 headsets to the world. on our xbox 360 lan, where we held our daily tournaments, there were four ear force charlie headsets. the reaction to them was absolutely unbelievable. people fell in love with these headsets. the foxtrots on the playstation 3 stations were also a big hit. when players got to hold them, put them on and test them out, they finally understood some of what what make these headsets so special. we held six cod: mw2 tournaments throughout the course of the show and were happy to award 12 px5s and 12 px3s to the winners and runners-up in the tournaments. the crowds that showed up were huge and people were very excited to play and watch the action. the energy at the show was amazing and so positive and we all had a great time meeting the folks who came by the booth. and, of course, there was our live stream. we had as many as 7,000 people chatting with us live at one point and got over 2.5 million views over the course of the weekend! being able to share an event like pax with that many people is amazing, and we were thrilled that the community stood behind us and shared in the event. if you missed pax or our live stream, you can still watch the archived footage on our twitch.tv channel. there are some great interviews with developers as well as a great inside look at the show, through the eyes of the attendees. we got to interview bethesda, 2k games, evga, runic games and more! we hope that you enjoyed pax, either by attending or by living it vicariously. as the mw3 release draws nearer, we’ll be looking forward to releasing more and more information about our four limited edition mw3 headsets and hope you’ll check them out. if you’re going to be around new york in october, consider checking out new york comic con. it’s in downtown new york city and will be a blast. and of course, we’ll be there with plenty of big surprises. until next time, happy gaming! 1 comment more... introducing the turtle beach ear force x12 by admin on jul.26, 2011, under post we want to start this blog post by saying thank you. you guys and girls have made the ear force x11 the best selling stereo gaming headset in the world. it’s pretty amazing to think that basically everyone who games knows someone who has an x11. when we began making the x1 and then its successor the x11, turtle beach wanted to make the absolute best possible headset that we could, and sell it for just $60. to be honest, we thought we nailed it and that for the price there’s not a finer gaming headset available. apparently, millions of xbox 360 gamers agreed.  so, it is with great care that we set about updating the x11. we knew we had set a high bar and had to get it right. so now, we are proud to introduce the ear force x12, the long-awaited successor to the x11. i want you all to understand just how amazing the x12 really is, so please, forgive us as we get just a little bit techie here. the x11 has 40mm speakers. we’ve updated them in the x12 to huge 50mm speakers; they’re an all new design we’ve been working on for a while now and they sound amazing. the x12 also features redesigned, acoustically tuned earcups. they look about the same as the x11, but they are deeper and more comfortable and the way that sounds resonate in them is a lot different and a lot better. we also took the bass boost from the x11 and gave it a variable control. the inline amp now includes a third control wheel labeled bass boost, in addition to the game and chat volume controls from before. variable bass boost means you can start from a totally neutral soundscape and build up to a monstrous low end rumble that makes you feel like you are inside explosions and other game events. overall, these new 50mm speakers handle game audio beautifully, delivering clearer sound and tighter, punchier bass than the awesome x11. beyond all that, we’ve also updated the exterior look with the x12, keeping the same classic shape, but moving over to a black and green color scheme instead of black and white. just like the x11, the x12 works flawlessly for xbox 360 and pc. when you put on the x12 for the first time, you’re going to be blown away. when the team of gamers here first got to test this new headset a few months ago, we were all astounded.  some of us were literally speechless and couldn’t believe that turtle beach could make an entry level headset sound this good.  it was simplicity perfected. finally, and best of all, it’s still going to cost $60. turtle beach ear force x12 leave a comment more... official cod: mw3 turtle beach headsets by admin on jul.21, 2011, under post by now, we expect you’ve seen and heard the big news news: turtle beach is producing a line of official call of duty: modern warfare 3 headsets in partnership with infinity ward, sledgehammer games and activision. we intentionally haven’t released every juicy detail yet, but want assure you that these cod headsets are definitely not just pretty logos and new paint jobs.   if you know turtle beach, you know that’s definitely not how we operate. you can expect a lot from these new headsets.  we can’t tell you everything yet, but here’s what we can say so far: first, the ear force delta and ear force bravo will feature exclusive cod presets that were designed in collaboration with the audio teams at iw and sledgehammer and only be available to owners of the cod headsets.  in addition, the efd will feature some exclusive voice prompts provided by some pretty awesome personalities that you will know if you are a real cod insider. the efd will ship with voice prompts by someone many of you will know and love right off the bat and later you’ll be able to download a variety of different and very cool additional voice prompts.  there will also be more dedicated downloadable presets available too. all four of the headsets will also be shipping with a bunch of exclusive mw3 bonus content that you’ll only be able to get with these headsets. we can’t make any revelations yet, but trust us, it’s very cool content. we’re not talking about access to a reskinned pistol in the game that you’ll never use. this is content you will appreciate and enjoy. beyond that, some of the headsets will also ship with additional accessories you’d normally have to buy separately and feature some very special packaging that we also can’t talk about yet. from this gamer’s vantage point, when you look at all these headsets come with, it’s actually a better deal to by the turtle beach limited edition cod headsets than the regular ones: you’ll be getting a lot of bang for your buck. we’ve rewritten the rules about gaming headsets countless times and we wanted to do it again with these headsets. we know that often companies will tack on a big premium for licensed products, but that’s not how turtle beach does things. yes, these headsets cost a little more than our other headsets do, but they are designed to make avid cod fans very happy and come with a lot of great stuff that’s been specially chosen just for them. everyone at turtle beach is very excited to have this opportunity to get it right with our first officially licensed game products. we’re looking forward to sharing much more information about these headsets very soon. so, in the meantime, sign up for the email alerts and stay tuned to our facebook fan page. we’ll keep you up to date as we get closer to release date. 4 comments more... turtle beach e3 2011 livestream event by admin on jun.03, 2011, under post e3 2011: turtle beach powers audio for top publishers and partners with livestream for show floor coverage turtle beach to provide fans with three days of live behind-the-scenes coverage of industry news and turtle beach announcements happening at e3 2011 elmsford, n.y., june 2, 2011 – turtle beach, the leader in premium gaming headsets, is proud to announce their latest list of publisher partners showcasing their new game releases with optimized audio courtesy of turtle beach’s premium gaming headsets. to further support their role as the preeminent authority on game sound and to showcase their industry partners’ incredible audio achievements, turtle beach has teamed up with livestream to give fans an inside-view of e3, the game industry’s biggest and most important event of the year! publishers and partners utilizing turtle beach headsets in their e3 booths, meeting rooms and displays include: • activision • electronic arts • 2k games/take two interactive • warner brothers interactive • nexon • konami • bethesda • indiecade • kalypso • nvidia this partnership with livestream gives turtle beach an opportunity to share the latest news, action and highlights from e3 directly with fans. livestream reporting will take place at the turtle beach booth as well as its partners’ displays, giving fans a behind-the-scenes “look and listen” to upcoming games, most of which will be demoed onsite using turtle beach headsets. the livestream broadcasts will be co-hosted by matt from turtle beach, a familiar face from turtle beach’s popular youtube channel and kona from quantic gaming, a prominent competitive gaming commentator. matt and kona will spend time reviewing the latest audio advancements from turtle beach and meet with many of the developers and audio engineers behind all the hot new games; getting their unique points of view and insight on the sound design and overall development of these major titles. “turtle beach is the game audio authority and we are already committed to delivering the very best sonic experience possible to gamers with our premium lineup of console and pc gaming headsets,” notes michael arzt, vp of marketing and business development for turtle beach, “and with our many publisher partnerships and the exciting livestream initiative, we’re also able to provide fans with a unique look and listen to all the games and audio excitement of the 2011 e3 expo.” turtle beach’s livestream will commence at 10:00am pt on june 7, 2011 with an address from turtle beach regarding its exciting new products being introduced at e3. the e3 stream will then be running from 11:00am to 5:00pm on june 7, 10:00am to 6:00pm on june 8 and 10:00am to 5:00pm on june 9 (all times pacific). to access the e3 stream, viewers must visit and “like” turtle beach’s facebook fan page at http://www.facebook.com/turtlebeach. the facebook page will also have additional information on the livestream event and a player to watch the stream. to add more excitement throughout the 3-day event, turtle beach and its partners will offer prize giveaways on the stream. viewers will be able to chat with one another, turtle beach employees and other special guests. after the event is over, viewers can enjoy video on demand from livestream and on turtle beach’s youtube channel. publishers interested in arranging for turtle beach headsets for their game demos and/or a visit their e3 booths to interview game developers and audio leads for broadcast should contact jeff.burchett@turtlebeach.com to learn more about turtle beach’s products and watch matt’s videos, please visit http://www.youtube.com/turtlebeachvideos/ for more information on kona, please visit http://www.konaskorner.com/ about turtle beach turtle beach (www.turtlebeach.com) designs and markets premium audio peripherals for personal computer and video game platforms, including its acclaimed line of ear force gaming headphones and headsets crafted for xbox 360 and ps3 game consoles and pc games. turtle beach’s ear force x41 wireless headset is official xbox magazine’s “2009 peripheral of the year.” turtle beach, headquartered in elmsford, new york, is a brand of voyetra turtle beach, inc., which has been at the forefront of music and audio technology for more than three decades and is recognized as a pioneer of today’s pc audio industry. turtle beach and ear force are registered trademarks of voyetra turtle beach, inc. xbox 360 is a registered trademark of microsoft, corp. all other trademarks are property of their respective holders and are hereby acknowledged. contact: john kopp high road communications john.kopp@highroad.com 415.318.4210 highroad.com 1 comment more... « older entries hi! welcome to turtle beach blog!thanks for dropping by! feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the rss feed. see ya around! recent posts kiwi gamer advertising video pax prime 2011 recap introducing the turtle beach ear force x12 official cod: mw3 turtle beach headsets turtle beach e3 2011 livestream event recent commentsallmotor_i-vtec on official cod: mw3 turtle beach headsetsalpha-james_23 on official cod: mw3 turtle beach headsetsshockwolf99 on official cod: mw3 turtle beach headsetsdeblasi on turtle beach e3 2011 livestream eventallmotor_i-vtec on official cod: mw3 turtle beach headsetslinks turtle beach homepage facebook twitter myspace justintv looking for something? use the form below to search the site: still not finding what you're looking for? drop a comment on a post or contact us so we can take care of it! blogrolla few highly recommended websites...facebook fan page myspace turtle beach homepage twitter archivesall entries, chronologically... december 2011 september 2011 july 2011 june 2011 may 2011 april 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 powered by wordpress. theme: pixel. sweet icons by famfamfam. back to top ↑