来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161204094727/http://www.turtlebeach.com/blog/
================================================================================

turtle beach blog menu shop shop nowxbox onexbox 360ps4ps3pcmobilerefurbishedaccessoriespartslegacyspecial offersretailer locator featured productselite prostealth 350vrstream mic our technologyour visionsuperhuman hearingvideos our vision influencersinfluencersesports communitytwitchinstagramyoutubetwitterfacebookpresetsasset portalblog support 0 search shopheadsetsxbox onexbox 360playstation 4playstation 3pcmobilerefurbishednew productsaccessoriessound cardsdolby processorheadset standstournament mixerbluetooth adapterspeaker platesupgrade kitspc accessoriesxbox one adaptersaudio adapterspartscablesadaptersaudio convertersamplifiersbattery coversbluetoothear cushionsmicrophonesheadsets onlytransmittersturtle beach apparelbackpacksshirtshatshoodiesduffle baglegacyheadsetsaccessoriesspecial offersoutlet esports our technology retailer locator asset portal community presets support elite pro superhuman hearing stealth 350vr stream micfollow us brian fargo about the importance of sound and music – interview at gamescom cologne. brian fargo has been a crucial member of the games industry since 1983, famous for the bard’s tale and wasteland series. we had a chance to chat with fargo about the importance of sound and music for his upcoming rpg,… interviewing robert sammelin, senior concept artist at dice, about battlefield 1 at gamescom cologne. sound and music are both important aspects to consider when recreating the acoustic reality of world war i. the developers at dice report directly from the sound designer’s battlefield, explaining the difficult task of capturing the sound of war for… sitting down for an interview with chris roberts at gamescom cologne the dream of virtual space exploration will finally become reality with the upcoming star citizen by chris roberts. sitting down for an interview with turtle beach, roberts explains the process behind designing the soundscapes of his colossal project. turtle beach product showcase at gamescom cologne. seb ford takes a look at the fun goodies we brought to gamescom this year. gamescom is europe’s largest trade fair for interactive games and entertainment, drawing over 300,000 attendees. team optic’s own crimsix reviews the new elite pro headset. unprompted and unscripted! this one’s straight from the heart, folks. ian “crimsix” porter is a professional call of duty player and current member of optic gaming. he’s helped his team achieve first place finishes this year at eswc, mlg anaheim,… team optic does it again. wins the call of duty mlg anaheim open this past weekend turtle beach’s elite pro tournament gaming head set, t.a.c. and other elite pro accessories are available for purchase, and just helped optic gaming secure their latest victory at the call of duty® mlg anaheim open mlg: congratulations optic gaming, your call… turtle beach spends a day with the san diego chargers and the united states marines turtle beach was honored tuesday, after spending time with some of the san diego chargers when they battled against some of our brave and courageous united stated marines in a friendly game of call of duty. members of the chargers including the… celebrate star wars: the force awakens with turtle beach are you as hyped for the premiere of the force awakens as we are? will you be donning yoda ears and jedi robes as you wait to cram into theaters this weekend? is that heavy breathing you’re hearing your own?… ear force audio hub updates – october hello friends! we’ll be using this space to keep a running list of firmware updates for our various headsets. details below:   october   stealth 500x transmitter – 2.0.3 – made an adjustment to the mic noise gate   elite 800x headset… black ops 3 multiplayer beta is coming soon black ops is back, and with a multiplayer beta stacked with features sure to keep you knee deep in killstreaks for the five days it’s active. you can grab all the juicy details on maps, weapons, specialists and more right… have faith in the new mirror’s edge gameplay trailer faith returns to form with fluid movement and balletic combat in this new trailer from gamescom that has us hyped to return to the world of mirror’s edge. we can’t wait to hear the immersive audio that’s sure to draw… fighter squadron mode in star wars battlefront looks ridiculously fun a gameplay trailer for the fighter squadron mode in star wars battlefront was released earlier today to kick off gamescom, and it is glorious to behold. when the good old falcon swoops in to save the day and the… turtle beach headsets in full effect at evo 2015 competing in tournaments with the best of the best is a harrowing experience. matters don’t improve if you’re facing off against one of the top players in the game. but what if you happen to steal a round? that seems… the heroes of the storm are crowned at dreamhack valencia 2015 four esports teams duked it out for the rite to call themselves heroes… heroes of the storm that is. the second in the turtle beach all-stars hots tournament series was just as closely fought as the… unboxing the stealth 420x our third 100% wireless headset for xbox one! the stealth 420x brings to the table a great mix of features and functionality, all at an affordable price. it’s fully wireless to the xbox one, sports independent game and chat… the most technologically advanced gaming headset for the most technologically advanced super hero = a winning combination we’re rocketing through summer, and the temperature is reaching new heights now that one of the year’s biggest titles has arrived. sneak peek – turtle beach booth at e3 2015! it’s just about that time of year again!  e3 – the electronics and entertainment expo where all the hottest most highly anticipated technology anywhere.  turtle beach will be there with some awesome announcements you won’t want to miss! as a… destined for the record books from the opening horns of destiny’s theme music, players can get an immediate sense that they’re really in for something… special. the game’s sound design lends an air of grandeur to everything that players experience, and really helps to propel… ultra street fighter iv audio review six years and about 7 million copies later, street fighter iv continues to make waves in the fighting game community (or fgc, as many fighting fans refer to it). august 5, 2014 marks the release of the eagerly-awaited ultra street… infamous second son soundtrack free download pop quiz: what’s the best price for great music? free. and even legal. sony has released the complete soundtrack for infamous second son™ for free download. so, step one, go get it [url]http://bit.ly/1fmarci[/url]. step two is to put on your… surround sound vs. stereo sound – what’s the difference (really)? we have been in the gaming headset business a long time, so we know there are (mis)conceptions and (mis)information about surround sound and stereo sound, especially as they pertain to headsets. we have a strong point of view on the… all about xbox one headsets “turtle beach, tell me about your xbox one headsets, and tell me about xbox one audio, and tell me why it’s all awesome,” you may have thought. and you wouldn’t have been the first to ask us those questions, so… top 10 ways to level up your game 1. want to hear footsteps better? turn down the bass. if your headset has bass boost or bass level control, turn it down! footsteps are in the mid to mid-treble range, and bass just covers them up. 2. let your… an inside look at game audio from the xbox one and playstation 4 everyone keeps going all starry-eyed over the graphics in next-gen consoles, and yeah, sure, they look awesome, but can we just pull back for a moment hear and talk about how awesome these games sound? call of duty: ghosts on… soundtrack of the month: final fantasy xiv final fantasy is one of those franchises with more iconic moments than most. from characters that have transcended gaming into the collective consciousness of our modern pop culture. moogles, chocobos, cloud’s buster sword, kefka’s laugh, and of course, a whole… soundtrack of the month: madden 25 25 years of anything is a big deal! the fact that ea sports’ madden has just hit the quarter century mark is something that no one is taking lightly! the intricate game play, the realistic graphics, and the comprehensive statistics… call of duty: ghosts limited edition headsets in making call of duty, activision has become known for masterfully creating immersive worlds for players to enjoy with their friends (and arch-enemies, too). from top-notch voice acting to world-class foley work, the audio teams behind call of duty are… chiptunes: classic game sound and music collide you’ve played the original super mario bros., right? remember the theme song? of course you do! it goes “bleep bleep bloop bum dum bloomp.” (now you’re singing it to yourself, aren’t you?) those coarse sounds were, essentially, very primitive synthesizers… power of audio from the xbox one! according to microsoft, the xbox one has the power of ten xbox 360s(1). that is a giant leap in power. it’s literally exponential, which is something to get really and truly worked up about. much of the focus of a… gaming soundtrack review: the last of us usually, the word “soundtrack” brings to mind notions of either sweeping orchestral music or popular songs that fit into the world a game or movie creates. this time around, i want you to expand your definition of “soundtrack” a bit.… gaming soundtrack review: metro: last light “metro: last light recently launched to much praise, and deservedly so. the team at 4a has delivered a stunning first-person experience, showing off a fully realized universe that effortlessly pulls you in. and what’s one of the key driving factors… classic game soundtrack review: nba jam we all remember the great games of yesteryear but, sometimes forget how large a part the soundtrack and audio played in creating those vivid memories. this month’s pick? “nba jam.” “yes! yes! he’s heating up! he’s on fire!!!” i can’t… classic gaming soundtrack tournament of 2013 beat the boss conference&lt mega man ii and super mario bros. is our 1st match from the “beat the boss” conference. mega man ii is remembered by most for everything from the introductory tune to the hyper rhythms of the… the versatility of the seven series of headsets want to know what the xp seven can connect to? and how? let’s take a look! mobile: the seven headset easily connects to your smartphone, tablet, or portable gaming device. you can use the seven to listen to music and… mlg dallas recap turtle beach formed a partnership with major league gaming (mlg), the world’s largest esports league. through this partnership a full lineup of mlg licensed gaming headsets and audio gear were created. we just returned from the mlg winter championship where… classic gaming soundtrack tournament of 2013 beat the boss conference mega man ii and super mario bros. is our 1st match from the “beat the boss” conference. mega man ii is remembered by most for everything from the introductory tune to the hyper rhythms of the… classic game soundtrack review: tetris most of us were introduced the game of four block tetriminos, or more commonly known as tetris on the nintendo entertainment system. the game first entered the scene in the 1980s but most notably successful when launched with game boy… lygo international acquired by turtle beach lygo international ltd has been acquired by turtle beach and is now the european division of the company for sales, marketing, customer service, and distribution partners. turtle beach is the global leader in gaming audio offering the world’s most advanced… classic game soundtrack review: the legend of zelda: a link to the past during what has been a gaming career spanning more hours than i would ever admit publicly, few games have made the impact that the legend of zelda: a link to the past did. from its dark and ominous prologue, filled… classic game soundtrack review: pac-man firsts are a big deal. your first kiss. first love. steps and words. comments on a youtube video. “first!!” a lot of hate and mean-spirited bashing follows, but you get the idea. we are obsessed with firsts. but first video… gaming news: dmc reboot if you harbor any fears that the new dmc reboot won’t live up to its pedigree, then check them at the door because dmc is shaping up to be as loud, brash, over-the-top and in-your-face as any of the previous… turtle beach unveils new product line-up at ces 2013 the annual consumer electronics show (ces) is upon us. taking place in las vegas, nevada, the show is home to hundreds of new electronics companies want you know about in 2013. turtle beach is ready to present to you some… dance central blackout brought to you by harmonix & turtle beach harmonix to release dance central blackout in conjunction with turtle beach, featuring ultra-powerful audio and custom presets and voice prompts by turtle beach. cambridge, mass. and valhalla, n.y. – april 1, 2013: developers of the popular rock band and dance… copyright© 2016 turtle beach corporation. all rights reserved. return to top