来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228225826/http://www.turtlebeach.com/en-us/privacy
================================================================================

privacy - turtle beach us menu shop shop now featured releaseselite pro – pc editionelite pro – optic editionstealth 600/700elite prostealth 350vrstream micrecon camo technologysuperhuman hearing™videos esports communityinfluencersblogsupport about us (0) search free shipping on all orders over $39 xbox playstation pc refurbished special offers gear cart(0) shop nowshop allxboxplaystationpcrefurbishedspecial offersgear featured releaseselite pro – pc editionelite pro – optic editionstealth 600/700elite prostealth 350vrstream micrecon camo technologysuperhuman hearing™videos esports communityinfluencersblogsupport about us cart(0) edit total: your cart is empty checkout close privacy policy by accessing or using the websites of turtle beach and its affiliates (collectively, the “site”), you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time. please check this page periodically for changes. your continued use of the site indicates your acceptance of any revised privacy policy. this privacy policy was most recently updated in december, 2017. collecting personal information who may collect personal information?we may collect personal information from the site or we may authorize third-party companies to collect personal information from the site on our behalf. what is personal information?we consider information that personally identifies you or that can be used to contact you (such as your name, email address or billing information), and any data that is linked to such information, to be personal information. what personal information is collected? when you purchase a product from the site, we may collect your name, mailing and billing address(es), telephone number, email address and/or credit card or checking account information. when you register a product, we may collect your name, address, telephone number and email address. when you join one of our mailing lists, we may collect your name and email address. when you contact our online customer support, we may collect your name, telephone number, email address and mailing address. when you register for contests or giveaways hosted by the site, we may collect your name, email address, telephone number, address and other information as specified in such contest or giveaway. how is personal information used by turtle beach?turtle beach collects and uses your personal information: to complete orders for products placed on the site and to communicate with you about such orders (for example, order and shipment confirmations); to respond to requests for support or otherwise provide customer service; to inform you of other products or services available from turtle beach and its affiliates and about promotions and events; to conduct research about your opinion of current products and services or of potential new products or services; to notify you of the results of any contests or giveaways; to research and analyze data and trends to improve our products and services; and to send you important notices about the website, including updates to the terms of sale and terms of use. collecting non-personal information in addition to your personal information, we may collect or we may authorize third-party companies to collect on our behalf information that, by itself, does not specifically identify you. this non-personal information is used to help us learn what products are of the most interest to users and to improve site design and content. some examples of non-personal information that we collect and use are: when you purchase a product, register a product or contact customer support, in addition to collecting personal information, we may obtain information about the products that you own or use. when you are using our site, we may log your ip address (a number that identifies your computer on the internet) for system administration and troubleshooting purposes and to examine overall site traffic trends. we use cookies (which are small data files stored on your computer) and other similar technologies to collect information about your activities on the site and to allow us to customize portions of the site to your preferences. for example, we may obtain information about which pages of the site you visit, what terms you use in searching the site and/or what products you purchase. in addition, we use cookies to remind us of who you are and to tailor our product selection to you, which helps personalize your experience on the site. the cookie, by itself, does not provide any personal information, such as your name or email address. you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. each browser is different, so check the “help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. however, you may not be able to use some features of the site if you set your browser to reject cookies. the information collected by cookies may be collected directly by us, or it may be collected by a third-party service provider. these data are anonymous and are not linked to any information that personally identifies you. in some jurisdictions, cookies can only be set or accessed with consent. your use of the site signifies your consent. non-personal information may be collected, used or disclosed for any purpose. in the event that any non-personal information is associated with your personal information, such information is also treated as personal information for purposes of this privacy policy. sharing your information & third party partnerships on occasion, turtle beach may share personal information collected from the site with selected third-party companies who assist turtle beach in providing products and services or in advertising, marketing and website analytics efforts or allow such third-party companies to collect personal information directly from the site. such information may include your name, address, email address and purchase information, which will help arrange product delivery, provide customer support or target marketing communications. such third parties have agreed to keep such information confidential and not use it to send advertisements or other communications on behalf of anyone other than turtle beach and its affiliates. turtle beach does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. turtle beach or the third-party companies that assist us with marketing may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. in those cases, your personal information is not transferred to the third party. co-brandingturtle beach may enter into a “co-branding” relationship with another company or organization. at times, we may communicate with customers on behalf of that company and customers may be directed to a partner website to purchase a specific item or learn about their services. in these cases, both turtle beach and the partner company may receive personal information you provide and you should refer to the privacy policy of the “co-branding” partner to learn about how they handle your personal information. links from the site to third-party websites the site may contain links to third-party websites. turtle beach is not responsible for the content or the collection or use of personal information by such third-party websites. please refer to the privacy policies of the third-party website to learn about how they handle your personal information. links to the site from third-party websites turtle beach may use outside marketing companies to place advertisements or links to the site on third-party websites. the marketing company or the operator of such third-party website may collect information about people who click on an advertisement for or link to the site. turtle beach is not responsible for the collection or use of information by such marketing companies or third-party websites. please refer to their privacy policies to learn about how they handle your personal information. merger or acquisition; legal compliancein the event that turtle beach is merged with or acquired by another company, or in the event of a transfer of our assets, we may disclose or transfer personal information and other information about usage of the site in connection with such a transaction. you should also be aware that courts may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information and other information about usage of the site to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission. disclosure of your personal information we will not use or disclose your personal information except: (1) as described in this privacy policy; (2) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure; (3) if it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to turtle beach, or to others; (4) if we are required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a court order, search warrant, subpoena, civil discovery request, or statutory requirement); or (5) as we otherwise believe is required by law. security of our site we use encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of the information that you share with us. once we receive your personal information via the site, we do our best to protect its security on our systems. for example, we protect personal information we gather on a secured server that is located behind a firewall. unfortunately, however, no transmission over the internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to or from the site, and you do so at your own risk. accordingly, we disclaim liability for any theft, loss, or interception of or any unauthorized access or damage to any data or communications. by using the site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. please keep in mind that if you disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through public forums and bulletin boards on the site, this information may be collected and used by others. you are responsible for the personal information that you choose to share on the site’s public forums and bulletin boards. opting out while we hope that the information included in this privacy policy has helped you better understand how we use and protect your information to provide you with better service, we understand that you may still choose to not receive information from turtle beach or our partners. as a part of our commitment to your privacy, we agree to honor customers’ requests not to receive mail or email from turtle beach. if you have previously opted to receive, or otherwise currently receive, promotional emails from us, you may unsubscribe by emailing sales@turtlebeach.com. within a reasonable period of time after unsubscribing, you will no longer receive marketing emails from turtle beach. you may still receive e-mails regarding your transactions, for example, confirming that you have placed an order or that a product you have ordered has shipped. children and privacy the site is not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13 years. we will never request personally identifiable information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. by using the site, you represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years old. if we become aware that a customer is under the age of 13 and has provided us with personal information, we will remove his or her personal information. a parent or legal guardian who needs to access, change or delete personal information regarding their child should contact sales@turtlebeach.com. contact information if you have any comments on or questions about this privacy policy or believe that turtle beach has not adhered to this privacy policy or any privacy law, please contact sales@turtlebeach.com. follow us on social facebook instagram twitter youtube united statesunited kingdomspainfranceitalygermanyeuropenetherlandsaustralianew zealand corporate careers product registration contact support contact us influencers ps4 compatibility legacy products find a retailer reviews terms of condition terms of sale privacy recall information site map united statesunited kingdomspainfranceitalygermanyeuropenetherlandsaustralianew zealand copyright© 2017 turtle beach corporation. all rights reserved. looks like you're in united states visit our site for united states for awesome headsets for sale in your area. go to our site for united states close and don't show again.