来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230234417/https://www.turtlebeach.com/pages/about-turtle-beach
================================================================================

company information - turtle beach® skip to content free shipping on orders over $39 us gb de fr it es eu nl au nz 简中 繁中 jp kr sign-in cart ( items) original price discounted price qty remove subtotal: looking to place a large order (over 5 headsets)? get a quote! (due to our strict fraud policy, any high order quantities placed will automatically be rejected.) view cart checkout free shipping on all orders over $39 us gb de fr it es eu nl au nz 简中 繁中 jp kr search search turtle beach search rewards shop gear gamer gear xbox all xbox headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all xbox products playstation all playstation headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all playstation products switch all switch headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all switch products pc all pc headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all pc products roccat mice keyboards headsets mousepads accessories team turtle beach esport teams nrg esports chicago huntsmen vfl wolfsburg partnerships fifa estars fortnite influencers dr disrespect ali-a castro kickstradomis kaypea adept archonaut clare siobhan skyrroz erin ashley simon blackkrystel c6urt faburocks 88bitmusic ambassadors kevin de bruyne josh hart kevin porter jr. r.lum.r support tech xbox series x|s xbox one ps5 ps4 pc/mac nintendo switch software contact tech support product registration orders track order return policy shipping policy warranty policies contact us blog shopping guide about turtle beach about contact us affiliate program digital accessibility ccpa form govx discount program student discount product software product registration contact support compatibility guide legacy products recall information reviews work from home headsets for school orders track order shipping information return policy warranty information terms of sale covid-19 update company about leadership press release stock price contact ir careers shop team turtle beach support blog rewards search search turtle beach search cart ( items) original price discounted price qty remove subtotal: looking to place a large order (over 5 headsets)? get a quote! (due to our strict fraud policy, any high order quantities placed will automatically be rejected.) view cart checkout free shipping on all orders over $39 gear gamer gear xbox all xbox headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all xbox products playstation all playstation headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all playstation products switch all switch headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all switch products pc all pc headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all pc products roccat mice keyboards headsets mousepads accessories shopping guide esport teams nrg esports chicago huntsmen vfl wolfsburg partnerships fifa estars fortnite influencers dr disrespect ali-a castro kickstradomis kaypea adept archonaut clare siobhan skyrroz erin ashley simon blackkrystel c6urt faburocks 88bitmusic ambassadors kevin de bruyne josh hart kevin porter jr. r.lum.r tech xbox series x|s xbox one ps5 ps4 pc/mac nintendo switch software contact tech support product registration orders track order return policy shipping policy warranty policies contact us about turtle beachwhat we dowhen it comes to gaming audio, nothing competes with turtle beach. in 2005, turtle beach pioneered the way for high-quality gaming audio with the very first console gaming headset – the x51 – and since then we’ve led the industry by designing innovative, best-in-class products that take gaming to the next level. whether you’re just starting out, a casual player, a hardcore gamer or an esports pro, turtle beach has the best headset for you. from the latest xbox, playstation® and nintendo consoles to pc, mac® and mobile/tablet devices, you’ll gain the competitive edge and start winning more with a turtle beach gaming headset.what we believeat turtle beach, we believe the better you can hear, the better you play. turtle beach gaming headsets deliver the amazing sound, comfort, features and functionality gamers want. hear everything. defeat everyone.®a proven innovatorturtle beach’s journey began back in 1975 as a small company called octave electronics which created music and audio-related products like analog music synthesizers, pc sound cards and more. throughout the company’s 40+ year history, turtle beach has continuously raised the standard of quality and innovation to become the #1 brand in gaming audio.and as the industry has grown, so has turtle beach, developing advanced, award-winning gaming headsets and audio accessories for gamers from all walks of life, including professional esports athletes and streamers on twitch and youtube.in addition to creating the first ever console gaming headset, turtle beach has consistently leveraged its audio expertise and drive for innovation to bring groundbreaking features to market first.turtle beach history2005turtle beach begins manufacturing the x51 – the first gaming headset for xbox. the company also introduces ear force branding for gaming headsets for xbox 360, playstation 3, nintendo wii, and pc.2006turtle beach begins shipping the audio advantage® amigo and audio advantage srm – completing its usb audio line of external sound devices.2007turtle beach launches the first wireless gaming headset, the x3.2008turtle beach launches the first dolby surround sound gaming headset, the x4.2009turtle beach launches the first rf wireless gaming headsets, the x31 and x412011turtle beach launches first wireless programmable headsets, the px5 and xp500.2013turtle beach introduces superhuman hearing®– the company’s exclusive sound setting designed to give gamers a competitive advantage through precision audio. superhuman hearing pulls up low-level game audio like enemy footsteps so you can see them before they get you.2013turtle beach launches the first dts surround sound headsts, the iseries.2014turtle beach launches the first fully wireless xbox one gaming headset, the 500x.2015turtle beach launches the recon 50 series multiplatform gaming headsets, which go on to become the best-selling gaming headset based on powerful game sound, crystal-clear chat, variety of colors and affordable price.2016turtle beach launches the elite pro – the first gaming headset designed from the ground-up for esports athletes and competitive gamers.2016turtle beach pioneers glasses-friendly headset comfort with the prospecs™ glasses relief system, which alleviates added pressure on glasses by creating a channel in the ear cushion so gamers who wear spectacles can finally play in comfort.2016turtle beach launches the stream mic, the first plug-n-play livestreaming mic compatible with xbox one, ps4, and pc.2016turtle beach designs the first gaming headset designed specifically for vr, the stealth 350vr.2017turtle beach launches the recon chat – taking chat-only headsets to a new level by offering features like a glasses-friendly fit and a unique open earcup that allows users to hear chat audio through the speaker while still being able to hear external audio from tv/home theatre.2017turtle beach launches the original stealth 600 and stealth 700 headsets. on xbox they are the first to use microsoft’s xbox wireless technology to connect the headset directly to the console just like the xbox wireless controllers do. no usb transmitter, no base station, no wires. stealth 600 becomes the best-selling wireless gaming headset. stealth 700 becomes the best-selling premium wireless gaming headset.2018turtle beach launches battle buds – a unique earbud style gaming headset that features a detachable boom mic for gaming and chat, as well as an inline mic for mobile use.2019turtle beach launches the recon 70 as the contemporary successor to the best-selling recon 50 series gaming headsets.2020turtle beach launches stealth 600 gen 2 and stealth 700 gen 2 as the first cross-generation console gaming headsets designed to work with xbox one and xbox series x|s as well as for ps4™ and ps5™.how we innovateour sole mission is to help gamers play their best — at every level, in every game — and our competitive approach focuses on four key pillars of innovation:advanced audio our industry-leading approach to audio has resulted in technologies designed to give gamers an unbeatable edge, including features like superhuman hearing®, nanoclear™ speakers, active noise cancellation, signature audio presets, bluetooth® connectivity, and more.clear communicationturtle beach continues to take team chat and player-to-player communication to new levels with features like mic monitoring, dynamic chat boost™, independent control of game and chat audio levels, and turtle beach’s premium high-sensitivity microphones that ensure your voice is heard loud and clear. comfort-driven designturtle beach headsets are designed to be lightweight and comfortable while delivering an amazing gaming audio experience. features like our unique aerofit™ cooling-gel infused memory foam ear cushions keep you cool in the heat of battle and prospecs™ glasses relief system alleviates pressure from glasses to allow you to play for hours in comfort. inclusive innovationturtle beach develops high-quality gaming headsets offering a variety of features across all price points. it doesn’t matter if you’re a noob or a pro, or something in between. we have a headset for every gamer out there, so get yours and start winning more with turtle beach. the mission our sole mission is to help gamers play their best — at every level, in every game. about turtle beach about contact us affiliate program digital accessibility ccpa form govx discount program student discount product software product registration contact support compatibility guide legacy products recall information reviews work from home headsets for school orders track order shipping information return policy warranty information terms of sale covid-19 update company about leadership press release stock price contact ir careers thank you! thanks for subscribing! you will receive an email with your 10% off code shortly. as part of our circle of trust, you’ll be the first to know of upcoming events, giveaways, new products and the latest turtle beach news, as well as special offers only available online at turtlebeach.com by signing up, you agree to turtle beach’s privacy policy and terms and conditions of use. join our community sign up and be the first to know about the latest news, deals and events. plus, new members receive 10% off the first order on turtle beach us! sign up i want to receive marketing emails from turtle beach. *required to submit form. facebook twitter instagram youtube terms & conditions | privacy policy | california privacy policy © turtle beach. all rights reserved. compare you can compare 3 items at a time - please remove 1 to add a new item. that item is already in the compare list. adding item to cart failed - please try again. network unavailable - please check your connection and try again. compare remove all share pre-order purchases cannot be combined with another purchase, including other headsets on pre-order. click continue to add this item to your cart and remove all other items currently in your cart. continue cancel