来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230234417/https://www.turtlebeach.com/pages/privacy
================================================================================

turtle beach® privacy policy skip to content free shipping on orders over $39 us gb de fr it es eu nl au nz 简中 繁中 jp kr sign-in cart ( items) original price discounted price qty remove subtotal: looking to place a large order (over 5 headsets)? get a quote! (due to our strict fraud policy, any high order quantities placed will automatically be rejected.) view cart checkout free shipping on all orders over $39 us gb de fr it es eu nl au nz 简中 繁中 jp kr search search turtle beach search rewards shop gear gamer gear xbox all xbox headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all xbox products playstation all playstation headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all playstation products switch all switch headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all switch products pc all pc headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all pc products roccat mice keyboards headsets mousepads accessories team turtle beach esport teams nrg esports chicago huntsmen vfl wolfsburg partnerships fifa estars fortnite influencers dr disrespect ali-a castro kickstradomis kaypea adept archonaut clare siobhan skyrroz erin ashley simon blackkrystel c6urt faburocks 88bitmusic ambassadors kevin de bruyne josh hart kevin porter jr. r.lum.r support tech xbox series x|s xbox one ps5 ps4 pc/mac nintendo switch software contact tech support product registration orders track order return policy shipping policy warranty policies contact us blog shopping guide shop team turtle beach support blog rewards search search turtle beach search cart ( items) original price discounted price qty remove subtotal: looking to place a large order (over 5 headsets)? get a quote! (due to our strict fraud policy, any high order quantities placed will automatically be rejected.) view cart checkout free shipping on all orders over $39 gear gamer gear xbox all xbox headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all xbox products playstation all playstation headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all playstation products switch all switch headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all switch products pc all pc headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all pc products roccat mice keyboards headsets mousepads accessories shopping guide esport teams nrg esports chicago huntsmen vfl wolfsburg partnerships fifa estars fortnite influencers dr disrespect ali-a castro kickstradomis kaypea adept archonaut clare siobhan skyrroz erin ashley simon blackkrystel c6urt faburocks 88bitmusic ambassadors kevin de bruyne josh hart kevin porter jr. r.lum.r tech xbox series x|s xbox one ps5 ps4 pc/mac nintendo switch software contact tech support product registration orders track order return policy shipping policy warranty policies contact us privacy policyby accessing or using the websites of turtle beach and its affiliates (collectively, the "site"), you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time. please check this page periodically for changes. your continued use of the site indicates your acceptance of any revised privacy policy. this privacy policy was most recently updated in december, 2017. customers from “europe” (eea, u.k. switzerland) should reference the respective privacy policy for their region: uk, it, es, fr, de, nl, eu general store website.collecting personal informationwho may collect personal information?we may collect personal information from the site or we may authorize third-party companies to collect personal information from the site on our behalf.what is personal information?we consider information that personally identifies you or that can be used to contact you (such as your name, email address or billing information), and any data that is linked to such information, to be personal information.what personal information is collected?when you purchase a product from the site, we may collect your name, mailing and billing address(es), telephone number, email address and/or credit card or checking account information.when you register a product, we may collect your name, address, telephone number and email address. when you join one of our mailing lists, we may collect your name and email address. when you contact our online customer support, we may collect your name, telephone number, email address and mailing address. when you register for contests or giveaways hosted by the site, we may collect your name, email address, telephone number, address and other information as specified in such contest or giveaway.how is personal information used by turtle beach?turtle beach collects and uses your personal information:to complete orders for products placed on the site and to communicate with you about such orders (for example, order and shipment confirmations)to respond to requests for support or otherwise provide customer service to inform you of other products or services available from turtle beach and its affiliates and about promotions and eventsto conduct research about your opinion of current products and services or of potential new products or services to notify you of the results of any contests or giveawaysto research and analyze data and trends to improve our products and servicesto send you important notices about the website, including updates to the terms of sale and terms of use.collecting non-personal informationin addition to your personal information, we may collect, or we may authorize third-party companies to collect on our behalf, information that, by itself, does not specifically identify you. this non-personal information is used to help us learn what products are of the most interest to users and to improve site design and content. some examples of non-personal information that we collect and use are: when you purchase a product, register a product or contact customer support, in addition to collecting personal information, we may obtain information about the products that you own or use.when you are using our site, we may log your ip address (a number that identifies your computer on the internet) for system administration and troubleshooting purposes and to examine overall site traffic trends.we use cookies (which are small data files stored on your computer) and other similar technologies to collect information about your activities on the site and to allow us to customize portions of the site to your preferences. for example, we may obtain information about which pages of the site you visit, what terms you use in searching the site and/or what products you purchase. in addition, we use cookies to remind us of who you are and to tailor our product selection to you, which helps personalize your experience on the site.the cookie, by itself, does not provide any personal information, such as your name or email address. you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. each browser is different, so check the "help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. however, you may not be able to use some features of the site if you set your browser to reject cookies. the information collected by cookies may be collected directly by us, or it may be collected by a third-party service provider. these data are anonymous and are not linked to any information that personally identifies you. in some jurisdictions, cookies can only be set or accessed with consent. your use of the site signifies your consent. non-personal information may be collected, used or disclosed for any purpose. in the event that any non-personal information is associated with your personal information, such information is also treated as personal information for purposes of this privacy policy. sharing your information & third party partnershipson occasion, turtle beach may share personal information collected from the site with selected third-party companies who assist turtle beach in providing products and services or in advertising, marketing and website analytics efforts or allow such third-party companies to collect personal information directly from the site. such information may include your name, address, email address and purchase information, which will help arrange product delivery, provide customer support or target marketing communications. such third parties have agreed to keep such information confidential and not use it to send advertisements or other communications on behalf of anyone other than turtle beach and its affiliates.turtle beach does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. turtle beach or the third-party companies that assist us with marketing may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. in those cases, your personal information is not transferred to the third party. co-branding turtle beach may enter into a "co-branding" relationship with another company or organization. at times, we may communicate with customers on behalf of that company and customers may be directed to a partner website to purchase a specific item or learn about their services. in these cases, both turtle beach and the partner company may receive personal information you provide and you should refer to the privacy policy of the "co-branding" partner to learn about how they handle your personal information. links from the site to third-party websites the site may contain links to third-party websites. turtle beach is not responsible for the content or the collection or use of personal information by such third-party websites. please refer to the privacy policies of the third-party website to learn about how they handle your personal information. links to the site from third-party websites turtle beach may use outside marketing companies to place advertisements or links to the site on third-party websites. the marketing company or the operator of such third-party website may collect information about people who click on an advertisement for or link to the site. turtle beach is not responsible for the collection or use of information by such marketing companies or third-party websites. please refer to their privacy policies to learn about how they handle your personal information.  accounts owned or controlled by third-parties you may choose to create accounts on websites or platforms owned or controlled by third-parties to purchase our products. these third parties may use your information for their own purposes, including for behavioral advertising and analytics purposes. turtle beach does not control and is not responsible for the collection, use or other processing of your information by these third parties through the accounts you create with them. please refer to their privacy policies to learn about how they handle your personal information. merger or acquisition; legal compliancein the event that turtle beach is merged with or acquired by another company, or in the event of a transfer of our assets, we may disclose or transfer personal information and other information about usage of the site in connection with such a transaction. you should also be aware that courts may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information and other information about usage of the site to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission. disclosure of your personal informationwe will not use or disclose your personal information except: (1) as described in this privacy policy; (2) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure; (3) if it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to turtle beach, or to others; (4) if we are required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a court order, search warrant, subpoena, civil discovery request, or statutory requirement); or (5) as we otherwise believe is required by law. our services are intended for customers in the united statesturtle beach’s server is located in the united states. we, as u.s. based company, do not solicit or knowingly collect personal data from individuals located outside of the united states through the site. if you are located outside the united states and choose to contact us and send us personal information voluntarily (e.g., by placing an order online via our site), please be advised that your personal information will be processed in the united states and that the protection of your personal information in the united states may be different from data protection in the country where you reside. where this occurs, you acknowledge and where required, consent to such transfer in accordance with this privacy policy.you are also advised to consider before you voluntarily send personal information to us that there might not be an independent data protection authority and/or safeguards of the data processing principles and/or safeguards of data subject rights in the united states as set forth under your data protection law, unless such rights are explicitly mentioned in this privacy policy. text marketing and notificationsby entering your phone number in the checkout and initializing a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form, or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. text marketing messages will not exceed 30 a month. you acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.if you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with stop to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you within any of our messages. you understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted for as a reasonable means of opting out. message and data rates may apply.for any questions please text help to the number you received the messages from. you can also contact us for more information. if you wish to opt-out please follow the procedures above.security of our sitewe use encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of the information that you share with us. once we receive your personal information via the site, we do our best to protect its security on our systems. for example, we protect personal information we gather on a secured server that is located behind a firewall. unfortunately, however, no transmission over the internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to or from the site, and you do so at your own risk. accordingly, we disclaim liability for any theft, loss, or interception of or any unauthorized access or damage to any data or communications. by using the site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. please keep in mind that if you disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through public forums and bulletin boards on the site, this information may be collected and used by others. you are responsible for the personal information that you choose to share on the site's public forums and bulletin boards. california privacy policyprivacy policy supplement applicable to residents of california and to which the california consumer privacy act currently applies (“ccpa supplement”)effective date: january 1, 2020last reviewed: december, 2019ccpa supplement scopeeffective date: january 1, 2020 last reviewed: december, 2019 click hereopting outwhile we hope that the information included in this privacy policy has helped you better understand how we use and protect your information to provide you with better service, we understand that you may still choose to not receive information from turtle beach or our partners. as a part of our commitment to your privacy, we agree to honor customers' requests not to receive mail or email from turtle beach. if you have previously opted to receive, or otherwise currently receive, promotional emails from us, you may unsubscribe by emailing webmaster@turtlebeach.com. within a reasonable period of time after unsubscribing, you will no longer receive marketing emails from turtle beach. you may still receive e-mails regarding your transactions, for example, confirming that you have placed an order or that a product you have ordered has shipped. children and privacythe site is not intended for or directed to children under the age of 16 years. we will never request personally identifiable information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 16 without verifiable parental consent. by using the site, you represent and warrant that you are at least 16 years old. if we become aware that a customer is under the age of 16 and has provided us with personal information, we will remove his or her personal information. a parent or legal guardian who needs to access, change or delete personal information regarding their child should contact webmaster@turtlebeach.com.  contact informationif you have any comments on or questions about this privacy policy or believe that turtle beach has not adhered to this privacy policy or any privacy law, please contact webmaster@turtlebeach.com. the mission our sole mission is to help gamers play their best — at every level, in every game. about turtle beach about contact us affiliate program digital accessibility ccpa form govx discount program student discount product software product registration contact support compatibility guide legacy products recall information reviews work from home headsets for school orders track order shipping information return policy warranty information terms of sale covid-19 update company about leadership press release stock price contact ir careers thank you! thanks for subscribing! you will receive an email with your 10% off code shortly. as part of our circle of trust, you’ll be the first to know of upcoming events, giveaways, new products and the latest turtle beach news, as well as special offers only available online at turtlebeach.com by signing up, you agree to turtle beach’s privacy policy and terms and conditions of use. join our community sign up and be the first to know about the latest news, deals and events. plus, new members receive 10% off the first order on turtle beach us! sign up i want to receive marketing emails from turtle beach. *required to submit form. facebook twitter instagram youtube terms & conditions | privacy policy | california privacy policy © turtle beach. all rights reserved. compare you can compare 3 items at a time - please remove 1 to add a new item. that item is already in the compare list. adding item to cart failed - please try again. network unavailable - please check your connection and try again. compare remove all share pre-order purchases cannot be combined with another purchase, including other headsets on pre-order. click continue to add this item to your cart and remove all other items currently in your cart. continue cancel