来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230234417/https://www.turtlebeach.com/pages/influencers
================================================================================

influencers - turtle beach® skip to content free shipping on orders over $39 us gb de fr it es eu nl au nz 简中 繁中 jp kr sign-in cart ( items) original price discounted price qty remove subtotal: looking to place a large order (over 5 headsets)? get a quote! (due to our strict fraud policy, any high order quantities placed will automatically be rejected.) view cart checkout free shipping on all orders over $39 us gb de fr it es eu nl au nz 简中 繁中 jp kr search search turtle beach search rewards shop gear gamer gear xbox all xbox headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all xbox products playstation all playstation headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all playstation products switch all switch headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all switch products pc all pc headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all pc products roccat mice keyboards headsets mousepads accessories team turtle beach esport teams nrg esports chicago huntsmen vfl wolfsburg partnerships fifa estars fortnite influencers dr disrespect ali-a castro kickstradomis kaypea adept archonaut clare siobhan skyrroz erin ashley simon blackkrystel c6urt faburocks 88bitmusic ambassadors kevin de bruyne josh hart kevin porter jr. r.lum.r support tech xbox series x|s xbox one ps5 ps4 pc/mac nintendo switch software contact tech support product registration orders track order return policy shipping policy warranty policies contact customer support blog about turtle beach about contact us affiliate program digital accessibility ccpa form govx discount program student discount product software product registration contact support compatibility guide legacy products recall information reviews work from home headsets for school orders track order shipping information return policy warranty information terms of sale covid-19 update company about leadership press release stock price contact ir careers shop team turtle beach support blog rewards search search turtle beach search cart ( items) original price discounted price qty remove subtotal: looking to place a large order (over 5 headsets)? get a quote! (due to our strict fraud policy, any high order quantities placed will automatically be rejected.) view cart checkout free shipping on all orders over $39 gear gamer gear xbox all xbox headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all xbox products playstation all playstation headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all playstation products switch all switch headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all switch products pc all pc headsets wired headsets wireless headsets sale refurbished headsets parts & accessories all pc products roccat mice keyboards headsets mousepads accessories esport teams nrg esports chicago huntsmen vfl wolfsburg partnerships fifa estars fortnite influencers dr disrespect ali-a castro kickstradomis kaypea adept archonaut clare siobhan skyrroz erin ashley simon blackkrystel c6urt faburocks 88bitmusic ambassadors kevin de bruyne josh hart kevin porter jr. r.lum.r tech xbox series x|s xbox one ps5 ps4 pc/mac nintendo switch software contact tech support product registration orders track order return policy shipping policy warranty policies contact customer support influencers & ambassadorsthe best gamers prefer turtle beachkevin de bruyne kevin de bruyne, 28, from belgium is considered one of the most complete footballers in the game. playing central midfielder for manchester city and the belgian national team, de bruyne is a key member of both squads as he helped belgium to a third-place finish in the 2018 world cup and was twice named manchester city’s player of the year (2016, 2018). most recently, de bruyne became the fastest player in epl history to reach 50 assists. when not on the pitch, de bruyne enjoys spending time with his family or playing video games to relax or competing against friends.dr disrespectthe one, the only, the back to back 93-94 blockbuster video game champion himself, dr disrespect. check out the fastest growing online gaming community, built on the pillars of speed, momentum, and unstoppable gaming athleticism. he is simply the best.ali-ain 2009 ali started uploading short gaming clips to his youtube channel and now seven years later has over 13 million people subscribed to his 2 channels and in excess of 2.8 billion video views. ali is one of the uk’s most popular entities and globally is at the forefront of the online and youtube revolution. he is the world’s number one call of duty youtuber but is also partial to a spot of pokemon hunting!castrocastro is the largest fifa streamer in the world, and has one of the best moustaches on the planet. catch him streaming, raising money for charity, and being one of the coolest guys on twitch. josh hartnew orleans pelicans guard, josh hart, recently finished his second season in the league, following a dominating performance in the nba summer league and 2018 nba summer league mvp honors. hart began playing video games as a child but as he got older and his competitive nature grew, it also became a way to keep in touch with friends socially. to enhance his gaming experience, hart has a personal gaming lounge, personalized by turtle beach, in his home. hart’s favorite games include fortnite, madden, nba 2k and battlefield v.kevin porter jr.a former usc standout, seattle-born kevin porter jr. was selected 30th overall in the first round of the 2019 nba draft. off the court, porter games on his xbox and plays nba 2k, gta, fortnite, apex, cod, fifa and many others. through this partnership with turtle beach, porter will soon start his own twitch account and elevate his gaming.kickstradomis sal amezcua aka kickstradomis, 33, from los angeles is a renowned artist and sneaker designer. kickstradomis has worked with the likes of superstar athletes such as james harden, karl towns, luka dončić , donovan mitchell, lebron james and more. he also has collaborated with celebrities such as robert downey jr, will smith, martin lawrence and ryan reynolds. huge companies such as sprite, amazon, ebay and several professional sports teams have tapped kickstradomis for campaigns. he has cemented his name as one of the top artists of his generation. in his free time, sal enjoys collecting sport cards, playing video games and enjoying time with his family.r.lum.r after r.lum.r’s 2015 single “show me” endeared fans worldwide, “frustrated” marked a major breakthrough in 2017, accumulating well over 50 million streams to date. since then, r.lum.r has been busy performing headline tours and festival dates throughout the u.s., europe, and asia, including bonnaroo, lollapalooza, both jimmy kimmel live! and vevo’s dscvr!, which gained r.lum.r critical endorsement of outlets like rolling stone, billboard, npr, vibe, and many more. kaypea kaypea is a full time league of legends twitch streamer and youtuber known for her self-deprecating humor, well-timed baron/dragon steals, and quick wits. she focuses on growing a multicultural and welcoming community by balancing being as interactive and positive as possible while still maintaining her quality mechanical gameplay. adeptthebest adept has had a passion for gaming her whole life with a main interest in fps games. she now shares and broadcasts that passion with her community as a full-time streamer on twitch. she has used and trusted turtle beach for nearly the past 10 years. archonautwe live in a world of boredom, safety, and familiarity; most people walk on eggshells, afraid to color outside the lines. with archonaut, you can rebel against the status-quo. you can witness unprecedented production quality and bask in the glory of the spiciest memes known to mankind.clare siobhan one of the world's most engaging sims 4 content creators clare siobhan leads a dedicated community of 'peacharoonies'. creating youtube gaming videos since 2014 clare now over 1.7 million subscribers on her own channel and also shares a popular channel with her fiancé ali-a. skyrroz skyrroz is one of the most recognizable faces in the french gaming scene. thanks to his eccentrics and constant fun, skyrroz has gained the trust of millions of subscribers on his social media accounts in france. proud creator of thousands of youtube videos on many games and twitch partner, skyrroz masters the art of the sniper on call of duty and other fps games. this is going to be fun!erin ashley simonerin ashley simon is a multi-media personality, host, and producer at the forefront of contemporary culture. erin leverages her deep rooted connections in the music, entertainment, and gaming industries to create content that highlights the intersection between gaming and pop culture. she currently hosts the download on venn, and has previously hosted cheddar esports programming. erin has produced and hosted a variety of media content for brands and organizations such as at&t, emls, the wall street journal, university of kentucky, cycle media and more. she continues to break barriers as one of the most prominent female personalities in the industry.blackkrystel blackkrystel is a multi-media personality, recording artist, host, producer, journalist and content creator exploring the intermingling of entertainment, geek and pop culture. after starting on youtube, she's been able to parlay that into a number of opportunities including producing and hosting for espn's collegiate esports championship. her journey has been documented by brands such as vice, essence, syfy, nylon, cnbc, afropunk, cbs and ign. currently blackkrystel is a producer of streaming content for various brands, while continuing to stream, record with the columbia imprint lost rings and cover the gaming industry. blackkrystel hopes to continue to be an ambassador to the world helping them to embrace and understand geek culture.c6urtney c6urtney, or also known as c6urt is a full time content creator partnered on mixer. c6urt is passionate about gaming and fitness and strives to inspire her fellow gamers to live a healthier, more energetic lifestyle. she can commonly be found at the gym making a fool of herself, crying on stream playing horror games, and exclaiming "what do you meeean?!" every time she dies in game. c6urt is a variety streamer, with two of her all time favourite games being fallout 4 and dying light.faburocks when you think of “family fun time” the first thing that comes to mind is getting together with friends and family for a fun console or board game.that’s what the #1 family stream team faburocks represents. fabudad having a race competition against fabu, where she’s taking all the shortcuts and ends up winning the race by saying ‘who’s #1 in this house?” and fabumom saying: gg in the chat everyone… who’s next?a truly unique experience that everyone wants to be part of.88bitmusic with live piano music, original chat-controlled games, and the most mind-meltingly over the top rendition of toto's "africa" ever made, 88bitmusic is creating the content that twitch never knew it needed. streaming out of his elaborate home studio in memphis, he constantly brings new things to the world of livestreaming with his unique brand of entertainment and top tier music skills. the mission our sole mission is to help gamers play their best — at every level, in every game. about turtle beach about contact us affiliate program digital accessibility ccpa form govx discount program student discount product software product registration contact support compatibility guide legacy products recall information reviews work from home headsets for school orders track order shipping information return policy warranty information terms of sale covid-19 update company about leadership press release stock price contact ir careers thank you! thanks for subscribing! you will receive an email with your 10% off code shortly. as part of our circle of trust, you’ll be the first to know of upcoming events, giveaways, new products and the latest turtle beach news, as well as special offers only available online at turtlebeach.com by signing up, you agree to turtle beach’s privacy policy and terms and conditions of use. join our community sign up and be the first to know about the latest news, deals and events. plus, new members receive 10% off the first order on turtle beach us! sign up i want to receive marketing emails from turtle beach. *required to submit form. facebook twitter instagram youtube terms & conditions | privacy policy | california privacy policy © turtle beach. all rights reserved. compare you can compare 3 items at a time - please remove 1 to add a new item. that item is already in the compare list. adding item to cart failed - please try again. network unavailable - please check your connection and try again. compare remove all share pre-order purchases cannot be combined with another purchase, including other headsets on pre-order. click continue to add this item to your cart and remove all other items currently in your cart. continue cancel