来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091221005349/http://www.annaslinens.com/content/5/terms-conditions.html
================================================================================

terms & conditions terms & conditions at annaslinens.com home order status store locator online gift registry shopping cart beddingcomforter setskids and teen beddingbed in a bagbedspreadsblanketsdown, feather and down alternative comfortersduvet coversquilts, throws and coverletssheets and sheet setsbed pillowsmattress padsfeatherbedsbed accessories bathbath collectionsbath towelsbath rugsshower curtainsbath accessories and storage windowpanels and drapeskitchen curtainstop treatmentsblinds and shadeshardwarebasic hardwaredecorative hardwareaccessories diningtablecloths, placemats and napkinsflatwaredinnerwareglassware kitchenbakewaremom invented décorslipcoversdecorative pillows and chairpadsrugs and outdoor matsstorage and organizationthrow blanketsshelvinggardenhome securitymom invented as seen on tvgift cardscurrent ad custom header - do not edit - do not edit this promo!!! push the back button on your browser and send change requests to lee! search call store for holiday hours sign up for special offers! search shop by brand select a brand -------------------------------- view all brands... -------------------------------- 10 speed press 8 in 1 a di alessi by alessi a.m.b. enterprises a.t.i. thermometers abc absolute global trading accessory zone acurel advanced vivarium systems / avs books home terms & conditions terms & conditions 1. general these general terms and conditions of use ("terms") are entered into by and between you and anna's linens. in consideration of your use of and access to this internet site (and the promises and obligations herein, and intending to be legally bound, you and anna's linens hereby agree as follows: your access to and use of the anna's linens site is subject to these terms, as well as any modifications issued by anna's linens to these terms, and all applicable laws and regulations. by using this site, you agree to and will be deemed to be bound by these terms. if you do not want to be bound by these terms, do not use the anna's linens site. among other things, anna's linens provides information concerning various products and services and the opportunity to obtain additional information concerning those products and services or to purchase them. these terms and the information provided in anna's linens in no way override the terms and conditions of your purchase of any product or service except as specifically provided herein. to the extent any area within anna's linens contains specific terms and conditions concerning its use ("specific terms"), those specific terms are in addition to these terms. to the extent there is a direct conflict between these terms and the specific terms, the specific terms shall prevail. 2. changes in terms anna's linens shall have right at any time and without prior notice, at its sole discretion, to revise these terms or to impose new terms and conditions with respect to access to or use of anna's linens. such revisions and additions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means, including but not limited to posting the revised or additional terms and conditions on anna's linens. you are responsible for reviewing (website name) periodically for any modification to this agreement that may affect your rights or obligations hereunder. you agree that you shall be deemed to be apprised of and bound by any modification by anna's linens to these terms. any access or use of this site by you after notice of revisions or additions to these terms shall constitute and be deemed to be your agreement to such revisions or additions. no modification to these terms by any party other than anna's linens shall be valid or enforceable against anna's linens unless expressly agreed to by anna's linens in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of anna's linens. 3. termination these terms are effective until terminated by anna's linens. anna's linens may terminate these terms without notice and at any time. in the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access anna's linens and the restrictions imposed on you with respect to the content, and the disclaimers, indemnities, and limitations of liabilities set forth in these terms shall survive termination. anna's linens shall also have the right without notice and at any time to terminate anna's linens or any portion thereof, or any products or services offered through anna's linens, or to terminate any individual's right to access or use anna's linens or any portion thereof. 4. compliance with laws you agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of anna's linens and your purchase of the items on anna's linens. 5. content the text, images, photographs, graphics, logos, illustrations, descriptions, data, and other material provided on anna's linens , as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are referred to collectively as the "content." the content may contain errors, omissions, or typographical errors or may be out of date. anna's linens may change, delete, or update any content at any time and without prior notice. the content is provided for informational purposes only and is not binding on anna's linens in any way except to the extent it is specifically indicated to be so. unless otherwise noted, all content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights that are owned by anna's linens or by third parties that have licensed their use to anna's linens. you may view and use the content only for your personal information and for shopping and ordering on anna's linens, and for no other purpose, and you shall retain intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. except as provided in the foregoing, anna's linens does not grant to you or any person any right to use, reproduce, copy, modify, transmit, display, publish, sell, license, create derivative works, publicly perform, or distribute by any means, method, or process whatsoever, now known or hereafter developed, any of the content on or transmitted through the anna's linens , including without limitation by transferring, downloading or otherwise copying any content onto any disk drive or other storage medium. any use of the content, except as specifically permitted in these terms or as otherwise expressly permitted in the content or in writing signed by anna's linens, is strictly prohibited. 6. linked third party sites links to other internet sites operated by third parties, including anna's linens vendors, do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by anna's linens of the content, policies, or practices of such linked sites. linked sites are not operated, controlled, or maintained by anna's linens , and anna's linens is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of linked sites, including without limitation privacy policies and practices. links to other sites are provided for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. 7. prices; ordersannaslinens.com works hard to provide you with the lowest prices possible on annaslinens.com as well as in our stores. sometimes a price online does not match the price in a store. in an effort to be the lowest price provider, store pricing will sometimes differ from online prices. our stores do not honor internet pricing and in turn, annnaslinens.com does not honor in store pricing.annaslinens.com reserves the right to limit the order quantity on any item and to refuse service to any customer without prior notification. in the event that a product or service is listed at an incorrect price due to supplier pricing information or typographical error, annaslinens.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, annaslinens.com shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.all prices displayed on annaslinens.com are quoted in u.s. dollars. annaslinens.com may restrict delivery to addresses within the united states and canada. annaslinens.com will add shipping and handling fees and applicable sales/use tax. annaslinens.com reserves the right without prior notice to discontinue or change specifications and prices on products and services offered on annaslinens.com without incurring any obligation to you. products displayed on this site are available while supplies last. descriptions of, or references to, products or services on annaslinens.com do not imply endorsement of that product or service, or constitute a warranty by annaslinens.com. the receipt by you of an order confirmation does not constitute annaslinens.com acceptance of an order. prior to annaslinens.com acceptance of an order, verification of information may be required. annaslinens.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order, or any portion thereof, even after your receipt of an order confirmation from annaslinens.com, for any reason.annaslinens.com strives to provide accurate product and pricing information; however pricing or typographical errors may occur. annaslinens.com cannot confirm the price of an item until after you order. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, annaslinens.com has the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. in the event that an item is mispriced, annaslinens.com may either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of the cancellation. 8. disclaimer and limitation of liability as to this site and content anna's linens makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with respect to the anna's linens site or any linked site or its content, including the availability of any site or the content, information and materials on it or the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of that content, information and materials. anna's linens also does not warrant or represent that your access to or use of anna's linens or any linked site will be uninterrupted or free of errors or omissions, that defects will be corrected, or that anna's linens or any linked site is free of computer viruses or other harmful components. without limiting the foregoing, all content provided on this site is provided to users "as is," with no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, security or accuracy. the "as is" condition of content is expressly made a condition of any transaction arising through or as a result of anna's linens. please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. under no circumstances shall anna's linens , its suppliers or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents be liable to you or to any third party for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, or punitive damages, whether in contract or in tort, including negligence, arising in any way out of access to or use of or inability to access or use anna's linens or any linked site or its contents, including but not limited to lost profits, business interruption, or loss of programs or other data on computer systems or otherwise, even if anna's linens is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. 9. disclaimer and limitation of liability as to products and services we want you to be completely satisfied with your anna's linens purchase. if for any reason you are not entirely pleased with a product you purchased on anna's linens, simply return the item within 30 days of receipt for exchange or full refund of the purchase price. refunds will be issued in the same method as the order was paid. after 30 days, all returns, replacements, service, and support must be handled directly between you and the manufacturer. many products are packaged with the manufacturer's warranty and service information detailing specific terms and conditions. manufacturers' warranties may vary from product to product. all products and services sold by anna's linens are subject to any applicable warranties and representations of their respective manufacturers, including but not limited to year 2004 compliance. accordingly, anna's linens makes no representation or warranty with respect to any product or service sold. except as expressly stated herein, anna's linens expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to products and services sold on anna's linens , including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. under no circumstances shall anna's linens , its suppliers or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents be liable to you or to any third party for any indirect, consequential, incidental, special, or punitive damages, including but not limited to lost profits and business interruption, whether in contract or in tort, including negligence, arising in any way from any product or service sold or provided on anna's linens , even if anna's linens is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event shall anna's linens's liability exceed the price you paid for the product or service that is the subject of the claim. 10. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless anna's linens, anna's linens's vendors, and their affiliates and related entities and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, and costs (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs), arising out of or relating to your breach of these terms or your access to or use of anna's linens. the foregoing indemnification obligation shall survive termination of these terms and anna's linens and any product or service provided to you arising out of or relating to your use of anna's linens. shopping cart careers affiliates buying guides about us store locator contact us in-store promotions online gift registry shipping information terms & conditions help & faqs military discount privacy & security © 2010 annaslinens.com. all rights reserved.