来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101228080431/https://www.annaslinens.com/content/6/help-faqs.html
================================================================================

help & faqs help & faqs at annaslinens.com home order status store locator online gift registry help & faqs shopping cart beddingcomforter setskids and teen beddingbed in a bagbedspreadsblanketsdorm roomdown, feather and down alternative comfortersduvet coversquilts, throws and coverletsdaybed setsheets and sheet setsbed pillowsmattress padsfeatherbedsbed accessories bathbath collectionsbath towelsbath rugsshower curtainsbath accessories windowpanels and drapeskitchen curtainstop treatmentsblinds and shadeshardwarebasic hardwaredecorative hardwareaccessories diningtablecloths, placemats and napkinsdinnerwareglassware kitchenbakewarecookwaretoolshousewareelectricsmom invented décorslipcoversdecorative pillows and chairpadsrugs and outdoor matsdecorative accessoriesthrow blanketsshelvingfurniture mattressmorestorage and organizationgardenhome security current adsalesale bathsale beddingsale moresale window custom header - do not edit - do not edit this promo!!! push the back button on your browser and send change requests to lee! select state... alabama arizona california washington d.c. florida georgia illinois louisiana maryland mississippi north carolina new jersey new mexico nevada pennsylvania south carolina texas virginia wisconsin search shop by brand select a brand -------------------------------- view all brands... -------------------------------- 10 speed press 8 in 1 a di alessi by alessi a.m.b. enterprises a.t.i. thermometers abc absolute global trading accessory zone acurel advanced vivarium systems / avs books home help & faqs help & faqs ordering-account access problems-placing an order-canceling my order -check gift card balance -sales tax -security returns-30-day money-back guarantee-credit-return instructions-returning an oversized item shipping-shipping options-shipping outside the united states-shipping to a p.o. box-track packages-order status-shipping chargesmiscellaneous-about anna's linens-contact information-product warrantiescontact us-via email  ordering account access problemsrecently we upgraded our website and pre-existing accounts may have been deactivated. please register again to enjoy the new annaslinens.com. if you continue to have problems accessing your account please contact us and explain the problem in detail.back to topplacing an orderordering online with annaslinens.com is as easy as 1,2,3. first, browse through our selection of exciting items and choose the item(s) you would like to purchase. then add the item to your shopping cart and proceed shopping or continue to check out. that's it! it's that easy.back to topcanceling my order after you have clicked "place order," your order begins to process and you cannot make any online changes to your order. to change or cancel your order prior to shipment, you must contact a customer service representative at 866-266-2728. please note that most orders process quickly and can enter the shipping process within minutes. if your order has already entered the shipping process, it cannot be changed or canceled. back to top sales tax annaslinens.com is required by law to charge appropriate sales tax for orders with ship to addresses where annas linens has a store. back to top checking gift card balance click here to check the balance of your annas linens' gift card. back to top security absolutely! we use secure socket layer (ssl) encryption to ensure that your personal information cannot be intercepted and read by a third party. your personal information and your credit card information are converted into bits of code that are transmitted securely. none of our customers have ever reported fraudulent use of their credit card information as a result of giving it to us over the web, but if you ever suspect that your credit card information is being used without your knowledge, you should contact your credit card company immediately.back to topreturns 30-day money-back guarantee we want you to be fully satisfied with every item that you purchase online from anna's linens. if you are not satisfied with an item that you have purchased online, you may return the item within 30 days for a full refund of the purchase price, minus the shipping, handling, gift wrap, or other charges. in case of a return that is not a result of an error from the vendor or a shipping error, they will be charged shipping amount incurred.the item must be returned in good condition, in original packaging (whenever possible), and with all paperwork, parts and accessories to ensure full credit. laundered items will not be accepted.back to top  credit you can expect a refund within 30 days of our receiving your returned product. you will be refunded the shipping cost if the return is a result of a manufacturer error or a shipping error on our part. back to top  return instructions the packing slip in your package will contain detailed instructions for returning an item. here are the basic steps: please refer to your packing slip for return information. pack the item securely in the original package, if possible. enclose one copy of the packing list with the item. be sure to keep one copy of the packing list for your records. if you cannot send your packing list, please include your order number, billing name, and address with the item all products must be returned in good condition, in original packaging (whenever possible), and with all paperwork, parts and accessories to ensure full credit. all return shipping charges must be prepaid. we cannot accept c.o.d. deliveries. in case of a return that is not a result of an error from the vendor or a shipping error, they will be charged shipping amount incurred. for your protection, we recommend that you use upsground or insured parcel post for your return. unless your packing slip directs you to ship an item to a different address (and if so, follow such directions), ship the return package to: anna's linensc/o internet return department10851 imperial highwaynorwalk, ca 90650keep the return tracking number from the package you are returning to ensure that the package is returned to the warehouse. you can expect a refund within 30 days of our receiving your returned product. you will be refunded the shipping cost if the return is a result of a manufacturer error or a shipping error on our part. back to top  returning an oversized item we cover shipping charges on returned oversized items only if the item arrives at the designated shipping address defective or damaged. we do not cover shipping charges on oversized items that are returned due to "buyer remorse." please note: shipping charges can be expensive for oversized items. follow these steps to return an oversized item: the item(s) must be unassembled and packaged securely. if possible, please package item(s) in original package. enclose one copy of the packing list with the item. be sure to keep one copy of the packing list for your records. contact a customer service representative to receive instructions on arranging for a freight delivery company to pick-up your item(s). please have your order number available when you call. you must be home at the time of pick-up and the item(s) must be at the door for the freight driver. you can expect a refund within 30 business days of our receiving the item(s). you will be refunded the shipping cost if the return is a result of a manufacturer error or our error. * please note: if there is extensive damage to an item upon delivery, email a customer service representative. back to top shipping shipping options we currently offer standard ground service. if you choose ups home most of our customers in the contiguous u.s. receive their orders in just 5 to 7 business days. we are sorry, but we do not offer saturday or sunday delivery. for complete ups shipping information visit www.ups.com.back to topshipping outside the united states annaslinens.com will ship your order to any location within the contiguous united states. for complete shipping information, visit our shipping rate chart.back to topshipping to a p.o. box we're sorry, but you must provide us with a valid residential address in order to accommodate your request. for more information regarding ups shipping requirements, please visit their web site at www.ups.com.back to toptrack packagesfind the ups tracking number in the e-mail we sent you confirming that your order has been shipped. use that number at www.ups.com to check the status of your order online. it may take 24 hours before tracking information appears on the ups's web site. if your order appears late, remember:credit card approval must be received prior to processing. overnight orders placed after 12 noon est are processed the following day. overnight delivery only occurs on business days (mondays through fridays, excluding holidays). back to top  order statusyou can look at past and pending orders. you must be a registered customer to use order status. click here to check your order status.also, you will receive two e-mails after you have placed your order and provided us with a valid e-mail address: the first confirms that your order has been received (your order confirmation number will be included); this e-mail should arrive within approximately 24 hours. the second confirms that your order has been shipped (any tracking information will be included); this e-mail should arrive within approximately 24 hours following authorization of your credit card and verification of your information. back to top  shipping charges your shipping charges will appear in the box marked "shipping charges" at checkout for your convenience. for complete shipping information before you check out, please review our shipping rate chart.back to topmiscellaneous about anna's linens anna's linens strives to offer the greatest selection and prices from major home furnishing brand names.back to topcontact information we welcome any comments, suggestions and ideas that will make your shopping experience, either online or in our stores, enjoyable. tell us how we can help by contacting us at anna's linens guest service. we would love to hear from you! back to topproduct warranties many of the items that are sold on anna's linens come with a manufacturer's warranty. for additional information on the manufacturer's warranty for a specific product, please contact the manufacturer directly. back to top shopping cart careers affiliates buying guides sweepstakes rules about us store locator contact us in-store promotions online gift registry shipping information terms & conditions help & faqs military discount privacy & security © 2011 annaslinens.com. all rights reserved.