来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121227080349/http://www.agrisupply.com/terms-of-use/a/261/
================================================================================

terms of use | agri supply agri supply® serving you since 1962 read about our guarantee! where we have something for everyone! call us 800-345-0169 home log in my account track your shipment cart (0 items) $0.00 search popular searches ag & tillage ag & tillage farm machinery parts pto shafts accessories sprayers pumps and parts tillage tractor accessories shop more ag & tillage farm machinery implements farm machinery parts hydraulics pto shafts accessories sprayers pumps and parts tillage tobacco transplant harvest tractor accessories 3-pt. implements 3-pt. implements bale movers fertilizer spreaders mowers estate mowers rotary post hole diggers shop more 3-pt. implements backhoes and parts bale movers cultivators fertilizer spreaders harrows spike tooth and disc irrigation parts landscape rakes mixers mowers estate mowers rotary post hole diggers sickle mower parts trailer movers wagons cooking supplies cooking supplies burners & regulators cast iron cookware cookers parts & acc. seasonings and sauces stew pots shop more cooking supplies big utensils burners & regulators cast iron cookware cookbooks aprons cookers parts & acc. cooking accessories dutch ovens and enamelware food packaging gas and propane acessories griddles and woks grill accessories grilling planks and covers grills and grill accessories kettles kitchen accessories miscellaneous kitchen plates cups utensils pots seasonings and sauces silicone bakeware skillets woks stew pots lawn & garden lawn & garden gardening supplies mower blades pecan gatherers sprayers weed killer shop more lawn & garden aerators axes batton tape blowers power bow saws bug killers and repellants bulb planters carts chain saw bars chain chain saw files acc. dusters edgers fertilizer foggers forks pitch fruit netting gas cans grass and weed control grass seed handles hay hooks hedge clippers hand herbicides hoes hose nozzles parts hose reels lawn edging lawnmower/engine parts lime pond management truck accessories truck accessories dock bumpers chocks fuel pumps & nozzles hitches and accessories transfer tanks truck steps shop more truck accessories american aluminum toolboxes bed mats brake controllers delta toolboxes and parts dog boxes fuel pumps & nozzles geneva toolboxes gun racks hitches and accessories hood latches ladder racks misc truck accessories pintle hooks and mounts rawson toolboxes and parts siderail protectors slings lifting splash guards suv cargo caddy tailgate covers tailgate protectors tie downs tow hooks tow straps transfer tanks truck hoists truck stake fasteners united welding toolboxes and parts winches power winches truck body wiring connectors sporting goods sporting goods camping items deer feeders deer stands accessories meat choppers targets shop more sporting goods air rifles almanacs calendar books atv covers batteries flashlights boots camping items canning supplies & misc compasses coolers deer feeders deer stands accessories fishing supplies flashlights game fish traps game seasonings gun accessories gun racks gun safes handwarmers imported knife & kitchen acc. knives meat choppers misc hunting supplies outdoor apparel outdoor furniture radios mobile sauces and marinades sporting fishing glasses spotlights wildlife attractants truck boxes truck boxes american aluminum toolboxes delta toolboxes and parts imported toolboxes and parts rawson toolboxes and parts united welding toolboxes and parts shop more truck boxes american aluminum toolboxes delta toolboxes and parts geneva toolboxes imported toolboxes and parts rawson toolboxes and parts united welding toolboxes and parts shop supplies shop supplies bottle jacks creepers hand trucks dollies hand & power tools service jacks shop more shop supplies bottle jacks casters creepers engine stands fans hand trucks dollies heater parts hydraulic jacks acc jack stands loctite threadlockers pallet jacks service jacks space heater repair parts space heaters tape utility mats vises new products top 12 products asc brand products browse categories ag & tillageconstruction/surveyor suppliescooking suppliesfastenershome lawn and gardenlivestock and petsoils & greasesplumbing and electricalshop and toolsporting goods/marinetarps coverstrailerstruck towing and auto featuring asc gift cardscooking suppliesmower blades need disc blades? from 12" to 26" plain & notched we're hiring! store locations & hours contact agri supply email signup free newsletter available advanced signup here » your browser does not support iframes. catalog quick order order from your catalog add order multiple products » terms of use terms of use agri supply provides this website as a benefit to you, our valued customers. we encourage you to browse the site's pages, shop, and make comments and suggestions as frequently as you would like; subject to the terms and conditions outlined below. disclaimer of warranties and limitations of liability agri supply does not warrant that the use of this website, the operation or function of the website, or any services offered through or from the website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or its server are free of viruses or other harmful elements. by using this website, you agree that your access will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this legal notice and that access is undertaken at your own risk. agri supply shall not be liable for damages of any kind related to your use of or inability to access this site. if you are dissatisfied with the site, its contents, or any of these terms, we would like to hear from you. your sole and exclusive legal remedy, however, is to stop using the website. this site and all contents of this site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. agri supply assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of our website. your use of this website is at your own risk. agri supply, its suppliers, successors, or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this website's contents will not be liable to you, or any other person for any indirect, direct, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising from your access to or use of this website. website pricing prices may and will vary among the website, agri supply stores, and agri supply catalog (buyer’s guide) and prices are not guaranteed to be matched at the time of purchase. the prices displayed on the website are quoted in u.s. dollars and are valid and effective only within the united states. prices shown on the website do not include any shipping and handling fees or sales taxes unless otherwise stated on the site. if shipping and handling fees or sales tax are applicable to the order, they will be added to your total invoice price. you are responsible for the payment of any shipping and handling charges and state and local sales or use taxes that may apply to your order. quantity limitations please note that our receipt of an order via website, email, post/mail, fax or telephone and our confirmation of its receipt do not constitute acceptance or guarantee fulfillment of that order. any and all products included on our website are only available while supplies last. while we diligently strive to fulfill all our orders as efficiently as possible, we cannot promise that all of the items featured on our site will be available at the time of sale. accuracy of information agri supply reserves the right to amend errors or to update product information at any time without prior notice. in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to photographical error, typographical error, or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, agri supply shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. cancelation of orders agri supply reserves the right to refuse or cancel orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, agri supply will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. if agri supply needs to cancel your order, we will keep you fully informed and try to offer you an alternative choice, if appropriate. we will not send you substitute items without your consent. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold agri supply, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, licensors, and suppliers harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site. links to third party sites links to other sites are provided as a convenience to you. all use of outside links is at your sole risk. agri supply is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, and disclaims all liability for any injury or injuries which you may experience by using third party links. copyright & trademarks all of the content on this website, including, but not limited to, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, and text, are subject to trademark, copyright, and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by agri supply, or by third parties who have licensed their materials to agri supply. agri supply owns u.s. trademark registration nos. 1,101,181; 1,520,295, and 3,264,770 for the agri supply mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 3,246,725 for the asc mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 3,739,258 for the agri wear mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 3203742 for the carolina cookers mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 3246726 for the carolina covers mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 2396395 for the grizzly mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 2286337 for the agri-direct mark, and u.s. trademark registration no. 1804267 for the agmate mark. all content on the agrisupply.com website is copyrighted as a collective work under u.s. copyright laws. the content of the agrisupply.com website and the website as a whole are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. you may download, print, and store selected portions of the content, provided that (1) copies of the content are for your own personal use and you do not use the content for any commercial use, (2) you do not copy or post the content on any computer network or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) you do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of downloading content from the agrisupply.com website. agri supply reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights for all content downloaded from our website. except as specifically enumerated above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer, or create derivative works from the content of the website without first obtaining written permission from agri supply. use of the agrisupply.com website does not grant a license in any of agri supply’s intellectual property, with exception to the uses specifically enumerated above. website security by using this website you agree not to violate or attempt to violate the website’s security. this includes, but is not limited to, your agreement not to (1) access or log onto servers, data, or accounts you have not been authorized to access; (2) take any action to determine vulnerabilities in the system, network, security, or authentication processes of this website; (3) take any action that would interrupt or interfere with the service of this website or the users hereof, including but not limited to spamming, submitting trojans, worms, or viruses to the website and/or its servers, flooding the servers, or taking any other action to crash the website; (4) use the website, servers, or network for agrisupply.com to send unsolicited or forged email or any other tcp/ip packet. shipping & handling all shipping prices listed on this website are for sales and shipments within the united states only. for sales or shipping outside the united states, call agri supply directly to determine availability and pricing. all international shipments are subject to the export regulations and laws of the united states of america. products that are subject to export restrictions, such as certain technologies or fertilizers, are not available for our international customers unless those customers first receive the proper licenses from the united states government. choice of law and forum by using this website, you agree that the laws of the state of north carolina shall govern any dispute between you and agri supply related to this website, including disputes regarding transactions conducted through the website. you further agree that the courts of the state of north carolina shall provide the exclusive forum to resolve the aforementioned disputes. copyright © 1997 - 2013 agri supply. all rights reserved. all offers are subject to product availability; quantities are limited. internet pricing may differ from store pricing. see the complete agri supply terms of use. agri supply started as a family owned group of farm stores back in 1962, based in garner, north carolina. over fifty years later, our website now offers a huge selection of farm supplies, hand and power tools, lawn and garden supplies, and more - with over 26,000 items and counting, we really do have something for everyone! popular categories: cast iron cookware & cooking supplies | deer feeders | deer stands | delta pickup truck toolboxes | electric fencing & field fencing | farm machinery replacement parts | fimco sprayers | grass & weed control | lawn mower blades | lawn mower parts | livestock supplies & feed | notched disc harrow blades | plain disc harrow blades | pto shafts & pto parts | sprayers & sprayer parts | tractor parts & accessories | truck toolboxes asc home page about agri supply request a catalog view online catalog privacy policy email privacy policy index+ agri supply guarantee contact agri supply asc gift cards request a quote careers w/agri supply customer communication recall notice retail store locations online shopping cart about ssl certificates questions - faq helpful links printable order form track your shipment terms of use visitors since 1997! ag & tillage (7967) farm machinery implements (565) farm machinery parts (2791) hydraulics (362) pto shafts accessories (558) sprayers pumps and parts (1469) tillage (900) tobacco transplant harvest (909) tractor accessories (465) construction/surveyor supplies (155) bar ties and twisters (7) burlap (5) catch basins (9) cement mix (2) coolers (18) flags marking (21) flags safety (1) ladders scaffolding (2) levels (1) lifting slings (19) mailboxes (3) mixers cement (6) outdoor apparel (1) parking bumpers (2) sand (6) silt fence (22) torches drip (5) wheelbarrows (16) wheels measuring (8) cooking supplies (390) big utensils (8) burners & regulators (35) cast iron cookware (52) cookbooks aprons (10) cookers parts and accessories (41) cooking accessories (13) dutch ovens and enamelware (16) food packaging (12) gas and propane acessories (8) griddles and woks (7) grill accessories (13) grilling planks and covers (11) grills and grill accessories (37) kettles (3) kitchen accessories (20) miscellaneous kitchen (9) plates cups utensils (37) pots (45) seasonings and sauces (52) silicone bakeware (22) skillets woks (16) stew pots (18) fasteners (1538) anchors (23) bolts carriage (58) bolts galvanized (50) bolts packaged (54) bolts screws grade 2 hex head (161) bolts screws grade 5 hex head (108) braces and brackets (12) brass screws (25) castle nuts nc zinc (2) cotter pins (27) deck screws (4) eyebolts (22) grade 8 hex bolts and nuts-yellow (29) hasps (7) hinges (22) hooks (11) key stock (2) locknuts with nylon inserts (18) loctite threadlockers (44) metric cap screws (61) metric lock nuts with nylon insert (6) metric nuts nc (6) nails (81) nuts galvanized (5) nuts hex head (52) padlocks door locks (26) pan tapping screws (8) piano hinges (5) screwhooks (12) self tapping screws (40) sheet metal screws (2) square head bolts (1) square head nuts (2) stainless steel fasteners (201) steel aluminum (18) steel flat (14) steel rounds unthreaded (10) stove bolts (20) threaded rod (37) turnbuckles (9) u-bolts (26) washers flat and lock (68) washers galvanized (7) washers metric lock and flat (12) wing nuts (11) wood screws (14) home lawn and garden (4614) cleaning supplies (133) clothes belts (546) gasoline engines and parts (64) homeowner supplies (127) lawn & garden (1887) lawnmower parts (2180) safety (145) signs (147) toys (68) livestock and pets (1179) buckets baskets scoops (94) fencing (384) livestock (520) pet supplies (255) oils & greases (174) antifreeze (2) belt dressing (1) chain saw bar oil (1) fuel treatments (21) funnels (1) gear oil (1) grease (7) grease fittings (26) grease guns pumps (30) o rings (45) oilers (10) outboard motor oil (1) penetrating oil (17) shop hose reels (7) transmission fluid (1) two cycle oil (2) plumbing and electrical (1429) electrical supplies (347) pipe and supplies (123) plumbing supplies (968) shop and tool (2980) air compressors fittings (225) paint (269) pressure washers (136) rope cable chain (309) shop supplies (287) tarps covers (131) tools hand and power (1490) welding supplies (157) sporting goods/marine (1129) boating marine (261) sporting goods (871) tarps covers (131) grommets (10) hay sleeve covers (7) quick shades quick shelters (8) s-hooks (15) straps bungee cords (18) tarps (73) trailers and trailer parts (994) brake assemblies (13) brake controllers (20) buddy bearings (12) connector nuts and ties (35) couplers (53) dust caps (1) fenders (12) fuses (4) hitch bars (1) hitches and accessories (2) hub assemblies (39) import ball coupler (9) lens (18) mirrors (29) mobile home jacks (6) pintle hooks and mounts (6) ramps (11) reflectors (20) spindle assemblies (37) stall mats (1) switches and flashers (3) tie downs (47) tire and tubes (11) tire carriers (3) tire changing tools (8) tow hooks (6) trailer axles and parts (65) trailer balls (21) trailer jacks and parts (48) trailer lights (100) trailer springs (19) trailer wire (20) trailers and trailer kits (46) trimmer equipment (1) tubes (14) utility lights and bulbs (61) wheel studs (8) wheels (18) winches hand (28) winches truck body (6) wiring connectors (147) truck towing and auto (2316) automotive and batteries (523) tires (27) trailers and trailer parts (994) truck accessories (860) tubes (1) wheel and tire assemblies (34) wheels (25)