来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141225195325/http://www.agrisupply.com/terms-of-use/a/261/
================================================================================

terms of use | agri supply agri supply ® more than just a farm store! call us 800-345-0169 home log in my account track your shipment cart (0 items) $0.00 search popular searches farm machinery implements farm machinery implements estate mowers fertilizer spreaders bale movers, forks, spears, & more cultivators rotary mowers shop more farm machinery implements 3 pt planters & accessories 3 pt post hole diggers 3 pt scoops aerators augers grain transport augers grain utility bale movers, forks, spears, & more booms box scrapers clean up rake. land grader cultivators disc bedders disc mowers fertilizer spreaders hay rakes hay tedders landscape rakes middle busters & subsoilers mixers moldboard plows estate mowers rotary mowers slider scraper blades spike, disc and drag harrows rotary tillers trailer movers agricultural & tillage agricultural & tillage farm machinery parts pto shafts accessories sprayers, pumps, parts, & accessories tillage tractor accessories shop more agricultural & tillage bale spears, bushings, & parts box blade parts buckets, baskets, & scoops disc blades farm machinery parts fencing hydraulics livestock pet supplies pto shafts accessories rotary mower parts sprayers, pumps, parts, & accessories tillage tobacco transplant harvest top links tractor accessories tractor quick hitches water tanks, troughs, & tubs lawn & garden lawn & garden mower blades sprayers herbicides, grass, & weed control spindles pesticides shop more lawn & garden air filters baskets and covers beekeeping supplies belts bird feeders & feed fertilizer gas cans gas trimmers , parts gasoline engines grass seed hose nozzles parts hose reels lime oil filters pine straw rakes pitch forks plant supports pond management pressure washer quick shades & quick shelters quill, quill assembles seats seeders spreaders starter motor sweepers & parts water hose wheelbarrows wheels woodsplitter & parts cooking cooking burners cookers, fryers regulators & hoses stock pots, cooking pots grill smoker and accessories shop more cooking bbq accessories canning supplies cast iron enamel cookware cookbooks, preserving cooking oils, oil pump cookware, pans cutting boards dehydrators, jerky guns discada disc blade wok dutch ovens & accessories food preparation tools griddles grinders, slicers, & tenderizers ice cream maker & accessories kettles, plates, mugs kitchen accessories knife and tool sharpeners knife sets, knives, shears meat saws & accessories pressure cookers propane cylinders, acc. roasters seasoning, sauces, accessories silicone cookeware skillets, woks, fajita storage containers strainers, baskets, paddles thermometers, timers utensils, fork, spoon wash, stew pots shop & tool shop & tool lubricants air compressors fittings cleaning supplies hand & power tools fasteners shop more shop & tool air compressors antifreeze & testers bar & chain oil bottle jacks cement mix cleaners & degreasers fasteners fuel & motor treatments gear oil grease grease guns, pumps grinders ground cover, excelso matting hand cleaners hoists hydraulic oil oil oil dri, spill cleaners, & sweep compound pallet jacks penetrating oil propane torch kits and accessories service jacks shop towels and rags socket sets imported space heaters starting fluid tool boxes & accessories two cycle oil welders and accessories wrench sets trailers & tires trailers & tires trailers and trailer accessories wheel and tire assemblies tires hub assemblies trailer jacks and parts shop more trailers & tires bearing buddy® brake assemblies brake controllers couplers dust caps fenders import ball coupler lens lug wrenches reflectors spindle assemblies tie downs tire carriers tire irons & tools tire repairs tire tubes trailer axles and parts trailer balls trailer hardware hitch bars trailer lights trailer springs trailer wire trailers and trailer accessories trimmer equipment racks utility lights and bulbs wheel studs wheels winches hand wiring connectors truck accessories truck accessories fuel pumps & nozzles hitches and accessories transfer tanks uws toolboxes and parts batteries shop more truck accessories american aluminum toolboxes battery cables and clamps battery chargers bed mats booster cables brushes & squeegees bulbs cargo nets covers delta toolboxes and parts dock bumpers chocks dog boxes floor liners mats funnels fuses gaskets geneva toolboxes hood latches ladder racks loading ramps mirrors spark plugs splash guards switches tie downs toolboxes and parts tow straps truck hoists truck steps winches power winches truck body hunting hunting outdoor apparel footwear deer stands and accessories wildlife attractants gun safes shop more hunting air guns & slingshots hunting apparel atv hunting accessories coolers deer feeders & food plot deer stands and accessories flashlights footwear game & fish traps gun accessories gun racks gun safes hand warmers and gloves headwear & head gear hearing protection hunting blinds insect repellents knives meat processing supplies miscellaneous hunting outerwear radios mobile rain gear scouting cameras spent cartridge pick up tool spotlights targets and decoys wildlife attractants retail locations new products top 50 products asc brand products browse categories agricultural & tillageapparelconstruction/surveyor suppliescookingfastenersfuel pumps & nozzleshome lawn and gardenlivestock and petsmower bladesoils & greasesplumbing and electricalpto shaft assembliesrotary mowersshop and toolsporting goods/marinesprayerstarps coverstoystrailers and trailer partstruck towing and autouws toolboxes and partswheel and tire assemblies featured brands bearing buddy®carolina cooker ® brandcaroni mowers, parts, & accessoriesfill-rite® fuel pumps, meters, and moremorrarivers edge®shivers trailers need disc blades? from 10" to 36" plain & notched we're hiring! store locations & hours contact agri supply terms of use terms of use agri supply provides this website as a benefit to you, our valued customers. we encourage you to browse the site's pages, shop, and make comments and suggestions as frequently as you would like; subject to the terms and conditions outlined below. disclaimer of warranties and limitations of liability agri supply does not warrant that the use of this website, the operation or function of the website, or any services offered through or from the website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or its server are free of viruses or other harmful elements. by using this website, you agree that your access will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this legal notice and that access is undertaken at your own risk. agri supply shall not be liable for damages of any kind related to your use of or inability to access this site. if you are dissatisfied with the site, its contents, or any of these terms, we would like to hear from you. your sole and exclusive legal remedy, however, is to stop using the website. this site and all contents of this site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. agri supply assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of our website. your use of this website is at your own risk. agri supply, its suppliers, successors, or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this website's contents will not be liable to you, or any other person for any indirect, direct, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising from your access to or use of this website. website pricing prices may and will vary among the website, agri supply stores, and agri supply catalog (buyer’s guide) and prices are not guaranteed to be matched at the time of purchase. the prices displayed on the website are quoted in u.s. dollars and are valid and effective only within the united states. prices shown on the website do not include any shipping and handling fees or sales taxes unless otherwise stated on the site. if shipping and handling fees or sales tax are applicable to the order, they will be added to your total invoice price. you are responsible for the payment of any shipping and handling charges and state and local sales or use taxes that may apply to your order. quantity limitations please note that our receipt of an order via website, email, post/mail, fax or telephone and our confirmation of its receipt do not constitute acceptance or guarantee fulfillment of that order. any and all products included on our website are only available while supplies last. while we diligently strive to fulfill all our orders as efficiently as possible, we cannot promise that all of the items featured on our site will be available at the time of sale. accuracy of information agri supply reserves the right to amend errors or to update product information at any time without prior notice. in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to photographical error, typographical error, or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, agri supply shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. cancelation of orders agri supply reserves the right to refuse or cancel orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, agri supply will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. if agri supply needs to cancel your order, we will keep you fully informed and try to offer you an alternative choice, if appropriate. we will not send you substitute items without your consent. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold agri supply, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, licensors, and suppliers harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site. links to third party sites links to other sites are provided as a convenience to you. all use of outside links is at your sole risk. agri supply is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, and disclaims all liability for any injury or injuries which you may experience by using third party links. copyright & trademarks all of the content on this website, including, but not limited to, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, and text, are subject to trademark, copyright, and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by agri supply, or by third parties who have licensed their materials to agri supply. agri supply owns u.s. trademark registration nos. 1,101,181; 1,520,295, and 3,264,770 for the agri supply mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 3,246,725 for the asc mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 3,739,258 for the agri wear mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 3203742 for the carolina cooker mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 3246726 for the carolina covers mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 2396395 for the grizzly mark, u.s. trademark registration no. 2286337 for the agri-direct mark, and u.s. trademark registration no. 1804267 for the agmate mark. all content on the agrisupply.com website is copyrighted as a collective work under u.s. copyright laws. the content of the agrisupply.com website and the website as a whole are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. you may download, print, and store selected portions of the content, provided that (1) copies of the content are for your own personal use and you do not use the content for any commercial use, (2) you do not copy or post the content on any computer network or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) you do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of downloading content from the agrisupply.com website. agri supply reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights for all content downloaded from our website. except as specifically enumerated above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer, or create derivative works from the content of the website without first obtaining written permission from agri supply. use of the agrisupply.com website does not grant a license in any of agri supply’s intellectual property, with exception to the uses specifically enumerated above. website security by using this website you agree not to violate or attempt to violate the website’s security. this includes, but is not limited to, your agreement not to (1) access or log onto servers, data, or accounts you have not been authorized to access; (2) take any action to determine vulnerabilities in the system, network, security, or authentication processes of this website; (3) take any action that would interrupt or interfere with the service of this website or the users hereof, including but not limited to spamming, submitting trojans, worms, or viruses to the website and/or its servers, flooding the servers, or taking any other action to crash the website; (4) use the website, servers, or network for agrisupply.com to send unsolicited or forged email or any other tcp/ip packet. shipping & handling all shipping prices listed on this website are for sales and shipments within the united states only. for sales or shipping outside the united states, call agri supply directly to determine availability and pricing. all international shipments are subject to the export regulations and laws of the united states of america. products that are subject to export restrictions, such as certain technologies or fertilizers, are not available for our international customers unless those customers first receive the proper licenses from the united states government. choice of law and forum by using this website, you agree that the laws of the state of north carolina shall govern any dispute between you and agri supply related to this website, including disputes regarding transactions conducted through the website. you further agree that the courts of the state of north carolina shall provide the exclusive forum to resolve the aforementioned disputes. copyright © 1997 - 2014 agri supply. all rights reserved. all offers are subject to product availability; quantities are limited. internet pricing may differ from store pricing. see the complete agri supply terms of use. agri supply started as a family owned group of farm stores back in 1962, based in garner, north carolina. over fifty years later, our website now offers a huge selection of farm supplies, hand and power tools, lawn and garden supplies, and more - with over 26,000 items and counting, we really do have something for everyone! agri supply® started over 50 years ago providing tractor parts and tractor accessories and quickly expanded to farm machinery replacement parts. now, with over 8 retail stores across the southeast, agri supply® has added cast iron cookware and cooking supplies , cookers and fryers , burners , and stew and wash pots as part of a huge outdoor cooking department along with a large stock of hunting gear including deer feeders , deer stands , hunting and outdoor apparel. we sell over quarter of a million lawnmower blades and mower parts as part of our core lawn and garden department. come visit any of our stores in garner, nc, just south of raleigh; greenville, nc; lumberton, nc; florence, sc, just around the corner from darlington; statesboro, ga, just outside of savannah; tifton, ga, just down the road from albany; valdosta, ga; petersburg, va, right next door to richmond; or shop online for electric fencing and field fencing , livestock stupplies and feed , water troughs , notched disc blades , plain disc blades as part of our huge variety of disc blades ; lawn sweepers and parts , 3 point post hole diggers and augers , landscape rake tines , hydraulic cylinders , trailer tire assemblies , stock pots , uws toolboxes , bale spears and bushings , manual canisters , top links , toys and bikes , atv harrows , fuel pumps and nozzles , pto shafts , hay rakes , sprayers , and truck tool boxes and see for yourself that we have something for everyone! asc home page about agri supply request a catalog view online catalog privacy policy email privacy policy index+ agri supply guarantee contact agri supply asc gift cards request a quote careers w/agri supply customer communication recall notice retail store locations online shopping cart about ssl certificates questions - faq extension programs printable order form track your shipment terms of use visitors since 1997! ag & tillage farm machinery implements farm machinery parts hydraulics pto shafts accessories sprayers pumps and parts tillage tobacco transplant harvest tractor accessories construction/surveyor supplies burlap catch basins cement mix ladders scaffolding lifting slings mixers cement parking bumpers sand silt fence cooking supplies big utensils burners & regulators cast iron cookware cookbooks aprons cookers parts and accessories cooking accessories dutch ovens and enamelware food packaging griddles and woks grill accessories grilling planks and covers grills and grill accessories kettles kitchen accessories miscellaneous kitchen plates cups utensils pots seasonings and sauces silicone bakeware skillets woks stew pots fasteners bolts carriage bolts galvanized bolts packaged bolts screws grade 2 hex head bolts screws grade 5 hex head braces and brackets castle nuts nc zinc cotter pins deck screws eyebolts grade 8 hex bolts and nuts-yellow hasps hinges hooks key stock locknuts with nylon inserts loctite threadlockers metric cap screws metric lock nuts with nylon insert metric nuts nc nails nuts galvanized nuts hex head padlocks door locks piano hinges screwhooks self tapping screws sheet metal screws square head nuts stainless steel fasteners steel aluminum steel flat steel rounds unthreaded stove bolts threaded rod turnbuckles u-bolts washers flat and lock washers galvanized washers metric lock and flat wing nuts wood screws home lawn and garden cleaning supplies clothes belts gasoline engines and parts homeowner supplies lawn & garden lawnmower parts safety signs toys livestock and pets livestock fencing water troughs, tanks, and tubs pet supplies oils & greases antifreeze belt dressing chain saw bar oil fuel treatments funnels gear oil grease grease fittings grease guns pumps o rings oilers outboard motor oil penetrating oil shop hose reels transmission fluid two cycle oil plumbing and electrical electrical supplies pipe and supplies plumbing supplies shop and tool air compressors fittings paint pressure washers rope cable chain shop supplies tarps covers tools hand and power welding supplies sporting goods/marine boating marine sporting goods tarps covers grommets hay sleeve covers quick shades quick shelters s-hooks straps bungee cords tarps trailers and trailer parts brake assemblies brake controllers buddy bearings connector nuts and ties couplers dust caps fenders fuses hitch bars hitches and accessories hub assemblies import ball coupler lens mirrors mobile home jacks pintle hooks and mounts ramps reflectors spindle assemblies stall mats switches and flashers tie downs tire and tubes tire carriers tire changing tools tow hooks trailer axles and parts trailer balls trailer jacks and parts trailer lights trailer springs trailer wire trailers and trailer kits trimmer equipment tubes utility lights and bulbs wheel studs wheels winches hand winches truck body wiring connectors truck towing and auto automotive and batteries tires trailers and trailer parts truck accessories tubes wheel and tire assemblies wheels