来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201218184119/https://www.agrisupply.com/blog/a/1010/
================================================================================

agri supply blog page search start search facebook visit twitter visit vimeo youtube log in contact us 800.345.0169 collapse shop all farm machinery & implements aerators bale movers, forks, & carry alls cultivators estate & flail mowers fertilizer spreaders middle busters & subsoilers rotary mowers slider & scraper blades spike, disc, & drag harrows more farm machinery & implements agricultural & parts box blade & scraper blade parts farm machinery parts foam markers & accessories grizzly® hydraulic cylinders pto shafts & accessories rotary mower parts & gearboxes sprayers, pumps, parts, & accessories top links tractor accessories more agricultural & parts disc & tillage cultivator clamps & shanks disc axles & parts disc blades disc harrow parts disc hillers packaged & bulk plow bolts row crop sweeps spider wheels & assemblies s-tines more disc & tillage livestock & pets buckets, baskets, & scoops fencing gates & openers livestock supplies pet supplies water tanks, troughs, & tubs more livestock & pets lawn & garden baskets, covers, & carts beekeeping supplies garden seeders & spreaders hand sprayers, dusters, & parts herbicides, grass, & weed control spreaders more lawn & garden lawn mower blades & parts lawn mower air filters lawn mower belts lawn mower seats mower blades oil filters spindles wheels more lawn mower blades & parts outdoor power equipment gas trimmers & parts generators power equipment covers power post hole diggers pressure washer woodsplitter & parts more outdoor power equipment truck accessories & toolboxes cam-locker toolboxes dog boxes fuel pumps & nozzles hitches & accessories transfer tanks more truck accessories & toolboxes trailers, tires, & accessories hub assemblies tires tire tubes trailer axles & parts trailer jacks & parts wheel & tire assemblies more trailers, tires, & accessories home, shop, & tool air compressors & fittings air, hand, & power tools electrical supplies fans fasteners lubricants & cleaners plumbing supplies shop supplies more home, shop, & tool hunting & outdoor sporting goods atv harrows & equipment boating & marine camping chairs, cots, & tables coolers & ice chests hunting supplies outdoor canopies & umbrellas more hunting & outdoor sporting goods cooking, cast iron, & supplies burners canning supplies cast iron enamel cookware cookers & fryers kitchen accessories regulators & hoses skillets & woks stock pots & cooking pots wash pots & stew pots more cooking, cast iron, & supplies apparel & clothing boots, shoes, & waders camouflage clothing caps & hats dickies® gloves hunting coveralls insulated coveralls ladies apparel rain suits & coats more apparel & clothing shop all farm machinery & implements agricultural & parts disc & tillage livestock & pets lawn & garden lawn mower blades & accessories outdoor power equipment truck accessories trailers, tires, & accessories home, shop, & tool hunting & outdoor sporting goods cooking, food, & supplies apparel & clothing featuring top brand names top products manual canistertool tube gly star® plus glyphosate cast iron single burner stove pat's 3-point quick change hitch wick herbicide applicator keulavator™ cultivator frame top 50 products new products closeouts carolina cooker® burners & stoves dutch ovens enameled cookware skillets. pans, & woks stew, wash, & stock pots bbq disc blades & discadas bale movers, spears, feeders bale spears & bushings movers & forks feeders tarter® lawnmower blades to fit mtd to fit sears to fit cub cadet to fit husqvarna to fit john deere to fit murray to fit snapper to fit toro all others estate, flail, & rotary mowers estate, flail, finishing mowers estate mower parts flail mower parts rotary mowers rotary mower parts sprayers & accessories agri supply® chapin® fimco® salvarani solo® tir pumps & parts ace pumps delavan® ferroni flojet® hypro® pacer® canopies & outdoor furniture chairs, cots, tables canopies & umbrellas pier carts, rod holders carhartt® drywalker® huntworth® toys featuring top products carolina cooker® sprayers pumps & parts spears & feeders mower blades finishing & rotary mowers outdoors toys retail stores garner, nc greenville, nc lumberton, nc monroe, nc florence, sc petersburg, va statesboro, ga tifton, ga valdosta, ga career opportunities information about agri supply account page blogs contact us faq sponsoring joey gase racing nc seafood festival account log in order history create account cart (0) — $00.00 over 26,000 products to choose from customer service 1-800-345-0169 submit home blog the agri supply® blog 15 nov what is the best way to go about garden cleanup? here's your comprehensive list for the ultimate garden care this winter. as we assess garden failures and successes this year, you'll see the base for your spring garden emerge in winter. start a garden journal with your observations and reference ... read more 30 sep home workshop supply checklist everyday home projects don’t require many large, bulky pieces of equipment or buildings full of materials (unless you're into that kind of thing), but having the essentials on hand in your home workshop can make a quick fix or finishing a new ... read more 28 sep setting up the perfect camp (for fishing and hunting) what goes into the perfect fishing and hunting camp? your gear, setup, and philosophy can change with the season - or just on a whim. or depending on success - and failure - from the last camp you set up. camping with good companions is ... read more 10 sep 5 to-dos for tractor maintenance your tractor has been working hard for you all summer - mowing, fertilizing, moving and digging up dirt. it’s spent long days in the sun and has a coat of dust and dirt to show for it. maintaining your tractor’s maintenance can be quite the task if ... read more 28 jul trailer tire inspection checklist when talking about tire inspections, many people think of the trucks and suvs that keep the work rolling. making sure the wheels keep turning is important for your work vehicle, but just as important for the equipment you’re carrying behind you. ... read more 27 jul how to replace lawn mower blades replacing lawn mower blades isn’t difficult, but you need to know how to do it correctly and safely. we’ll take you through key steps to doing it right. sharp mower blades cut grass more efficiently, and you won’t have to mow as often. replacement ... read more 6 dec tips for transporting agricultural equipment planes, trains and automobiles. that’s a list of things that are easy to move. when it comes to agricultural equipment however, moving it more than a cornfield away can be a difficult, costly and a sometimes-dangerous proposition. whether you’re ... read more 20 oct all about our local stores: agri supply of lumberton, north carolina if you reside in or near lumberton, nc, and are in search of an excellent agriculture store with unbeatable quality and prices on farm equipment and much more, visit our retail location close to you. from first opening our doors over thirty years ... read more about lumberton 3 oct useful tractor attachments for your next big landscaping or gardening project there's a special kind of satisfaction in cultivating a thriving garden or sculpting a beautiful landscape. the hard work pays off in work you can be proud of and beauty you can share with your friends, family, and neighbors. then of course there’s ... read more about tractor attachments 21 sep what to expect when you shop our lumberton, north carolina location every so often, you’ll find that you must replace a part or buy a new tool quickly in order to get back to work. and even though online shopping is often a convenient option, it’s sometimes essential to find a dependable agriculture store close to ... read more about what to expect 17 sep tractor attachments and accessories: what to expect from shopping with agri supply the fundamental farm machinery and implements can make or break efficiency on the farm. every farmer know how essential the right tractor attachments are, and thankfully, from cultivators and tillovators to bale movers and rotary cutters, agri ... read more about tractor attachments 21 aug what a stump jumper can do for you stump jumpers, also called blade pans, are made to minimize damage to rotary mower blades from foreign objects like roots, stumps and rocks that dull or chip your blades. a stump jumper is the center part of the thick metal blades that spin ... read more about stump jumpers 8 aug when is a rotary mower your best bet? driven by the pto (power take off), rotary mowers easily attach behind your tractor a three-point hitch. what makes a rotary mower different from a standard lawnmower? designed to be strong enough to tackle some of the toughest mowing chores, ... read more about rotary mowers 18 jun how to maintain your mower for excellent performance why is mower maintenance so important? because your lawn mower is one of your most important tools and one of the tools you will use most often. additionally, a good lawn mower is an investment. because of this, the last thing you want to do is ... read more about mower maintenance 6 jun let us help you get your lawnmower in optimum condition here at agri supply, we know how important a good lawn mower is, and how essential it is to find quality replacements when part become worn out or damaged. thankfully, replacing the parts you need doesn’t have to break the bank. whether you’re ... read more about lawnmowers 24 may tips for getting the most from your shopping experience at agri supply it is always our goal to earn your repeat business and become your go-to farm equipment supplier and farm and garden store. if you’ve shopped with us before, you probably know about our guarantee on non-perishable goods, our extensive selection for ... read more about shopping with us 12 may what makes agri supply the most trusted farm equipment supplier? when it comes to farm implements for sale, as well as items for home and garden, we believe we stand out beyond many other farm and tractor stores. a farm and garden store whose top priority is to put customers first, we strive to not only offer ... read more about agri supply 15 mar choosing your 12-volt sprayer pump a quality 12 volt sprayer pump will serve you well for many agricultural applications, gardening tasks, and outdoor uses. a 12v sprayer pump, attached to your tractor or atv, can help you accomplish big tasks efficiently. among some of the handiest ... read more about your 12-volt sprayer pump 26 feb how to have your most beautiful lawn ever it’s common to start the springtime with grand ideas about your lawn, garden, and landscape. after all, there are so many fun projects to be done! however, unless you plan properly, you can find throughout the months that things aren’t thriving as ... read more about your lawn 20 feb deciding on a spraying technique that works for you it’s the time of year to begin thinking about spring gardening, landscaping, and growing. in the midst of all the exciting possibilities, however, we also need to remember that less-exciting maintenance and prevention activities must take place, ... read more about spraying techniques 6 feb selecting the best fuel pump for sale fuel transfer pumps provide the safest and most efficient means of conveying fuel to a desired location. a good fuel transfer tank with pump can deliver gasoline and other liquids quickly, making your fuel transferring tasks that much easier. so, ... read more about fuel pumps 1 feb the first step in keeping your bale moving efforts running smoothly what's the first thing you think about when shopping for a bale mover for sale? top quality? the best price? the brands that have worked well for you in the past? these are all worthwhile concerns, and our aim is to provide you with the best ... read more about bale moving 30 jan why we're proud of our selection of fill-rite pumps fill-rite pumps are one of the top choices you can make for your fuel and chemical transferring jobs. so, what is it that makes choosing a fill-rite fuel transfer pump a better choice than many other brands? the important things to look for in a ... read more about our fill rite pumps 24 jan we can help you find the bale mover that will serve you best at agri supply, we know that bale moving is a tough and important task on the farm – one that requires quality tools and machinery to ensure safety, speed, and efficiency on the job. we also know that one size doesn’t necessarily fit all when it ... read more about finding a bale mover 11 jan basic safety considerations for fuel pumps and accessories operating fuel transfer pumps is often a requirement for transferring fuel to agricultural equipment, and having the right fuel transfer tank with pump can keep your farming or construction implements powered and running efficiently. however, even ... read more about fuel pumps 27 oct handy power sources on the farm sometimes a source of power is required, but is tough to come by, especially in distant areas on the field. thankfully, with the help of a 540 pto gearbox, a 540 pto shaft, and the right pto shaft parts, power transmission can be achieved for a ... read more about power sources 17 oct safety with pto equipment the pto drive shaft on a tractor can distribute the energy required to run pto-driven tools and machinery. a 540 pto shaft rotates very fast – much faster than the operator of a pto-driven implement can move. this potent equipment is extremely ... read more about pto safety 5 oct why you should observe safety practices with bale movers the first thing most of us would focus on when choosing a bale mover or other piece of equipment for sale is quality, and hopefully getting a great deal – in fact, we’re here to provide you with both those things. nevertheless, while those ... read more about bale moving safe practices 26 sep choosing the best bale moving equipment when it comes to bale moving – one of the toughest tasks on the farm – farmers have a lot of options in the type of bale moving equipment they choose to employ for the task. that means, however, it’s best to consider all the options carefully, and ... read more about bale moving equipment 2 aug three essential tools for life on a small farm with so many options in farm equipment for sale to choose from, which tools do most farmers deem truly essential? even with daily advances in agricultural science, the answer tends to remain the same. though the types of equipment may vary, the ... read more about farm essential tools 26 jul is it time to upgrade your farming equipment? farming today has more diverse methods and innovations in equipment and parts than ever, with an added focus on rapidity and efficiency. any experienced farmer will tell you, however, that speed without precision is useless – you also have to have ... read more about upgrading equipment 1 jul late summer or fall gardening we have reached the middle of the year and many gardens and farms have already harvested or are being harvested now. so, what do we do with the rest of the garden now? why not enter the "second season" of gardening? july and august are great months ... read more about gardening 15 jun do you need to upgrade or replace your mowing equipment? we've hit the warmer, growing months, which means our mowers are once again getting a good workout. and because of the hard work our mowers do, at some point in the life of our equipment there comes a time when we need to decide what to ... read more about replacing mowing equipment 6 jun lawnmower maintenance tips for lasting success too many of us have had the experience of preparing for the task of mowing, only to discover that our mower will not start, or that it isn't in optimum working condition. this often happens because we've neglected to provide the maintenance ... read more about lawnmower maintenance 16 may box blades: how might one make your work easier? if you have a tractor, you probably know how much can be accomplished by having the right implements and attachments. the most basic machinery can, in fact, accomplish some of the toughest work when you know how to use it well. a tough, quality, ... read more about box blades 11 may using box blades for leveling projects – what to expect indispensable for a wide variety of landscaping projects, box scraper blades are chiefly used for the important tasks of leveling the ground and spreading materials evenly. those experienced with agricultural equipment and landscaping can use them ... read more about box blades for leveling projects 4 may custer's led technology lights the way custer products' range of high-performance lights most frequently utilize light-emitting diodes (leds) to achieve bright beam patterns, while keeping energy usage to a minimum. led's have been around for decades, so why are they suddenly so popular ... read more about led technology 27 apr maintain your hydraulic hose assemblies to avoid unnecessary dangers and repairs the work accomplished by hydraulic hose systems may not be complicated, but it's important, heavy-duty work that requires attention to detail. when operated properly, hydraulic machinery is capable of producing significant force, conveyed cleverly ... read more about hydraulic hose assemblies 21 apr pto basics so, you bought a tractor, have some land and now ready to get the earth ready for planting. the pto shaft is a very important piece of equipment for your tractor, as transport power from the tractor to the equipment behind the tractor. ... read more about pto basics 18 apr the importance of carefully selecting the hydraulic cylinder equipment you need the beauty of 2-stage hydraulic cylinders is that they enable direct movement and power, minus the necessity of motorized components or devices. because a 2-way hydraulic cylinder is the main component allowing the hydraulic power system to ... read more about hydraulic cylinder equipment 12 apr how to measure lawn mower blades what are some of the signs that it might be time to replace your lawn mower blade? if the mower is not cutting well or skipping spots, it's probably time. for mowers with more than one blade, you may notice that you don't seem to get the full ... read more about lawn mower blades 6 mar handy tools and tips for maintaining your tractor before you start to consider tractor attachments and tractor accessories for sale, think about the state of your current equipment. you want to be sure tractor attachments for gardening and tractor attachment parts are attached to equipment that's ... read more about maintaining your tractor 2 mar top six tractor attachments to make your life easier you'd be surprised to learn how many tractor attachments are available for sale. there are parts and attachments available to make your tractor useful in hundreds of ways you may not have even imagined. and while it's great to have all these ... read more about tractor attachments 13 feb keulavator™ for cultivating the keulavator™ is a category 1 cultivator frame that allows you to hill, shape, ridge, and bed your garden or farm. during the phase of tilling before planting, this cultivator can be used with a number of attachments like sweeps, hillers, ... read more about keulavator™ for cultivating 27 jan top five considerations for choosing an agricultural sprayer best suited to your spraying needs agricultural crop spraying is a process used to apply herbicides, pesticides, and fertilizers. the goal in using agricultural sprayers is to encourage growth and prevent loss of crops due to pests—including weeds—and to prevent plant diseases. ... read more about agricultural sprayers 17 jan top factors to consider when choosing an agricultural sprayer and parts agricultural spraying is a method used to apply herbicides, pesticides, and fertilizers on agricultural crops. there are a variety of sprayer types and parts to consider, based on the task at hand. the quality and condition of your current ... read more about agricultural sprayer factors 3 dec how to season cast iron cast iron typically receives its share of wear and tear. skillets, dutch ovens, griddles, and pots can get rusty over time but can easily be brought back to life with seasoning. if you have just recently purchased some cast iron cookware, you can ... read more about seasoning cast iron 3 nov disc blade terminology & usage disc blades, or disc harrow blades, are used to till soil before planting crops or at the end of the season to chop up the unwanted remainders. the main types of disc harrow blades are notched disc blades and plain disc blades, distinguished by the edge of the blade ... read more about disc blade terminology 10 aug how to make your own poultry waterer the following instructions will show you how to build a vertical waterer. this waterer can be used in a simple or complex watering system. through a series of pvc piping, you can connect your waterer to a 5 gallon bucket, small holding tank or a water hose ... read more about poultry waterers get in touch newsletter keep up on our always evolving product features, events, and more. enter your e-mail and subscribe to our newsletter. sign up here visitors since 1997! information asc home page about agri supply® customer service asc gift cards printable order form track your shipment more information accessibility statement view online catalog request a catalog privacy policy email privacy policy recall notice retail stores garner, nc greenville, nc lumberton, nc monroe, nc florence, sc petersburg, va statesboro, ga tifton, ga valdosta, ga agri supply® and agri-direct® copyright © 1962 - 2020. all rights reserved. powered by kaliocommerce™ faq's terms of use contact us log in × close × sign up for email newsletters email address email first name first name last name last name postal/zip code zip birthday (optional) birthday any preferences? ag & tillage livestock & pets mowing, lawn, & garden truck & trailer cooking & cast iron hunting & outdoors close