来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231211211748/https://www.agrisupply.com/blog/a/1010/
================================================================================

agri supply blog page | agri supply skip to main content skip to footer content contact account cart top categories popular searches view all matches all departments ag & tillage lawn & garden livestock/pets truck gear trailers & parts outdoor living it's what's inside about asc blogs contact us sign up find a store farm machinery & implements farm machinery & implements aerators bale movers, forks, & carry alls box scrapers cultivators estate & flail mowers fertilizer spreaders middle busters & subsoilers rotary mowers spike, disc, & drag harrows tillovators shop all farm machinery & implements agricultural & parts agricultural & parts bale spears, bushings, & parts box blade & scraper blade parts disc bearings farm machinery parts hydraulic parts & cylinders pto shafts & accessories rotary mower parts & gearboxes top links tractor accessories tractor quick hitches shop all agricultural & parts disc & tillage disc & tillage cultivator clamps & shanks disc axles & parts disc blades disc harrow parts disc hillers field cultivator points & reversible points rock shares row crop sweeps spider wheels & assemblies s-tines shop all disc & tillage fencing, livestock, & pet supplies fencing, livestock, & pet supplies bale movers, spears, feeders, & more buckets, baskets, & scoops fence accessories fencing supplies field fence gates & openers livestock supplies pet supplies post drivers & pullers water tanks, troughs, & tubs shop all fencing, livestock, & pet supplies sprayers, pumps, parts, & accessories sprayers, pumps, parts, & accessories agriculture & lawn sprayers controls & valves foam markers & accessories hose & accessories for pumps nozzles & accessories pumps & parts spray guns & kits strainers tanks & nurse trailers wick applicators shop all sprayers, pumps, parts, & accessories lawn and garden lawn and garden baskets, covers, & carts beekeeping supplies seeders & spreaders hand sprayers, dusters, & parts herbicides, grass, & weed control nut gatherers & crackers sweepers & parts tool handles water hoses & water bags weed shield shop all lawn and garden lawn mower blades, parts, & accessories lawn mower blades, parts, & accessories fuel filters, pump & caps lawn mower air filters lawn mower seats spindles lawn mower tires mower wheels lawn mower belts mower blades quills & quill assembles oil filters shop all lawn mower blades, parts, & accessories home, shop, & tool home, shop, & tool air compressors & fittings air, hand, & power tools electrical supplies fans lubricants & cleaners pickuppers & reachers plumbing supplies shop supplies sliding door parts toys shop all home, shop, & tool truck accessories & toolboxes truck accessories & toolboxes dog boxes fuel pumps & nozzles hitches & accessories ladder racks power winches tow straps & ropes transfer tanks chain, log, tie out utility lights & bulbs truck toolboxes & parts shop all truck accessories & toolboxes trailers, tires, & accessories trailers, tires, & accessories brake assemblies hub assemblies tie downs & cargo bars tire tubes tires trailer axles & parts trailer jacks & parts trailer springs utility lights & bulbs wheel & tire assemblies shop all trailers, tires, & accessories apparel & outdoor living apparel & outdoor living apparel & clothing boating & marine caps & hats cast iron & cooking supplies coolers & ice chests footwear knives, shears, & sharpeners outdoor furniture pier carts, rod holders, & accessories ropes & mooring shop all apparel & outdoor living cast iron & cooking supplies cast iron & cooking supplies burners, cookers, & fryers canning supplies cast iron enamel cookware griddles, skillets, & woks discada bbq disc blade woks kitchen accessories regulators & hoses sauces & spices stock pots & cooking pots wash pots & stew pots shop all cast iron & cooking supplies the agri supply® blog home | blog | the agri supply® blog may 12 trailering blog notes as summer approaches, trailer usage increases heavily. the agri supply® team would like to offer you some suggestions on what to check before your trip..... read more about our trailering blog notes march 17 tilling time! a spring primer on the art of prepping your soil this is the time of year gardeners swap hard work for a gorgeous garden later........... read more about soil prepping march 1 spray nozzles 101: all you need to know in the pursuit of better coverage with less drift, choosing a spray nozzle has become a science.......... read more about spray nozzles february 8 chicken coops: everything you need to know to start here’s an inside look at what it takes to become a chicken farmer. first off, why do you want to do this?......... read more about chicken coops january 12 new year: time for shop cleanup how about starting spring cleaning — in the initial stages of the new year?......... read more about shop cleanup december 16 holiday gift guide for the farmer have a farmer in your life? you know their interest leads to a different category of holiday gifts! agri supply knows, too......... read more about holiday gift guide for the farmer december 8 the ultimate holiday gift guide for the gardener what are the gifts most likely to put a smile on a gardener’s face?........ read more about the ultimate holiday gift guide for the gardener november 9 amazing gifts the cooks in your life will love for the holidays have kitchen masters on your holiday shopping list? or an outdoors cooking enthusiast? for an incredible selection of cookware and accessories, it’s tough to beat agri supply........ read more about amazing gifts the cooks in your life will love for the holidays november 1 the essential holiday gift guide — for the home and beyond holiday shopping can be stressful. how to get that perfect gift for someone special? many times, we put more pressure on ourselves than we need to!....... read more about the essential holiday gift guide — for the home and beyond october 20 outdoorsman's ultimate holiday gift guide now is the time to fulfill those holiday wish lists! year-round, you’ll find everything the outdoorsmen and outdoorswomen in your life need....... read more about the outdoorsman's ultimate holiday gift guide september 8 a great time to get started on your offseason to-do list you have lots to do, but you’ve got some time. fall gives us a break in heat, and also a great opportunity to prep your soil for next year...... read more about your offseason to-do list august 18 peanut harvesting 101: all you need to know so you’ve planted your first peanuts and are ready to harvest. first, you have to get the harvest right..... read more about peanut harvesting august 9 your boating and fishing lifestyle guide boating life can be a social life and can also be an escape from life. friends are made on boats, or taken out on boats, for watersports, fishing, and more..... read more about boating and fishing july 13 your great outdoor adventure starts inside ah, summer in the great outdoors. it's that time of year to bust out the tent, fishing poles, s'mores supplies, and more.... read more about outdoor adventures june 9 win the war on weeds? here's how as any experienced gardener knows, weeds can be tough to tame... read more eliminating weeds june 5 how to get that raised garden bed started planting season has arrived, and if you'd like to elevate your garden game, how about a raised bed?... read more starting a raised garden bed may 22 making hay: a guide to doing it right the time is near for baling hay. are you ready? people passing your pasture by car will soon see tractors hard at work ... read more about making hay april 21 knowledge check: do you know your hitches? so you have something to haul with your tractor or truck? a 3-point hitch makes such a job easier... read more about hitches march 21 sprayers 101: all you should know before you start from your lawn to a field or farm, sprayers are an integral part of keeping green space healthy... read more about sprayers february 21 vegetable garden prep: start early, harvest happy the right plants can help your garden thrive. but it takes a good amount of prep time, too. we are a few months away from garden-fresh vegetables if you start now... read more about garden prep january 20 4 ideas for getting started in beekeeping do something sweet for yourself: give beekeeping a try. becoming a backyard beekeeper means you’ll help boost pollinators in your area, at least temporarily. in time, you’ll have your own honey source, you’ll learn tons about the fascinating world ... read more about beekeeping january 10 time to take inventory of your farm-shop needs keep up with your equipment's health. it’s a time-consuming yet necessary task - prepping your farm and equipment for the winter so that you’re ready to roll in the spring. here’s a guide to the most efficient farm-shop cleanup, from your friends ... read more about farm-shop needs november 15 what is the best way to go about garden cleanup? here's your comprehensive list for the ultimate garden care this winter. as we assess garden failures and successes this year, you'll see the base for your spring garden emerge in winter. start a garden journal with your observations and reference ... read more about garden cleanup september 30 home workshop supply checklist everyday home projects don’t require many large, bulky pieces of equipment or buildings full of materials (unless you're into that kind of thing), but having the essentials on hand in your home workshop can make a quick fix or finishing a new ... read more about workshop supplies september 28 setting up the perfect camp (for fishing and hunting) what goes into the perfect fishing and hunting camp? your gear, setup, and philosophy can change with the season - or just on a whim. or depending on success - and failure - from the last camp you set up. camping with good companions is ... read more setting up camp september 10 5 to-dos for tractor maintenance your tractor has been working hard for you all summer - mowing, fertilizing, moving and digging up dirt. it’s spent long days in the sun and has a coat of dust and dirt to show for it. maintaining your tractor’s maintenance can be quite the task if ... read more about tractor maintenance july 28 trailer tire inspection checklist when talking about tire inspections, many people think of the trucks and suvs that keep the work rolling. making sure the wheels keep turning is important for your work vehicle, but just as important for the equipment you’re carrying behind you. ... read more about inspecting trailer tires july 27 how to replace lawn mower blades replacing lawn mower blades isn’t difficult, but you need to know how to do it correctly and safely. we’ll take you through key steps to doing it right. sharp mower blades cut grass more efficiently, and you won’t have to mow as often. replacement ... read more about replacing lawn mower blades december 6 tips for transporting agricultural equipment planes, trains and automobiles. that’s a list of things that are easy to move. when it comes to agricultural equipment however, moving it more than a cornfield away can be a difficult, costly and a sometimes-dangerous proposition. whether you’re ... read more about transporting agriculture equipment october 20 all about our local stores: agri supply of lumberton, north carolina if you reside in or near lumberton, nc, and are in search of an excellent agriculture store with unbeatable quality and prices on farm equipment and much more, visit our retail location close to you. from first opening our doors over thirty years ... read more about lumberton october 3 useful tractor attachments for your next big landscaping or gardening project there's a special kind of satisfaction in cultivating a thriving garden or sculpting a beautiful landscape. the hard work pays off in work you can be proud of and beauty you can share with your friends, family, and neighbors. then of course there’s ... read more about tractor attachments september 21 what to expect when you shop our lumberton, north carolina location every so often, you’ll find that you must replace a part or buy a new tool quickly in order to get back to work. and even though online shopping is often a convenient option, it’s sometimes essential to find a dependable agriculture store close to ... read more about what to expect september 17 tractor attachments and accessories: what to expect from shopping with agri supply the fundamental farm machinery and implements can make or break efficiency on the farm. every farmer know how essential the right tractor attachments are, and thankfully, from cultivators and tillovators to bale movers and rotary cutters, agri ... read more about tractor attachments august 21 what a stump jumper can do for you stump jumpers, also called blade pans, are made to minimize damage to rotary mower blades from foreign objects like roots, stumps and rocks that dull or chip your blades. a stump jumper is the center part of the thick metal blades that spin ... read more about stump jumpers august 8 when is a rotary mower your best bet? driven by the pto (power take off), rotary mowers easily attach behind your tractor a three-point hitch. what makes a rotary mower different from a standard lawnmower? designed to be strong enough to tackle some of the toughest mowing chores, ... read more about rotary mowers june 18 how to maintain your mower for excellent performance why is mower maintenance so important? because your lawn mower is one of your most important tools and one of the tools you will use most often. additionally, a good lawn mower is an investment. because of this, the last thing you want to do is ... read more about mower maintenance june 6 let us help you get your lawnmower in optimum condition here at agri supply, we know how important a good lawn mower is, and how essential it is to find quality replacements when part become worn out or damaged. thankfully, replacing the parts you need doesn’t have to break the bank. whether you’re ... read more about lawnmowers may 24 tips for getting the most from your shopping experience at agri supply it is always our goal to earn your repeat business and become your go-to farm equipment supplier and farm and garden store. if you’ve shopped with us before, you probably know about our guarantee on non-perishable goods, our extensive selection for ... read more about shopping with us may 12 what makes agri supply the most trusted farm equipment supplier? when it comes to farm implements for sale, as well as items for home and garden, we believe we stand out beyond many other farm and tractor stores. a farm and garden store whose top priority is to put customers first, we strive to not only offer ... read more about agri supply march 15 choosing your 12-volt sprayer pump a quality 12 volt sprayer pump will serve you well for many agricultural applications, gardening tasks, and outdoor uses. a 12v sprayer pump, attached to your tractor or atv, can help you accomplish big tasks efficiently. among some of the handiest ... read more about your 12-volt sprayer pump february 26 how to have your most beautiful lawn ever it’s common to start the springtime with grand ideas about your lawn, garden, and landscape. after all, there are so many fun projects to be done! however, unless you plan properly, you can find throughout the months that things aren’t thriving as ... read more about your lawn february 20 deciding on a spraying technique that works for you it’s the time of year to begin thinking about spring gardening, landscaping, and growing. in the midst of all the exciting possibilities, however, we also need to remember that less-exciting maintenance and prevention activities must take place, ... read more about spraying techniques february 6 selecting the best fuel pump for sale fuel transfer pumps provide the safest and most efficient means of conveying fuel to a desired location. a good fuel transfer tank with pump can deliver gasoline and other liquids quickly, making your fuel transferring tasks that much easier. so, ... read more about fuel pumps february 1 the first step in keeping your bale moving efforts running smoothly what's the first thing you think about when shopping for a bale mover for sale? top quality? the best price? the brands that have worked well for you in the past? these are all worthwhile concerns, and our aim is to provide you with the best ... read more about bale moving january 30 why we're proud of our selection of fill-rite pumps fill-rite pumps are one of the top choices you can make for your fuel and chemical transferring jobs. so, what is it that makes choosing a fill-rite fuel transfer pump a better choice than many other brands? the important things to look for in a ... read more about our fill rite pumps january 24 we can help you find the bale mover that will serve you best at agri supply, we know that bale moving is a tough and important task on the farm – one that requires quality tools and machinery to ensure safety, speed, and efficiency on the job. we also know that one size doesn’t necessarily fit all when it ... read more about finding a bale mover january 11 basic safety considerations for fuel pumps and accessories operating fuel transfer pumps is often a requirement for transferring fuel to agricultural equipment, and having the right fuel transfer tank with pump can keep your farming or construction implements powered and running efficiently. however, even ... read more about fuel pumps october 27 handy power sources on the farm sometimes a source of power is required, but is tough to come by, especially in distant areas on the field. thankfully, with the help of a 540 pto gearbox, a 540 pto shaft, and the right pto shaft parts, power transmission can be achieved for a ... read more about power sources 17 oct safety with pto equipment the pto drive shaft on a tractor can distribute the energy required to run pto-driven tools and machinery. a 540 pto shaft rotates very fast – much faster than the operator of a pto-driven implement can move. this potent equipment is extremely ... read more about pto safety october 5 why you should observe safety practices with bale movers the first thing most of us would focus on when choosing a bale mover or other piece of equipment for sale is quality, and hopefully getting a great deal – in fact, we’re here to provide you with both those things. nevertheless, while those ... read more about bale moving safe practices september 26 choosing the best bale moving equipment when it comes to bale moving – one of the toughest tasks on the farm – farmers have a lot of options in the type of bale moving equipment they choose to employ for the task. that means, however, it’s best to consider all the options carefully, and ... read more about bale moving equipment august 2 three essential tools for life on a small farm with so many options in farm equipment for sale to choose from, which tools do most farmers deem truly essential? even with daily advances in agricultural science, the answer tends to remain the same. though the types of equipment may vary, the ... read more about farm essential tools july 26 is it time to upgrade your farming equipment? farming today has more diverse methods and innovations in equipment and parts than ever, with an added focus on rapidity and efficiency. any experienced farmer will tell you, however, that speed without precision is useless – you also have to have ... read more about upgrading equipment july 1 late summer or fall gardening we have reached the middle of the year and many gardens and farms have already harvested or are being harvested now. so, what do we do with the rest of the garden now? why not enter the "second season" of gardening? july and august are great months ... read more about gardening june 15 do you need to upgrade or replace your mowing equipment? we've hit the warmer, growing months, which means our mowers are once again getting a good workout. and because of the hard work our mowers do, at some point in the life of our equipment there comes a time when we need to decide what to ... read more about replacing mowing equipment june 6 lawnmower maintenance tips for lasting success too many of us have had the experience of preparing for the task of mowing, only to discover that our mower will not start, or that it isn't in optimum working condition. this often happens because we've neglected to provide the maintenance ... read more about lawnmower maintenance may 16 box blades: how might one make your work easier? if you have a tractor, you probably know how much can be accomplished by having the right implements and attachments. the most basic machinery can, in fact, accomplish some of the toughest work when you know how to use it well. a tough, quality, ... read more about box blades may 11 using box blades for leveling projects – what to expect indispensable for a wide variety of landscaping projects, box scraper blades are chiefly used for the important tasks of leveling the ground and spreading materials evenly. those experienced with agricultural equipment and landscaping can use them ... read more about box blades for leveling projects may 4 custer's led technology lights the way custer products' range of high-performance lights most frequently utilize light-emitting diodes (leds) to achieve bright beam patterns, while keeping energy usage to a minimum. led's have been around for decades, so why are they suddenly so popular ... read more about led technology april 27 maintain your hydraulic hose assemblies to avoid unnecessary dangers and repairs the work accomplished by hydraulic hose systems may not be complicated, but it's important, heavy-duty work that requires attention to detail. when operated properly, hydraulic machinery is capable of producing significant force, conveyed cleverly ... read more about hydraulic hose assemblies april 21 pto basics so, you bought a tractor, have some land and now ready to get the earth ready for planting. the pto shaft is a very important piece of equipment for your tractor, as transport power from the tractor to the equipment behind the tractor. ... read more about pto basics april 18 the importance of carefully selecting the hydraulic cylinder equipment you need the beauty of 2-stage hydraulic cylinders is that they enable direct movement and power, minus the necessity of motorized components or devices. because a 2-way hydraulic cylinder is the main component allowing the hydraulic power system to ... read more about hydraulic cylinder equipment april 12 how to measure lawn mower blades what are some of the signs that it might be time to replace your lawn mower blade? if the mower is not cutting well or skipping spots, it's probably time. for mowers with more than one blade, you may notice that you don't seem to get the full ... read more about lawn mower blades march 6 handy tools and tips for maintaining your tractor before you start to consider tractor attachments and tractor accessories for sale, think about the state of your current equipment. you want to be sure tractor attachments for gardening and tractor attachment parts are attached to equipment that's ... read more about maintaining your tractor march 2 top six tractor attachments to make your life easier you'd be surprised to learn how many tractor attachments are available for sale. there are parts and attachments available to make your tractor useful in hundreds of ways you may not have even imagined. and while it's great to have all these ... read more about tractor attachments february 13 keulavator™ for cultivating the keulavator™ is a category 1 cultivator frame that allows you to hill, shape, ridge, and bed your garden or farm. during the phase of tilling before planting, this cultivator can be used with a number of attachments like sweeps, hillers, ... read more about keulavator™ for cultivating january 27 top five considerations for choosing an agricultural sprayer best suited to your spraying needs agricultural crop spraying is a process used to apply herbicides, pesticides, and fertilizers. the goal in using agricultural sprayers is to encourage growth and prevent loss of crops due to pests—including weeds—and to prevent plant diseases. ... read more about agricultural sprayers january 17 top factors to consider when choosing an agricultural sprayer and parts agricultural spraying is a method used to apply herbicides, pesticides, and fertilizers on agricultural crops. there are a variety of sprayer types and parts to consider, based on the task at hand. the quality and condition of your current ... read more about agricultural sprayer factors december 3 how to season cast iron cast iron typically receives its share of wear and tear. skillets, dutch ovens, griddles, and pots can get rusty over time but can easily be brought back to life with seasoning. if you have just recently purchased some cast iron cookware, you can ... read more about seasoning cast iron november 3 disc blade terminology & usage disc blades, or disc harrow blades, are used to till soil before planting crops or at the end of the season to chop up the unwanted remainders. the main types of disc harrow blades are notched disc blades and plain disc blades, distinguished by the edge of the blade ... read more about disc blade terminology august 10 how to make your own poultry waterer the following instructions will show you how to build a vertical waterer. this waterer can be used in a simple or complex watering system. through a series of pvc piping, you can connect your waterer to a 5 gallon bucket, small holding tank or a water hose ... read more about poultry waterers don't miss out! keep up on our always evolving product features, events, content and so much more. enter your email address and subscribe to our series of e-newsletters and information. sign up today! agri supply on facebook agri supply on instagram agri supply on youtube information about agri supply® customer service returns and warranty asc gift cards printable order form track your shipment my account faqs contact us more information view online catalog request a catalog shopping lists career opportunities recall notice accessibility statement email privacy policy privacy policy terms of use store locations garner, nc greenville, nc lumberton, nc monroe, nc florence, sc petersburg, va statesboro, ga tifton, ga valdosta, ga copyright © 1962 - 2023 agri supply® and agri-direct®. all rights reserved. powered by kaliocommerce™