来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101225163406/http://www.edimensional.com/faq.php
================================================================================

edimensional 3d glasses and innovative pc gaming accessories edimensional newsletter sign up to receive monthly product updates and special offers. privacy policy shopping cart0 items select a currency:us dollareurouk poundcanadian $australian $japanese yenbrazillian reais specials3d cd roms$5.95$0.99 welcome to the edimensional frequently asked questions page. please look for your question below to find the answer. if you have a new question that isn't listed, please contact us with your question. general purchasing questions why should i purchase from edimensional? how much does shipping cost? click here to view the edimensional holiday shipping schedule. where does edimensional ship to? what payment options do you accept? are the products in stock? is payment over the internet secure? how long does it take to ship the product once i order? how can i find out about new e-d offers and products? will the products improve my gaming? what is the warranty on the edimensional products? i sent an email and i haven't heard back. what if i want to return my product for some reason? i still have questions! how do i contact you? 3d glasses what is the difference between wired and wireless glasses? can i wear the e-d glasses over prescription glasses? what games work with the e-d glasses? how do i turn my e-d glasses on and off? can i use more than one pair at once? what type of computer do i need to run the glasses? will i need to open my computer to install the glasses? are there any side effects to using the glasses? can i use the e-d glasses on a lcd monitor? what type of tv do i need for the virtualfx? can i use the e-d glasses on my television or projector? voice buddy what is voice buddy? do i need to train voice buddy to recognize my voice? what titles work with voice buddy? can voice buddy be used with other edimensional products? what type of computer do i need to run voice buddy? can i use my own microphone with voice buddy? what languages does voice buddy understand and does voice buddy require a specific language version of the title? can i customize voice buddy? how large are the instant downloads? g-pad pro what is the g-pad pro? does the g-pad pro support rumble? what platforms does the g-pad pro support? what games work with the g-pad pro? will edimensional be offering a ps3 or xbox 360 version of the g-pad pro? audiofx what is the difference between the audiofx and audiofx pro 5+1? can the audiofx headsets be used for movies or music in addition to gaming? can i use the audiofx on my game consoles like ps3 or xbox 360? can i use the microphone on the audiofx for online chat? does the force feedback hurt? general purchasing questions why should i purchase from edimensional? edimensional is a profitable company that has been in business for over 5 years, built on our reputation for high-quality products and exceptional customer service. we have tens of thousands of customers worldwide and a staff working around the clock to make sure we meet all of your needs. we 100% guarantee a secure shopping environment and that your personal information is never disclosed to anyone, ever. our website uses the highest level of data encryption possible and data is maintained in a secure server environment. you should feel comfortable ordering from edimensional. ultimately we guarantee your 100% satisfaction with all of our products and your entire shopping experience. back to top how much does shipping cost? edimensional offers several shipping options for your convenience. domestic shipping from the us is handled by fedex and starts at about $6 for standard 3-5 business day delivery with faster options available for an additional charge. international shipping starts at about $19 to most countries. express options include a tracking number, the standard options do not always include a tracking number and delivery times are only estimates. exact prices are based on weight and location and are calculated as you complete the order process. you will always know the final cost and be able to select your shipping options before submitting your credit card information. we use standard rates and never add a handling charge. back to top click here to view the edimensional holiday shipping schedule. for orders within the us: ground delivery is guaranteed when you order before 3 pm est on the 17th to all locations. ground delivery is still available to mid-west and eastern states up until 20th. for 3 day air order by 5 pm on the 21st. for 2 day air order by 5 pm on the 22nd. for overnight order by 5 pm on the 23rd. please note that fedex is closed on december 25. international for international shipping options, please select only fedex or express shipping options for guaranteed delivery. us postal service options are estimates and can take considerably longer during the holiday period. fedex shipping options are guaranteed until 5pm est on the 22nd. please note that delivery guarantees by couriers during christmas week generally mean delivery before christmas, but may arrive a bit later than normally scheduled. couriers will be working over the weekend to ensure deliveries arrive.back to top where does edimensional ship to? edimensional ships worldwide to every country via fedex or us postal service delivery. please note that if you are an international customer, you are responsible for any local taxes that may be incurred.back to top what payment options do you accept? we offer many payment options as well as ordering procedures. we accept visa, mastercard, american express and diners club credit cards. additionally, we accept paypal which allows you to pay via check, as well as the credit and debit cards including discover, switch, solo, and visa electron. while we use the highest level of encryption on our website, if you don't feel comfortable processing your credit card online or don't possess a credit card, we offer bank transfer, paypal, cod, check and money order payment options. you can also call our order hotline at 1-866-to buy e-d (866-862-8933) from the us, 0871 711 5245 from the uk, or 1+561-833-2199 internationally and our sales representatives will be happy to assist you by phone. please see the contact us section of this site for our mailing address. you may also fax your order in to 775-942-4664. any other sales inquiries can be directed to sales@edimensional.com. we work hard to make your shopping experience a great one. back to top are the products in stock? yes. we always do our best to make sure we have all items stocked and ready to ship promptly. all products are currently in stock and available for immediate shipment. back to top is payment over the internet secure? edimensional utilizes the highest level 128 bit encrpytion of all personal information by verisign, the leader in internet security. we can offer a full-coverage guarantee that your payment is 100% secure and at no time does any person, including edimensional employees, ever see your credit card information. that includes information you choose to store in your account for future use. all data is processed on a secure server and then issued a transaction reference number different than your credit card number. you are of course welcome to contact us by phone to place your order using a credit card or one of our alternative payment methods if you so choose.back to top how long does it take to ship the product once i order? most orders ship the very same day! all orders ship within 1 business day, so you'll receive your purchase in the fastest possible time. remember, all shipping is counted in business days.back to top how can i find out about new e-d offers and products? make sure to check our site frequently and sign up for our monthly newsletter at the top of this page. we will email you all new promotions as well as brand new product offerings and industry happenings. we never share your email address with any third parties.back to top will the products improve my gaming? yes! imagine having intuitive depth perception in a simulator or no longer having to waste valuable time hunting for the right key to detonate a weapon. imagine targeting a bogey just by staring him down or feeling the footsteps of an approaching enemy that you can't even see. our products are designed for the gamer who demands the most realistic game play experience possible while actually improving your game performance. back to top what is the warranty on the edimensional products? all of our products come with a comprehensive 90 day full warranty. in the rare case that your product is defective, let us know and we'll immediately have it replaced at no charge. back to top i sent an email and i haven't heard back. edimensional responds to all emails promptly and in the order in which they are received. the #1 reason customers might not receive a response is because email spam filters are inadvertently blocking our reply. sending several copies of the same email will not cause your email to get answered more quickly. instead, please double check your spam filters to make sure our email didn't get placed in your spam box incorrectly. with our new customer service management system, you should receive an acknowledgement of us receiving your email shortly after you send it. if you have a sales question, you can also contact us directly by phone at 1-866-862-8933 in the us, 0871 711 5245 in the uk and 1+561-833-2199 internationally. we are standing by and ready to assist you.back to top what if i want to return my product for some reason? all of our products come with our iron-clad 30 day satisfaction guarantee. all returns need to receive prior authorization. virtually all issues can be easily resolved to get any product working at a high level of satisfaction. if you have questions or require return information, simply contact our customer support here and tell us your problem. if we can't work it out we will promptly issue you an rma number, no questions asked! back to top i still have questions! how do i contact you? no problem, feel free to contact our sales team by phone or email and we'll be happy to answer any questions you have on any of our products. please click here or contact us tab at the top of this page to view our complete contact information.back to top 3d glasses what is the difference between wired and wireless glasses? they function exactly the same, the only difference is how they receive their signal to turn on. the wired glasses access it directly through the wire attached to the glasses. the wireless glasses receive a signal via an infrared transmitter similar to a remote control for a television. you do not lose quality or performance by going with one system over another.back to top can i wear the e-d glasses over prescription glasses? certainly. the e-d glasses are adjustable and have enough room between the lens and the eye to comfortably slip them over your prescription eyeglasses. we have had many customers test this out and have said they are surprisingly comfortable. back to top what games work with the e-d glasses? there is no need to purchase special games to work with the e-d glasses. virtually all of the games you already own work instantly and automatically by integrating with the free software that come packaged with all our glasses. new games also generally work great when they are first released without having to update your software. just install our patented software one time and your games and the latest titles will automatically be converted into the format for 3d viewing. you do not sacrifice game performance or quality when using the glasses. back to top how do i turn my e-d glasses on and off? both wired and wireless e-d glasses can be turned on and off with the touch of a button, even during game play. you can toggle the effect on and off as you like. additionally, our new wireless glasses have an on/off button on them. they also turn off automatically when removed from the range of the signal. back to top can i use more than one pair at once? absolutely. with our wireless e-d glasses, you simply need to purchase a spare pair of glasses only for $49 and you can have an unlimited amount of glasses working off a single transmitter. for wired glasses, you cannot plug in additional wired units, but can purchase a transmitter and pair of wireless glasses (our wireless upgrade kit) to add more people as necessary. back to top what type of computer do i need to run the glasses? you don't need a specific type of computer (dell, compaq, gateway, hp, etc.), however you must use an external monitor (no laptop screens). you can use any video card and both crt and lcd monitors with our 3d glasses. any pc powerful enough to run your games sufficiently is powerful enough to use our glasses. you should be using windows xp, vista or 7 and have a dvi or vga monitor connection.back to top will i need to open my computer to install the glasses? nope. the setup of the glasses is very simple and requires you to only plug in the glasses to the back of any computer. no extensive computer experience is needed and you do not need any special ports or open usb slots.back to top are there any side effects to using the glasses? we have thoroughly tested the e-d glasses to make sure they conform to various safety standards. we do not recommend the glasses for users prone to epileptic seizures, however, they are perfectly safe for everyday use for hours at a time with no long term side effects. the glasses have various settings that can be adjusted even while in the middle of a game to change the effect to fit your personal preference. back to top can i use the e-d glasses on a lcd monitor? yes! we are pleased to offer new support for lcd monitors as well as standard crt monitors. the new model of glasses work on both. you can also use a laptop, provided you attach an external lcd or crt monitor. customers with the earlier crt-only model will need to purchase the new model in order to support lcd screens. back to top what type of tv do i need for the virtualfx? the virtualfx requires a standard crt (tube) television. it is not compatible with projection screens or plasma tvs at this time.back to top can i use the e-d glasses on my television or projector? with our new television virtualfx system and 3d dvd kits, you can watch a variety of titles in real 3d on your standard tv, just like in a 3d movie theater. for our pc systems, we have not tested all projectors, but customers report success with dlp and crt projectors. in addition, we now offer the depthq stereoscopic projector which is capable of flicker-free full resolution 3d. back to top voice buddy what is voice buddy? voice buddy is the world's first truly interactive voice recognition gaming companion. voice buddy offers much more than speech recognition. through extensive programming and proprietary speech technology, voice buddy is trained to recognize proper commands and execute them with precision, all while providing the user with confirmation and real time relevant game data. additionally, voice buddy includes the new interactive training feature which allows the user to receive answers to common game-specific questions in real time without having to pause and consult a help file or manual. with voice buddy, the user no longer requires a keyboard or to ever execute a command using an unrealistic key command, only the true voice command as if you were in the actual situation.back to top do i need to train voice buddy to recognize my voice? no. voice buddy utilizes new speech recognition technologies that allow a vocabulary to be pre-programmed for a virtually training-free experience. however, voice buddy does offer a brief custom training application to optimize use if necessary in just minutes. back to top what titles work with voice buddy? voice buddy now offers re-configured profiles for over 60 popular titles in a variety of gaming genres including flight simulation, fps, rpg, racing sims, and rts. many more titles in a variety of genres are under development and are being released on a regular basis. new with voice buddy 3.0, you can create your own game profiles for virtually any title easily with our game profile wizard.back to top can voice buddy be used with other edimensional products? absolutely! we encourage you to add our critically acclaimed 3d glasses for the ultimate simulation experience. all products work great together. additionally, voice buddy is available and certified for use with our new audiofx force feedback gaming headset for a reduced price. back to top what type of computer do i need to run voice buddy? voice buddy will run on any type of pc running windows xp or vista. it will work on multiple-monitor or projector configurations, as well as lcd screens. any pc that can run your current games is more than sufficient to run voice buddy. unfortunately windows 98 and me do not support the advanced speech engine that voice buddy utilizes.back to top can i use my own microphone with voice buddy? yes. we recommend a high quality microphone with stereo headset that includes noise cancellation and is certified for speech recognition. you cannot use voice buddy with a regular desktop microphone, it must be part of a headset for proper performance. our high-performance audiofx force feedback headset offers these and many more features as well as a comfortable feel for extended use. this headset is offered at a discount when purchased as part of the voice buddy package, or customers can choose to purchase the software alone. back to top what languages does voice buddy understand and does voice buddy require a specific language version of the title? currently voice buddy recognizes only the english language. however, various accents and linguistic variations are supported so you do not need to speak fluent english to use voice buddy successfully. voice buddy will work just fine with any language version of a game, including german, japanese, spanish, french, english, etc.. voice buddy only listens to, understands and learns from the commands that are spoken to it in standard english. voice buddy "speaks" to the game in computer code. so, it does not matter what language the title uses to communicate with you. back to top can i customize voice buddy? yes. voice buddy has a powerful command administrator with all the tools you need to easily customize any command, add delete or create an entirely new set of voice commands and checklists. back to top how large are the instant downloads? voice buddy is about 70 mb, so this is typically best to download on a broadband connection. we offer voice buddy as a download or you can select to have it shipped to you.back to top g-pad pro what is the g-pad pro? the g-pad pro is a new motion sensing gamepad for the pc or playstation 2. it includes rumble plus patented motion sensing technology that allows you to control analog stick or d-pad movement with natual hand motions. you still have access to all standard control buttons and you can also create custom configurations for both the buttons/controls as well as the motion sensing. there are many possible ways to configure the g-pad pro to maximize your unique gameplay style and improve gameplay performance.back to top does the g-pad pro support rumble? yes! the g-pad pro is the only motion sensing gamepad that utilizes dual rumble motors and is officially licensed by immersion, the patent holders for all gamepad rumble support. we have thoroughly tested the rumble feature in conjunction with motion sensing and optimally configured the controller to utilize both of these technologies.back to top what platforms does the g-pad pro support? currently the g-pad pro is offered in pc and ps2 versions. back to top what games work with the g-pad pro? any regular game is supported by the g-pad pro! since the g-pad pro does not require built-in support from the developer and replicates existing control options coded into standard controllers, no special games or game patches are required. some games may lend themselves better to motion sensing than others. however, whether it's steering a race car or controlling a soldier, the g-pad pro can handle it. back to top will edimensional be offering a ps3 or xbox 360 version of the g-pad pro? we certainly believe next generation consoles would benefit greatly from the combination of motion sensing and rumble that the g-pad pro provides so you can be sure that we're working on it. edimensional check the site often for the latest developments!back to top audiofx what is the difference between the audiofx and audiofx pro 5+1? the original acclaimed audiofx introduced our unique force feedback feature within a headset catering specifically to gamers. the clear positional sound, comfortable design and flexible noise-canceling mic provide an excellent value. the new audiofx pro 5+1 improves on these great features providing a digital usb connection for both audio and mic, surround sound audio, an oval ear cup design, a custom design by renowned modder benheck and lots more. both models are the only teamspeak certified headsets. the new audiofx pro 5+1 also includes software for full audio customization and is just a bit more expensive than the standard audiofx. back to top can the audiofx headsets be used for movies or music in addition to gaming? absolutely. the same features that make the audiofx great for gaming also make for a great movie and music listening experience on your pc.back to top can i use the audiofx on my game consoles like ps3 or xbox 360? at this time, both audiofx models are designed primarily for the pc. it is possible to connect the standard audiofx to your tv audio analog out and send the tv audio through the headset. the audiofx pro 5+1 can detect chat audio through the ps3, but unfortunately at this time neither model supports the microphone feature on a game console. please be assured we are looking into this as a potential optional accessory. the audiofx pro 5+1 also supports the mac. back to top can i use the microphone on the audiofx for online chat? absolutely, the microphone works perfectly with applications such as skype, google talk and other online chat programs.back to top does the force feedback hurt? absolutely not! the force feedback is similar to the sensation you notice when sitting in a big movie theater with big surround sound speakers and lots of bass. you can feel the bass, but it is subtle and does not shake your head in any way. it's just enough to detect that enemy behind the door. it's also fully adjustable so you can suit it to your preference.back to top © copyright 1999-2010, edimensional, inc., all rights reserved.