来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231000718/https://www.tiffany.com/customer-service/
================================================================================

customer service | tiffany & co. banneritem 1 order now for delivery by december 24. center shipping-banner purchases made on this site will ship to u.s. addresses only. do you want to shop the u.s. site? shop the u.s. site or choose location americas united states canada (english) canada (francais) méxico brazil europe united kingdom austria belgium france deutschland ireland italy netherlands españa россия asia / pacific 日本 中国大陆 香港/澳門特別行政區 台灣地區 한국 australia all other locations international jewelry shop by category necklaces & pendants bracelets earrings rings charms explore all categories shop by metal/gemstone diamond jewelry gold jewelry rose gold jewelry sterling silver jewelry pearl jewelry colored gemstone jewelry curated shops new jewelry high jewelry statement silver jewelry most popular jewelry chain necklaces tennis bracelets stud earrings hoop earrings featured collections tiffany t tiffany victoria® tiffany hardwear return to tiffany® tiffany keys elsa peretti® paloma picasso® tiffany & co. schlumberger® explore all collections love & engagement engagement suite engagement rings the guide to diamonds a lifetime of service the journey of a tiffany diamond book an appointment with a diamond expert explore all engagement wedding men’s wedding bands women’s wedding bands wedding band sets when you know, you know shop engagement rings watches curated shops women’s watches men’s watches patek philippe explore all watches shop by collection atlas® watches tiffany 1837® makers watches tiffany cocktail watches tiffany metro watches tiffany east west® watches timeless in tiffany shop atlas® watches home & accessories home tableware bar & drinkware coffee & tea desk accessories decor games & novelties baby explore all home accessories men’s accessories women’s accessories leather goods sunglasses key rings money clips pets explore all accessories luxe leather shop now fragrance shop by collection tiffany eau de parfum tiffany & love tiffany & co. wild iris parfum shop all fragrance on the scent: tiffany & co. wild iris parfum explore the story men’s shop by category necklaces & pendants bracelets rings accessories watches bar & drinkware games & novelties explore all men’s shop by collection tiffany t tiffany 1837® makers diamond point for the modern man shop men’s jewelry gifts gifts for... holiday her him baby the couple the home anniversary gifts birthday gifts explore all gifts discover love symbols gifts $500 & under most coveted gifts gifts to personalize tiffany blue® elsa peretti® designs fragrance designs you deserve shop the story what's new top stories last-minute gift inspiration tiffany holiday traditions our most meaningful gifts designs you deserve explore all what’s new more to explore sustainability our diamond traceability story high jewelry the world of tiffany our most meaningful gifts shop the story jewelry jewelry shop by category necklaces & pendants bracelets earrings rings charms explore all categories shop by metal/gemstone diamond jewelry gold jewelry rose gold jewelry sterling silver jewelry pearl jewelry colored gemstone jewelry curated shops new jewelry high jewelry statement silver jewelry most popular jewelry chain necklaces tennis bracelets stud earrings hoop earrings featured collections tiffany t tiffany victoria® tiffany hardwear return to tiffany® tiffany keys elsa peretti® paloma picasso® tiffany & co. schlumberger® explore all collections necklaces &amp; pendants shop now love & engagement love & engagement engagement suite engagement rings the guide to diamonds a lifetime of service the journey of a tiffany diamond book an appointment with a diamond expert explore all engagement wedding men’s wedding bands women’s wedding bands wedding band sets when you know, you know shop engagement rings watches watches curated shops women’s watches men’s watches patek philippe explore all watches shop by collection atlas® watches tiffany 1837® makers watches tiffany cocktail watches tiffany metro watches tiffany east west® watches timeless in tiffany shop atlas® watches home & accessories home & accessories home tableware bar & drinkware coffee & tea desk accessories decor games & novelties baby explore all home accessories men’s accessories women’s accessories leather goods sunglasses key rings money clips pets explore all accessories luxe leather shop now fragrance fragrance shop by collection tiffany eau de parfum tiffany & love tiffany & co. wild iris parfum shop all fragrance on the scent: tiffany &amp; co. wild iris parfum explore the story men’s men’s shop by category necklaces & pendants bracelets rings accessories watches bar & drinkware games & novelties explore all men’s shop by collection tiffany t tiffany 1837® makers diamond point for the modern man shop men’s jewelry gifts gifts gifts for... holiday her him baby the couple the home anniversary gifts birthday gifts explore all gifts discover love symbols gifts $500 & under most coveted gifts gifts to personalize tiffany blue® elsa peretti® designs fragrance designs you deserve shop the story what's new what's new top stories last-minute gift inspiration tiffany holiday traditions our most meaningful gifts designs you deserve explore all what’s new more to explore sustainability our diamond traceability story high jewelry the world of tiffany our most meaningful gifts<br /> shop the story customer service my account store locator tiffany at your service there’s no question too small or request too big for our tiffany customer service experts. from choosing an engagement ring or gift to providing effortless one-on-one appointments or product care and repair, we’re always at your service. contact us call us at 800 843 3269 contact a diamond expert hours of operation: monday–friday: 8:00am–12:00am est    saturday–sunday: 8:00am–10:00pm est book an appointment tailored just for you, our in-store and virtual appointments are designed to make your day easier. whether you need help finding the perfect gift, celebrating an upcoming milestone or jewelry style advice, we’re here to help. book now welcome back in store our stores are continuing to implement social distancing guidelines, additional cleaning procedures and other necessary safety measures in store to provide a safe shopping experience find your nearest store frequently asked questions how do i care for my jewelry? since 1837, tiffany & co. has maintained the highest standards in design, materials and craftsmanship, creating jewelry that has been passed down from generation to generation. with some simple, basic care, you can help preserve and protect your jewelry for years to come. over time, fine jewelry can become a treasured family heirloom if it is cared for properly. dust, pollution and daily wear all conspire to cloud the brilliance of gemstones. the surface of gold, platinum and silver jewelry can become dulled. timeworn prongs and clasps can result in the loss of a stone or an entire piece of jewelry. professional cleanings are recommended as often as once a year. we encourage you to bring your tiffany & co. jewelry back to us for professional servicing. our staff is knowledgeable and experienced in all aspects of jewelry care, including cleaning gemstones, restringing pearls and repairing clasps and earring backs. tiffany & co. sterling silver jewelry tiffany only uses sterling silver, one of the most beautiful and lustrous of all metals. sterling silver is a precious metal and may require cleaning from time to time. with proper care, your silver will retain its beauty and character for many generations to come. the first rule of silver care sterling silver tarnishes, especially when exposed to salt air and products containing sulfur, such as rubber bands and some papers. however, silver that is regularly used typically needs less care, so tiffany strongly encourages you to wear your silver every day. general silver care using a small amount of tiffany’s silver jewelry cleaner on a soft cloth, gently rub the silver several times. then rinse the silver thoroughly in warm water and carefully dry. this will remove the tarnish and dullness, keeping your sterling silver like new. please note: chlorine and bleach accelerate tarnishing and should be avoided. special considerations an oxidized finish is the deliberate blackening of crevices in the ornamentation of a silver object to make its decorative details stand out more clearly. take care as this finish can be removed by overzealous cleaning and polishing. storing silver once cleaned and polished, silver must be kept dry and properly stored. our tiffany blue® flannel bags will protect it from abrasion and offer a degree of tarnish prevention. bags made of pacific cloth are also very effective in preventing tarnish. silver polishing services are available for sterling silver jewelry, flatware and hollowware items manufactured by tiffany & co. if you wish to have your silver polished, please contact your nearest tiffany & co. store or call customer service at 800 843 3269. view customer service hours gold and platinum jewelry between professional servicing, most gold and platinum jewelry can be maintained with a non-abrasive cleaner. examine your jewelry regularly to make sure settings are snug and clasps and joinings are secure. avoid exposing gold jewelry to household bleach, which will quickly cause gold to discolor and possibly disintegrate. jewelry storage is important as well. at the time of purchase, all tiffany & co. jewelry is wrapped in a protective box, case or tarnish-resistant pouch. between wearings, we recommend that you place it back in its original case or another suitably lined box or pouch. gemstone jewelry certain basic precautions should be taken with all of your jewelry. however, some gemstones, as outlined in this section, require special care. take care to protect your jewelry from impact against hard surfaces and avoid contact with abrasive surfaces. even a diamond can chip if hit with enough force or at just the right angle. many stones such as amethyst, emerald, kunzite, opal, pearl, peridot, tanzanite and tourmaline are very delicate and easily abraded. enamel can also chip or scratch when struck. gemstones can scratch other gemstones and wear away at precious metals. therefore, avoid stacking those rings and bracelets that would be vulnerable to such abrasion. extreme temperatures, perfumes, cosmetics, ultrasonic cleaning and household chemicals can also damage jewelry. to clean diamonds, use a mild solution of six parts water to one part ammonia and apply with a soft bristle brush. if worn often, pearls should be cleaned and restrung professionally once a year. between cleanings, wipe pearls gently with a damp cloth. download full gemstone care pdf rubedo® metal jewelry a unique tiffany metal, rubedo® metal captures the rose luminescence of dawn. maintaining the beauty of this radiant metal is simple and with proper care, your rubedo® metal designs can last for generations. rubedo® metal care like sterling silver, rubedo® metal can tarnish, especially when exposed to salt air and products containing sulfur, such as rubber bands and some papers. to remove tarnish or fingerprints on rubedo® metal, use tiffany silver polish or another quality brand. some “dip” polishes contain harsh chemicals and should be avoided. electrolytic cleaning (aluminum foil, salt and baking soda in a water base) is not recommended. begin by using a soft cloth or sponge to apply the polish. rub each piece gently but firmly lengthwise, using straight, even strokes. wash in sudsy water, being sure to remove all the polish. rinse well in warm water, dry thoroughly and buff gently with a soft cloth. storing rubedo® metal once cleaned and polished, rubedo® metal must be kept and properly stored. our tiffany blue® flannel bags will protect it from abrasion and offer a degree of tarnish prevention. bags made of pacific cloth are also very effective in preventing tarnish. if the climate is humid, place a small packet of demoisturizing crystals (e.g., silica gel) inside the bag. how do i measure ring size? tiffany & co. uses standard u.s. ring sizes. refer to our measurement chart or the ruler found in our size guide here. how can i make returns or exchanges? tiffany & co. offers complimentary shipping for any item that you’d like to return. simply click here for tco returns rsc to print out a shipping label. then drop off your package at the nearest ups or fedex location, depending on which label you receive. view customer service hours articles are accepted for credit or exchange in the u.s. if returned in saleable condition within 30 days, accompanied by a sales receipt. some exclusions may apply. fragrance must be returned in its original packaging (including water seal stickers) and in salable condition. a refund will be made to the purchaser upon request if payment has been received. gift recipients are entitled to a nonrefundable merchandise credit. cash refunds are not available for returns made at retail locations. to return or exchange your gift selection, please follow the instructions included with your package. does tiffany & co. offer resizing? tiffany & co. offers resizing for select items. please contact customer service at 800 843 3269 to learn more. does tiffany & co. offer financing or payment plans for engagement ring purchases? we want you to have the ring of your dreams. we offer tiffany select financing, which provides interest-free financing for all engagement rings, for u.s. customers only. if you are interested in tiffany select financing for an engagement ring purchase, please contact a diamond expert at 800 518 5555. complete an application contact a diamond expert view all questions home customer service sign out of sales service mode customer service contact us product care & repair book an appointment frequently asked questions gift cards sign up for tiffany emails our company world of tiffany sustainability investors tiffany careers website policies california privacy do not sell my info related tiffany sites wedding & gift registry business accounts tiffany for the press the tiffany & co. foundation site index customer service contact us product care & repair book an appointment frequently asked questions gift cards our company world of tiffany sustainability investors tiffany careers website policies california privacy do not sell my info related tiffany sites wedding & gift registry business accounts tiffany for the press the tiffany & co. foundation site index latest from tiffany be the first to know about exciting new designs, special events, store openings and much more. email sign up change location: united states americas united states canada (english) canada (français) mexico brazil europe united kingdom austria belgium france deutschland ireland italia netherlands españa россия asia/pacific 日本 中国大陆 香港/澳門特別行政區 台灣地區 한국 australia all other locations international © t&co. 2020 © t&co. 2020