来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231190715/https://www.tiffany.com/customer-service/
================================================================================

client care | tiffany & co. banneritem 1 complimentary in-store pickup available at select locations. center banneritem 2 find the perfect gift with our selection under $1,500. shop now. center purchases made on this site will ship to u.s. addresses only. do you want to shop the u.s. site? shop the u.s. site or choose location americas united states canada (english) canada (francais) méxico brazil europe united kingdom austria belgium france deutschland ireland italy netherlands españa россия asia / pacific 日本 中国大陆 香港/澳門特別行政區 台灣地區 india 한국 australia malaysia singapore all other locations international contact us jewelry shop by category necklaces & pendants earrings bracelets rings fine watches brooches men's jewelry explore all categories curated shops gifts for her most popular jewelry new jewelry high jewelry bold silver jewelry dainty jewelry hoop earrings stacking rings shop by metal gold jewelry rose gold jewelry platinum jewelry sterling silver jewelry shop by gemstone diamond jewelry pearl jewelry aquamarine jewelry colored gemstone jewelry featured collections tiffany lock tiffany t tiffany hardwear tiffany knot tiffany victoria® return to tiffany® elsa peretti® tiffany & co. schlumberger® paloma picasso® explore all collections gifts gifts for... the holidays her him baby the home the couple explore all gifts discover gifts $1,500 & under tiffany blue® gifts holiday exclusives gifts to personalize wedding gifts anniversary gifts birthday gifts business gifts gifts for her shop now love & engagement engagement engagement rings men’s engagement rings book an appointment wedding women's wedding bands men's wedding bands wedding band sets couples' rings begin your journey the tiffany difference the guide to diamonds a lifetime of service a tiffany ring responsible sourcing how to choose an engagement ring how to choose a wedding band shop by shape round oval emerald princess tiffany true® cushion shop by setting solitaire halo three stone engagement ring collections the tiffany® setting tiffany true® tiffany harmony® tiffany soleste® tiffany novo® tiffany & co. schlumberger® wedding band collections tiffany together tiffany forever t&co.® fine watches shop by category women’s watches men’s watches patek philippe all fine watches curated shops diamond watches tiffany blue watches explore fine watches shop by collection atlas® tiffany 1837® makers tiffany eternity tiffany ct60® tiffany east west® it's about time shop all fine watches home & accessories for the table tableware glassware & barware flatware & trays coffee & tea for the home decor blankets & cushions baby candles explore all home leather goods bags small leather goods accessories scarves & stoles belts sunglasses stationery, games & unique objects key rings explore all leather goods & accessories curated shops women's accessories table by tiffany wedding gifts housewarming gifts elsa peretti home table linens gifts for the home shop now fragrance shop by collection tiffany rose gold tiffany signature tiffany & love shop all fragrance fragrance gifts shop now men’s shop by category necklaces & pendants bracelets rings accessories watches bar & drinkware games & novelties explore all men's discover gifts for him men's engagement rings tiffany & sports the modern man's guide to wearing jewelry for the modern man shop men's jewelry stories now trending blue book 2023 the landmark discover tiffany lock table by tiffany the return to tiffany® x beyoncé collection view all stories the house of tiffany & co. the world of tiffany high jewelry the tiffany diamond tiffany & sports jewelry design and innovation workshop sustainability our diamond traceability story love lock explore the story jewelry jewelry shop by category necklaces & pendants earrings bracelets rings fine watches brooches men's jewelry explore all categories curated shops gifts for her most popular jewelry new jewelry high jewelry bold silver jewelry dainty jewelry hoop earrings stacking rings shop by metal gold jewelry rose gold jewelry platinum jewelry sterling silver jewelry shop by gemstone diamond jewelry pearl jewelry aquamarine jewelry colored gemstone jewelry featured collections tiffany lock tiffany t tiffany hardwear tiffany knot tiffany victoria® return to tiffany® elsa peretti® tiffany & co. schlumberger® paloma picasso® explore all collections necklaces & pendants shop now gifts gifts gifts for... the holidays her him baby the home the couple explore all gifts discover gifts $1,500 & under tiffany blue® gifts holiday exclusives gifts to personalize wedding gifts anniversary gifts birthday gifts business gifts gifts for her shop now love & engagement love & engagement engagement engagement rings men’s engagement rings book an appointment wedding women's wedding bands men's wedding bands wedding band sets couples' rings begin your journey the tiffany difference the guide to diamonds a lifetime of service a tiffany ring responsible sourcing how to choose an engagement ring how to choose a wedding band shop by shape round oval emerald princess tiffany true® cushion shop by setting solitaire halo three stone engagement ring collections the tiffany® setting tiffany true® tiffany harmony® tiffany soleste® tiffany novo® tiffany & co. schlumberger® wedding band collections tiffany together tiffany forever t&co.® about love explore love & engagement fine watches fine watches shop by category women’s watches men’s watches patek philippe all fine watches curated shops diamond watches tiffany blue watches explore fine watches shop by collection atlas® tiffany 1837® makers tiffany eternity tiffany ct60® tiffany east west® it's about time shop all fine watches home & accessories home & accessories for the table tableware glassware & barware flatware & trays coffee & tea for the home decor blankets & cushions baby candles explore all home leather goods bags small leather goods accessories scarves & stoles belts sunglasses stationery, games & unique objects key rings explore all leather goods & accessories curated shops women's accessories table by tiffany wedding gifts housewarming gifts elsa peretti home table linens gifts for the home shop now fragrance fragrance shop by collection tiffany rose gold tiffany signature tiffany & love shop all fragrance fragrance gifts shop now men’s men’s shop by category necklaces & pendants bracelets rings accessories watches bar & drinkware games & novelties explore all men's discover gifts for him men's engagement rings tiffany & sports the modern man's guide to wearing jewelry for the modern man shop men's jewelry stories stories now trending blue book 2023 the landmark discover tiffany lock table by tiffany the return to tiffany® x beyoncé collection view all stories the house of tiffany & co. the world of tiffany high jewelry the tiffany diamond tiffany & sports jewelry design and innovation workshop sustainability our diamond traceability story love lock explore the story contact us book an appointment my account store locator tiffany at your service there’s no question too small or request too big for our tiffany client advisors. from choosing an engagement ring or gift to providing in-store or virtual appointments, we’re always at your service. contact us call 800 843 3269 book an in-store appointment book a virtual appointment track your order client care hours of operations (est): monday–friday: 8:00am–10:00pm est saturday: 9:00am–10:00pm est sunday: 10:00am–10:00pm est how can we assist you? ask a diamond expert book an appointment request a repair find your fit personalize it how can we assist you? ask a diamond expert book an appointment request a repair find your fit personalize it product services we offer cleaning, repair and fit alterations for the lifetime of your tiffany piece. request a service product care explore how to care for your tiffany design’s unique materials, from metal to leather. learn more frequently asked questions how do i care for my jewelry? since 1837, tiffany & co. has maintained the highest standards in design, materials and craftsmanship, creating jewelry that has been passed down from generation to generation. with some simple, basic care, you can help preserve and protect your jewelry for years to come. over time, fine jewelry can become a treasured family heirloom if it is cared for properly. dust, pollution and daily wear all conspire to cloud the brilliance of gemstones. the surface of gold, platinum and silver jewelry can become dulled. timeworn prongs and clasps can result in the loss of a stone or an entire piece of jewelry. professional cleanings are recommended as often as once a year. we encourage you to bring your tiffany & co. jewelry back to us for professional servicing. our staff is knowledgeable and experienced in all aspects of jewelry care, including cleaning gemstones, restringing pearls and repairing clasps and earring backs. tiffany & co. sterling silver jewelry tiffany only uses sterling silver, one of the most beautiful and lustrous of all metals. sterling silver is a precious metal and may require cleaning from time to time. with proper care, your silver will retain its beauty and character for many generations to come. the first rule of silver care sterling silver tarnishes, especially when exposed to salt air and products containing sulfur, such as rubber bands and some papers. however, silver that is regularly used typically needs less care, so tiffany strongly encourages you to wear your silver every day. general silver care using a small amount of tiffany’s silver jewelry cleaner on a soft cloth, gently rub the silver several times. then rinse the silver thoroughly in warm water and carefully dry. this will remove the tarnish and dullness, keeping your sterling silver like new. please note: chlorine and bleach accelerate tarnishing and should be avoided. special considerations an oxidized finish is the deliberate blackening of crevices in the ornamentation of a silver object to make its decorative details stand out more clearly. take care as this finish can be removed by overzealous cleaning and polishing. storing silver once cleaned and polished, silver must be kept dry and properly stored. our tiffany blue® flannel bags will protect it from abrasion and offer a degree of tarnish prevention. bags made of pacific cloth are also very effective in preventing tarnish. silver polishing services are available for sterling silver jewelry, flatware and hollowware items manufactured by tiffany & co. if you wish to have your silver polished, please contact your nearest tiffany & co. store or call customer service at 800 843 3269. view customer service hours gold and platinum jewelry between professional servicing, most gold and platinum jewelry can be maintained with a non-abrasive cleaner. examine your jewelry regularly to make sure settings are snug and clasps and joinings are secure. avoid exposing gold jewelry to household bleach, which will quickly cause gold to discolor and possibly disintegrate. jewelry storage is important as well. at the time of purchase, all tiffany & co. jewelry is wrapped in a protective box, case or tarnish-resistant pouch. between wearings, we recommend that you place it back in its original case or another suitably lined box or pouch. gemstone jewelry certain basic precautions should be taken with all of your jewelry. however, some gemstones, as outlined in this section, require special care. take care to protect your jewelry from impact against hard surfaces and avoid contact with abrasive surfaces. even a diamond can chip if hit with enough force or at just the right angle. many stones such as amethyst, emerald, kunzite, opal, pearl, peridot, tanzanite and tourmaline are very delicate and easily abraded. enamel can also chip or scratch when struck. gemstones can scratch other gemstones and wear away at precious metals. therefore, avoid stacking those rings and bracelets that would be vulnerable to such abrasion. extreme temperatures, perfumes, cosmetics, ultrasonic cleaning and household chemicals can also damage jewelry. to clean diamonds, use a mild solution of six parts water to one part ammonia and apply with a soft bristle brush. if worn often, pearls should be cleaned and restrung professionally once a year. between cleanings, wipe pearls gently with a damp cloth. download full gemstone care pdf rubedo® metal jewelry a unique tiffany metal, rubedo® metal captures the rose luminescence of dawn. maintaining the beauty of this radiant metal is simple and with proper care, your rubedo® metal designs can last for generations. rubedo® metal care like sterling silver, rubedo® metal can tarnish, especially when exposed to salt air and products containing sulfur, such as rubber bands and some papers. to remove tarnish or fingerprints on rubedo® metal, use tiffany silver polish or another quality brand. some “dip” polishes contain harsh chemicals and should be avoided. electrolytic cleaning (aluminum foil, salt and baking soda in a water base) is not recommended. begin by using a soft cloth or sponge to apply the polish. rub each piece gently but firmly lengthwise, using straight, even strokes. wash in sudsy water, being sure to remove all the polish. rinse well in warm water, dry thoroughly and buff gently with a soft cloth. storing rubedo® metal once cleaned and polished, rubedo® metal must be kept and properly stored. our tiffany blue® flannel bags will protect it from abrasion and offer a degree of tarnish prevention. bags made of pacific cloth are also very effective in preventing tarnish. if the climate is humid, place a small packet of demoisturizing crystals (e.g., silica gel) inside the bag. how do i measure ring size? tiffany & co. uses standard u.s. ring sizes. refer to our measurement chart or the ruler found in our size guide here. how can i make returns or exchanges? tiffany & co. offers complimentary shipping for any item that you would like to return. simply click here to print out a shipping label. then drop off your package at the nearest ups or fedex location, depending on which label you receive. alternatively, you may contact one of our client advisors for assistance here or return your items at any of our retail stores in the u.s. to locate the store nearest you, click here. articles are accepted for credit or exchange in the u.s. if returned in a saleable condition within 30 days of purchase, with the sales receipt. exclusions apply, please note: merchandise $75,000 and under will be accepted for return or exchange within 30 days of purchase. merchandise over $75,000 or more will be eligible for exchange within 30 days of purchase. no refunds will be issued for purchases above $75,000. merchandise must be accompanied by all original packaging. this is inclusive of blue boxes, nabuka jewelry boxes, and pouches. watches must be returned with the same number of links presented at purchase and accompanied by the warranty card. fragrance must be returned in its original packaging (including water seal stickers) and in saleable condition. personalized items with engraving, etching, embossing, and other services may not be returned or exchanged. a refund will be made to the purchaser upon request if payment has been received. gift recipients are entitled to a nonrefundable merchandise credit. cash refunds are not available for returns made at retail locations. to return or exchange your gift selection, please follow the instructions included with your package. if you have any questions, please get in touch with our client contact center. does tiffany & co. offer resizing? tiffany & co. offers resizing for select items. please contact customer service at 800 843 3269 to learn more. does tiffany & co. offer financing or payment plans for engagement ring purchases? we want you to have the ring of your dreams. we offer tiffany select financing, which provides interest-free financing for all engagement rings, for u.s. customers only. if you are interested in tiffany select financing for an engagement ring purchase, please contact a diamond expert at 800 518 5555. complete an application contact a diamond expert view all questions home client care sign out of sales service mode client care contact us product care & repair track your order book an appointment frequently asked questions gift cards sign up for tiffany emails website accessibility our company world of tiffany sustainability california privacy tiffany careers website policies do not sell or share my info opt-out of targeted advertising related tiffany sites wedding & gift registry business accounts tiffany for the press the tiffany & co. foundation tiffany alertline site index client care contact us track your order product care & repair book an appointment frequently asked questions gift cards website accessibility our company world of tiffany sustainability california privacy tiffany careers website policies do not sell or share my personal information opt-out of targeted advertising related tiffany sites wedding & gift registry business accounts tiffany for the press the tiffany & co. foundation tiffany alertline site index latest from tiffany be the first to know about exciting new designs, special events, store openings and much more. email sign up change location: united states americas united states canada (english) canada (français) mexico brazil europe united kingdom austria belgium france deutschland ireland italia netherlands españa россия asia/pacific 中国大陆 日本 香港/澳門特別行政區 台湾 한국 australia india malaysia singapore all other locations international © t&co. 2023 © t&co. 2023