来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231190715/https://www.tiffany.com/engagement/the-tiffany-guide-to-diamonds/
================================================================================

diamond 4c education: the tiffany guide to diamonds | tiffany & co. banneritem 1 complimentary in-store pickup available at select locations. center banneritem 2 find the perfect gift with our selection under $1,500. shop now. center purchases made on this site will ship to u.s. addresses only. do you want to shop the u.s. site? shop the u.s. site or choose location americas united states canada (english) canada (francais) méxico brazil europe united kingdom austria belgium france deutschland ireland italy netherlands españa россия asia / pacific 日本 中国大陆 香港/澳門特別行政區 台灣地區 india 한국 australia malaysia singapore all other locations international contact us jewelry shop by category necklaces & pendants earrings bracelets rings fine watches brooches men's jewelry explore all categories curated shops gifts for her most popular jewelry new jewelry high jewelry bold silver jewelry dainty jewelry hoop earrings stacking rings shop by metal gold jewelry rose gold jewelry platinum jewelry sterling silver jewelry shop by gemstone diamond jewelry pearl jewelry aquamarine jewelry colored gemstone jewelry featured collections tiffany lock tiffany t tiffany hardwear tiffany knot tiffany victoria® return to tiffany® elsa peretti® jean schlumberger by tiffany paloma picasso® explore all collections gifts gifts for... the holidays her him baby the home the couple explore all gifts discover gifts $1,500 & under tiffany blue® gifts holiday exclusives gifts to personalize wedding gifts anniversary gifts birthday gifts business gifts gifts for her shop now love & engagement engagement engagement rings men’s engagement rings book an appointment wedding women's wedding bands men's wedding bands wedding band sets couples' rings begin your journey the tiffany difference the guide to diamonds a lifetime of service a tiffany ring responsible sourcing how to choose an engagement ring how to choose a wedding band shop by shape round oval emerald princess tiffany true® cushion shop by setting solitaire halo three stone engagement ring collections the tiffany® setting tiffany true® tiffany harmony® tiffany soleste® tiffany novo® jean schlumberger by tiffany wedding band collections tiffany together tiffany forever t&co.® fine watches shop by category women’s watches men’s watches patek philippe all fine watches curated shops diamond watches tiffany blue watches explore fine watches shop by collection atlas® tiffany 1837® makers tiffany eternity tiffany ct60® tiffany east west® it's about time shop all fine watches home & accessories for the table tableware glassware & barware flatware & trays coffee & tea for the home decor blankets & cushions baby candles explore all home leather goods bags small leather goods accessories scarves & stoles belts sunglasses stationery, games & unique objects key rings explore all leather goods & accessories curated shops women's accessories table by tiffany wedding gifts housewarming gifts elsa peretti home table linens gifts for the home shop now fragrance shop by collection tiffany rose gold tiffany signature tiffany & love shop all fragrance fragrance gifts shop now men’s shop by category necklaces & pendants bracelets rings accessories watches bar & drinkware games & novelties explore all men's discover gifts for him men's engagement rings tiffany & sports the modern man's guide to wearing jewelry for the modern man shop men's jewelry stories now trending blue book 2023 the landmark discover tiffany lock table by tiffany the return to tiffany® x beyoncé collection view all stories the house of tiffany & co. the world of tiffany high jewelry the tiffany diamond tiffany & sports jewelry design and innovation workshop sustainability our diamond traceability story love lock explore the story jewelry jewelry shop by category necklaces & pendants earrings bracelets rings fine watches brooches men's jewelry explore all categories curated shops gifts for her most popular jewelry new jewelry high jewelry bold silver jewelry dainty jewelry hoop earrings stacking rings shop by metal gold jewelry rose gold jewelry platinum jewelry sterling silver jewelry shop by gemstone diamond jewelry pearl jewelry aquamarine jewelry colored gemstone jewelry featured collections tiffany lock tiffany t tiffany hardwear tiffany knot tiffany victoria® return to tiffany® elsa peretti® jean schlumberger by tiffany paloma picasso® explore all collections necklaces & pendants shop now gifts gifts gifts for... the holidays her him baby the home the couple explore all gifts discover gifts $1,500 & under tiffany blue® gifts holiday exclusives gifts to personalize wedding gifts anniversary gifts birthday gifts business gifts gifts for her shop now love & engagement love & engagement engagement engagement rings men’s engagement rings book an appointment wedding women's wedding bands men's wedding bands wedding band sets couples' rings begin your journey the tiffany difference the guide to diamonds a lifetime of service a tiffany ring responsible sourcing how to choose an engagement ring how to choose a wedding band shop by shape round oval emerald princess tiffany true® cushion shop by setting solitaire halo three stone engagement ring collections the tiffany® setting tiffany true® tiffany harmony® tiffany soleste® tiffany novo® jean schlumberger by tiffany wedding band collections tiffany together tiffany forever t&co.® about love explore love & engagement fine watches fine watches shop by category women’s watches men’s watches patek philippe all fine watches curated shops diamond watches tiffany blue watches explore fine watches shop by collection atlas® tiffany 1837® makers tiffany eternity tiffany ct60® tiffany east west® it's about time shop all fine watches home & accessories home & accessories for the table tableware glassware & barware flatware & trays coffee & tea for the home decor blankets & cushions baby candles explore all home leather goods bags small leather goods accessories scarves & stoles belts sunglasses stationery, games & unique objects key rings explore all leather goods & accessories curated shops women's accessories table by tiffany wedding gifts housewarming gifts elsa peretti home table linens gifts for the home shop now fragrance fragrance shop by collection tiffany rose gold tiffany signature tiffany & love shop all fragrance fragrance gifts shop now men’s men’s shop by category necklaces & pendants bracelets rings accessories watches bar & drinkware games & novelties explore all men's discover gifts for him men's engagement rings tiffany & sports the modern man's guide to wearing jewelry for the modern man shop men's jewelry stories stories now trending blue book 2023 the landmark discover tiffany lock table by tiffany the return to tiffany® x beyoncé collection view all stories the house of tiffany & co. the world of tiffany high jewelry the tiffany diamond tiffany & sports jewelry design and innovation workshop sustainability our diamond traceability story love lock explore the story contact us book an appointment my account store locator the guide to diamonds at tiffany & co., nearly 2,300 of the world’s most talented artisans craft our diamonds. leading the industry, tiffany offers a triple excellent cut on all round brilliant diamonds. as a result, only the most expertly crafted diamonds earn the right to be placed in the legendary tiffany blue box®. the 4cs every diamond, like a human fingerprint, has certain distinguishing characteristics. the 4cs—color, clarity, cut and carat weight—are the globally accepted standards for assessing the quality of a diamond. at tiffany, we only accept 0.04% of the world’s gem-grade diamonds. cut cut is determined by how a diamond’s facets interact with light. learn more clarity clarity is a measure of the purity and rarity of the stone. learn more color color refers to the natural tint inherent in white diamonds. learn more carat carat denotes the weight of a diamond. learn more diamond shapes every diamond shape has its own unique appeal. discover the diamond shape that reflects your personal style and relationship. learn more styles and settings there’s nothing more iconic than a tiffany engagement ring. discover our classic and contemporary designs. learn more the leader in diamond traceability we believe fine craftsmanship starts with a respect for our natural world, responsibly sourcing high-quality raw materials and continues through to the creation of the final piece of jewelry. from the moment they are unearthed, tiffany diamonds selected for our engagement rings never leave the hands of highly skilled artisans, who work with passion and precision to unleash intense vibrancy and light. once a rough diamond is deemed worthy of the tiffany name, it is delivered to our diamond cutting experts and our master craftspeople. tiffany is proud to employ nearly 2,300 expert cutters and polishers in our own state-of-the-art workshops to ensure our sourcing practices honor the places and people that provide us with such astonishing beauty. we go above and beyond the kimberley process—with our own chain of custody controls and by advocating for stronger global standards—to ensure that human rights and the environment are protected. explore our diamond source initiative engagement rings in 1886, tiffany introduced the engagement ring as we know it today. we’re proud to build on that legacy as the leader in diamond traceability with responsibly sourced, expertly crafted diamond rings that celebrate love in all its forms. explore now ask a tiffany diamond expert tiffany diamond experts can assist you in choosing an engagement ring, personalizing a wedding band or selecting a special anniversary gift. book an in-store appointment book a virtual appointment frequently asked questions what is a diamond? a diamond is a stone formed from the element carbon. under high temperature and pressure, atoms form a crystal structure called a diamond cubic. are diamonds rare? formed up to three billion years ago below the surface of the earth, diamonds are a miracle of nature. of the limited number of gem-grade diamonds in the world, only 0.04% meet our exacting standards. for every 10,000 rough diamonds we evaluate, only four will make the cut. what are the 4cs? cut, clarity, color and carat weight make up the 4cs. what makes a tiffany & co. diamond? a diamond's quality depends on a combination of the 4cs—color, clarity, cut and carat weight. however, tiffany & co. believes the most critical of these is diamond cut. more than any other factor, cut determines the brilliance, fire and overall beauty of your diamond. if a diamond is cut poorly, it will appear dull even if it has a high color and clarity grade. tiffany is committed to crafting the most expertly proportioned diamonds. in our workshops, nearly 1,500 of the world’s most talented artisans craft diamonds to the highest standards. this precision is what sets tiffany diamonds apart. to learn more about the 4cs, visit the guide to diamonds. which c is the most important? the 4cs—color, clarity, cut and carat weight—are the globally accepted standards for assessing the quality of a diamond. a diamond's quality depends on a combination of all the four cs. however, tiffany & co. believes the most critical of these is diamond cut. more than any other factor, cut determines the brilliance, fire and overall beauty of your diamond. to learn more about the 4cs, visit the guide to diamonds. how do i care for my diamonds? dust, pollution and daily wear all conspire to cloud the brilliance of a gemstone and dull the surface of platinum and gold. tiffany & co. suggests that your ring receive periodic professional maintenance. our trained staff will check the setting and give your jewelry a thorough cleaning. between professional cleanings, tiffany & co. recommends the occasional use of our jewelry cleaning kit or a non-abrasive cleaner for diamond jewelry. jewelry with stones other than diamonds may need other care. what are conflict-free diamonds? conflict-free diamonds are diamonds sourced from countries that are full participants in the kimberley process certification scheme. conflict-free diamonds are not used to finance armed conflicts aimed at undermining legitimate governments. tiffany has a zero-tolerance policy towards conflict diamonds and our standards go above and beyond the kimberley process requirements. does tiffany offer conflict-free diamonds? yes. tiffany has a zero-tolerance policy towards conflict diamonds. tiffany diamonds are responsibly sourced from known mines and suppliers, and the majority of our rough stones come from botswana, namibia, south africa, russia and canada. what's the difference between lab-grown and natural diamonds? natural diamonds are formed naturally beneath the earth's surface over the course of many years. lab-grown diamonds are man-made and can be formed in a short amount of time. natural diamonds often contain a small amount of nitrogen or other impurities, while lab-grown diamonds do not. tiffany diamonds are responsibly sourced from known mines and suppliers, and the majority of our rough stones come from botswana, namibia, south africa and canada. does tiffany offer ethically sourced diamonds? we believe fine craftsmanship starts with responsible sourcing. at tiffany, we value knowing and sharing the journey of our diamonds. unlike other jewelers, we obtain the majority of our diamonds and raw precious metals from known sources. how can i learn more about the provenance of my tiffany diamond? as part of our diamond craft journey, we work to ensure responsible practices every step of the way. from the moment a tiffany diamond is unearthed, it takes a remarkable trip across the globe, passing from the expert hands of one master craftsperson to another until it’s worthy of the iconic tiffany blue box®. in 2020, we became the first global luxury jeweler to disclose where our newly sourced, serialized diamonds are crafted. tiffany is pleased to offer additional information about our sourcing practices and where your individually registered diamond originated. please contact client services at 800 843 3269 with any further inquiries, or speak to a sales professional in any of our stores. while you’re there, consider taking advantage of a complimentary cleaning and prong check of your ring, or check out our iconic tiffany true® engagement ring. what diamond shape or cut looks biggest? while some would suggest elongated shapes, such as oval, pear-shaped and emerald cut, appear larger on the finger, others believe it is the brilliance of a round brilliant diamond that makes it stand out across a crowded room. home love & engagement diamond 4c education: the tiffany guide to diamonds sign out of sales service mode client care contact us product care & repair track your order book an appointment frequently asked questions gift cards sign up for tiffany emails website accessibility our company world of tiffany sustainability california privacy tiffany careers website policies do not sell or share my info opt-out of targeted advertising related tiffany sites wedding & gift registry business accounts tiffany for the press the tiffany & co. foundation tiffany alertline site index client care contact us track your order product care & repair book an appointment frequently asked questions gift cards website accessibility our company world of tiffany sustainability california privacy tiffany careers website policies do not sell or share my personal information opt-out of targeted advertising related tiffany sites wedding & gift registry business accounts tiffany for the press the tiffany & co. foundation tiffany alertline site index latest from tiffany be the first to know about exciting new designs, special events, store openings and much more. email sign up change location: united states americas united states canada (english) canada (français) mexico brazil europe & middle east united kingdom austria belgium france deutschland ireland italia netherlands españa россия united arab emirates (uae) asia/pacific 中国大陆 日本 香港/澳門特別行政區 台湾 한국 australia india malaysia singapore all other locations international © t&co. 2024 © t&co. 2024