来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229081900/http://www.beachcamera.com/shop/product/E12CNEOSRT6LENSX2/Canon-EOS-Rebel-T6-DSLR-Camera-w-EF-S-18-55mm-75-300mm-IS-II-Lens-64GB-Memory-Kit
================================================================================

beachcamera.com - canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit customer service: 800-572-3224 photographypoint & shoot digital camerasslr digital camerasmirrorless cameraslensescamera accessorieslens accessoriesdronesflashesflash memory cardsprintersscannerstelevisionled tvslcd tvscurved tvs3d tvs4k ultra hd tvsoled tvsprojectorstv accessoriesvideocamcordersblu-ray & dvddigital media playerssecurity cameraspower protectiona/v furniture & mountscamcorder accessoriesvideo accessoriesdronesdrone parts & accessoriesaudioaudio deviceshome theater systemsaudio systemscompact disk (cd)dj & lightingheadphonespro audiomicrophonesspeakersmusical instrumentsaudio accessorieslive soundcomputerslaptops / notebookstablet pcsdesktop pcsall-in-one pcspc monitorskeyboards & micenetworkinghard drives & storagesoftwarewebcamsprintersscannersaccessories & peripheralskitchen & housewareskitchenhousewarespersonal careoutdoor livingpower & hand toolssports & fitnessfitness electronicsexercise equipmentbaseball & softballbasketballbikes & biking accessoriesfootballgolfhuntinglake & pool leisurescooterselectric scooterssoccersporting miscellaneousmore categoriesluggagefashionwatchescar electronicsgadgetsgames & toysgift ideashelp cameras tvs laptops mobile gear slrs blowout deals gift ideas clearance follow us: added to cart subtotal qty: home  > slr digital cameras > item # e12cneosrt6lensx2 (mfr# e12cneosrt6lensx2) risk-free 45-day return on this item why buy from beachcamera? x < > + - tweet canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit 17 reviews | ask a question about this product in stock usually ships the same or the next business day and choose one-day shipping at checkout. condition: brand new, usa warranty separatelyyou save $845.33$296.33 (35%) our bundle price $549.00 qty: or checkout with fast free shipping arrives before christmas by selecting an appropriate shipping method fastest free shipping on the internet plus flexible 45-day return policy 2 year accident protection $95.99 (info) 2 year accident protection squaretrade 2 year accident protection warranty3 year accident protection $127.99 (info) 3 year accident protection squaretrade 3 year accident protection warranty 18.0 megapixel cmos (aps-c) image sensor and high-performance digic 4+ image processor for excellent speed and quality. iso 100-6400 (expandable to h: 12800) for shooting from bright light to low light. built-in wi-fi and nfc connectivity provide easy sharing to compatible smart devices, select social media sites and the canon connect station cs100 device. 9-point af system (including one center cross-type af point) and ai servo af provide impressive autofocus performance with accurate results. high-performance optical viewfinder helps facilitate quick and accurate focusing by firmly framing and capturing the subject at hand. large, 3.0-inch lcd monitor with 920,000 dots shows fine details and provides easy viewing. scene intelligent auto mode simplifies settings for users without extensive photography experience. feature guide offers short descriptions of shooting modes, settings and effects for easy operation. eos full hd movie mode for easy-to-use video capture. continuous shooting up to 3.0 fps to capture action shots. creative options made easy with imaging features like basic+ and creative auto. creative filters including toy camera, fisheye and miniature effect help you capture everything with a new perspective. auto white balance provides "white priority," adjusting for the warmer tones under tungsten lighting. compatible with the full line of canon ef and ef-s lenses. share photos that impress - the camera with the quality your photos deserve, the eos rebel t6 can be ideal for smartphone or digital point-and-shoot camera users looking to step up their imaging game. it's equipped with an 18.0 megapixel cmos image sensor and the digic 4+ image processor for highly detailed, vibrant photos and videos even in low light. whether you're out on an adventure hike or snapping candids of your friends during a late night out, the eos rebel t6 can help you take photos you'll want to show off. built-in wi-fi and nfc connectivity make it easy to get your favorite pictures up on select social media sites for your friends, family and the world to see. if you're new to dslrs, scene intelligent auto mode can conveniently and automatically adjust the camera's settings to suit your subject. easy to use and simple to share with, the eos rebel t6 delivers high image quality that's sure to catch the audience's eye 18.0 megapixel cmos (aps-c) image sensor and high-performance digic 4+ image processor for excellent speed and quality. 18.0 megapixel cmos (aps-c) sensor - the eos rebel t6 camera has an 18.0 megapixel cmos sensor that captures images with outstanding clarity and tonal range, and can offer enough resolution for big enlargements or crops - your photos can be printed and framed without having to worry about reducing the image quality. this sensor is aps-c size for an effective 1.6x field of view (compared to 35mm format) and features many advanced canon technologies that maximize each pixel's light gathering, helping to ensure images are captured beautifully and brilliantly. digic 4+ image processor - the canon digic 4+ image processor powers the eos rebel t6 camera's advanced functions and capabilities. its accelerated processing speed creates fast, responsive performance, for a shooting experience that can be smooth and natural. the digic 4+ image processor also helps enhance image quality by shortening the processing of high iso shots by up to 60% compared to the digic 4 image processor. this helps reduce noise for brilliant color, smooth gradations and beautiful detail even in low light. iso 100-6400 (expandable to h: 12800) for shooting from bright light to low light. with a broad range of light sensitivity ratings from iso 100-6400 (expandable to h: 12800), the eos rebel t6 camera is ready to go in virtually any light, capturing fine detail with ease. thanks to this expanded iso range, it can capture a variety of subjects in a variety of situations, including handheld, without needing a flash. this means detailed and natural-looking pictures and movies can be captured discreetly, with ease. built-in wi-fi and nfc connectivity provide easy sharing to compatible smart devices, select social media sites and the canon connect station cs100 device. built-in nfc technology - built-in nfc (near field communication) helps provide a virtually seamless connection to numerous compatible android devices, and the canon connect station cs100 device. to transfer your photos and videos, simply tap the eos rebel t6 camera to the connect station cs100 and the transfer is done! with the connect station cs100, you can store, view and organize all of your photos and videos from just one device. remote shooting - wireless capabilities also allow users to use their compatible smart devices to remotely control the camera, which is useful for self-portraits and group shots or shooting from a distance as long as the camera is in wireless range. a variety of the camera's expressive capabilities are available to you: use different shooting modes; choose af frame modes (single-point/face detection); shoot in continuous shooting mode; and utilize the af button. just connect to a compatible device using the free camera connect app to start capturing photos using remote shooting. 9-point af system (including one center cross-type af point) and ai servo af provide impressive autofocus performance with accurate results. the eos rebel t6 camera features fast and accurate autofocus, which can enhance your shooting experience by making sure you're ready to capture the action as soon as it happens. using a 9-point af system that includes a center cross-type af point, it can deliver precise focus whether the camera is oriented in portrait or landscape position. the system intelligently uses both normal and high-precision focus, depending on the aperture and available light, so your images contain crisp and clear detail. an ai servo af system achieves and maintains consistent focus with an incredible degree of reliability. high-performance optical viewfinder helps facilitate quick and accurate focusing by firmly framing and capturing the subject at hand. the optical viewfinder on the eos rebel t6 camera lets you quickly line up and capture a photo in nearly any situation. it helps you accurately see what the lens sees even in bright sunlight, so you can be sure you're taking the picture you want. utilizing the viewfinder can help you hold the camera steady, which can reduce camera shake for clear and sharp photos. large, 3.0-inch lcd monitor with 920,000 dots shows fine details and provides easy viewing. the eos rebel t6 camera has a large, bright 3.0-inch lcd monitor that can be ideal for composing and capturing amazing images, as well as showing them off to friends and family. the large display has high resolution with 920,000 dots and a wide viewing angle of 170-degrees. it works wonderfully for live view composition or viewing camera settings like af, iso, metering, af point selection and flash options. scene intelligent auto mode simplifies settings for users without extensive photography experience. the eos rebel t6 camera features scene intelligent auto mode, which incorporates canon technologies to deliver accurate exposure, simply. it uses the eos scene analysis system, which joins picture style auto, auto lighting optimizer, auto white balance, autofocus and automatic exposure. this automatic feature helps analyze the image, accounting for faces, colors, brightness, moving objects, contrast and whether the camera is handheld or on a tripod. scene intelligent auto mode then chooses the exposure and enhancements that can bring out the beauty in virtually any scene or situation. simplifying dslr image capture, scene intelligent auto mode lets you concentrate on composing images without puzzling over settings. feature guide offers short descriptions of shooting modes, settings and effects for easy operation. have you ever wondered what features can apply to different shooting situations? the eos rebel t6 camera can help with a feature guide that displays a simple description to explain each function. this description is displayed in each shooting mode, during mode dial operations and for quick control screen functions. it appears automatically when a function is selected - a lifesaver when trying to determine a suitable mode or function for the next picture. the feature guide works automatically by default, and can be disabled easily through the camera's menu. eos full hd movie mode for easy-to-use video capture. the eos rebel t6 camera offers easy-to-use video capture with breathtaking full hd quality. capable of shooting in a number of recording sizes and frame rates, the eos rebel t6 offers outstanding video capturing performance, quality and simplicity - simply press the dedicated live view/movie recording button to get started. additionally, the eos rebel t6 enables easy manual control of exposure, focus and live view features and even allows for in-camera editing. a wide iso range means you can record in a variety of lighting situations. and with a wealth of over 60 interchangeable lenses available to choose from, your video has plenty of creative options. plus, with the video snapshot feature, the eos rebel t6 will capture short video clips (of 2, 4 or 8 seconds) then combine them automatically into one video file as a snapshot or highlights "album". with no editing needed after shooting, the compiled video can be ideal for sharing online or displaying directly on an hdtv via the camera's hdmi port. continuous shooting up to 3.0 fps to capture action shots. the eos rebel t6 is a fast camera, capturing up to 3.0 fps (frames per second) until the card is full, or for up to approximately 6 raw files. whether capturing the action on the soccer field or waiting for the right expression on someone's face, the eos rebel t6 delivers intuitive, speedy operation for a great shot. with near-instant startup, speedy af and virtually no shutter lag, the eos rebel t6 will help you capture the action, when you want. creative options made easy with imaging features like basic+ and creative auto. for photographers looking to experiment with advanced settings, the eos rebel t6 camera is loaded with features to take you to the next level. basic+ makes it easy to create the image effects you want, changing ambience or scene type according to simple choices made on the camera's quick control screen. the newly added food mode lets you take appetizing photos of your favorite seafood platter or chocolate dessert in a bright, colorful way that can make them look as enticing as the dish itself. ideal for beginners looking to expand their photographic horizons is creative auto mode. it puts basic settings in full automatic operation, but provides shooting guides on the lcd screen that explain how to make changes to exposure, tone, sharpness and more, and how those changes will affect the final image. in essence, with creative auto mode, you can experiment and learn more about photography while still taking stunning photographs. creative filters including toy camera, fisheye and miniature effect help you capture everything with a new perspective. the eos rebel t6 camera allows you to capture images with a new perspective. the camera features five different creative filters for still images: grainy b/w, soft focus, fisheye effect, miniature effect and toy camera effect. each filter alters the mood and feel of any particular scene, allowing you to create photos with a fun, distinctive flair. auto white balance provides "white priority," adjusting for the warmer tones under tungsten lighting. have you ever taken a photo and wondered why it came out overly red or yellowish-green when it didn't look like that in real life? different light sources, whether it's the sun or a light bulb, can affect the colors you see in a photo. with auto white balance, the eos rebel t6 camera automatically adjusts the white balance according to "ambience priority," which retains warm color tones to help maintain the mood of the shot, or "white priority," which eliminates them to help ensure white lighting is neutral in color. you can choose between these two settings to make sure your image looks how you want it to, even under different lighting conditions. compatible with the full line of canon ef and ef-s lenses. the eos rebel t6 camera is compatible with all canon lenses in the ef and ef-s lineup. unlocking a new world of possibilities, these lenses range from ultra-wide angle for grand, scenic landscapes, to super telephoto which can help you capture sports, wildlife and more from afar. each canon lens employs advanced optical expertise and micron-precision engineering to help deliver phenomenal performance in virtually all facets of the photographic process. numerous lenses feature canon's sophisticated optical image stabilizer technology to minimize the effect of camera shake. through canon lenses, photographers can truly maximize the quality and liberating performance of the eos rebel t6. canon eos rebel t6 camera body ef-s 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 is ii lens ef 75-300mm f/4-5.6 iii lens eos shoulder bag 100es (black) lp-e10 lithium-ion battery pack lc-e10 battery charger for eos rebel t6 eyecup ef for digital rebel cameras rf-3 body cap for canon eos cameras ew-400d neck strap battery cover ifc-130u interface cable canon usa 1-year warranty bundle includes: 64gb class 10 uhs-1 sdxc memory card canon eos dslr camera and gadget shoulder bag 100es pro .43x wide angle lens with macro pro 2x telephoto lens converter 58mm uv, polarizer & fld deluxe filter kit (set of 3 carrying case) bounce zoom slave flash wired shutter release remote control 12-inch rubberized spider tripod, large (red) lcd/lens cleaning pen hi-speed sdhc memory card reader professional blower camera dust removal system microfiber cleaning cloth customer reviews canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit 82% (14) 12% (2) (0) (0) 6% (1) view all 17 reviews want to share your own thoughts? write your own review sort by: newest post oldest post highest rated lowest rated most helpful most recommended least recommended | view: 10 20 30 40 50 showing: 1 to 17 of 17 first | « prev | next » first camera in years (madison wi) april 19, 2017 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera with 18-55mm is ii lens + canon pixma printer bundle (e36cneosrt61855) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: everything was packed well and the bundle is an excellent price. cons: i have to read through a small printed booklet for setup and how to work the camera. not so easy a task. other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top canon rebel t6 package by jodi (california) april 19, 2017 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera with 18-55mm is ii lens + canon pixma printer bundle (e36cneosrt61855) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: this bundle is amazing. fantastic, high-quality camera bag, plus all kinds of filters and lenses to play with. lens cleaning supplies, a wonderful memory card that will hold tons of pictures (a must for me) and even a printer. i feel like a kid at christmas! cons: don't know of any! great value for the money other comments: if you are a photography enthusiast, this package deal is wonderful. i highly recommend it! merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top simply awesome deal and great customer service february 14, 2017 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 w/ 18-55 & 75-300 lenses + pro 100 printer/paper/paintshop x8 (e15cneosrt6lensx2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: cons: other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top my wife is happy with her new camera by esyan (manteca, ca) february 06, 2017 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 w/ 18-55 & 75-300 lenses + pro 100 printer/paper/paintshop x8 (e15cneosrt6lensx2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: it was a newer design from her older camera. it shoot faster, better pictures, record pictures faster. it is just a better camera. also came with a zoom lens assy so in the future she can take batter shot at the full moon. cons: non, maybe to learn how to setup some of the features. other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top canon rebel t6 bundle by woodnall (ca) february 05, 2017 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 w/ 18-55 & 75-300 lenses + pro 100 printer/paper/paintshop x8 (e15cneosrt6lensx2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: unbelievable package !!! great camera everything included to start taking pictures. cons: non other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top camera w/accessories - excellent gift for a beginner photographer by beginner photographer (plainfield, il) january 09, 2017 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit (e12cneosrt6lensx2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: lens & accessories are great for a beginner. tested all the items and worked fantastic. will recommend to others. cons: not sure if it's an oversight but the only thing that seems to be missing is the items labeled "beach camera". not sure what they are. other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top great value by happy ratz (miami fl) december 27, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ 18-55mm is ii + 75-300mm iii lenses premium bundle (emcneosrt6lens2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: excellent price for a respected product. kit is all inclusive, and you have all your need to get shooting great shots. canon has super online resources for novices like me. buydig.com was very responsive to my product and shipping inquires. cons: none! other comments: [...] great customer service! yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera by rick (new kensington, pa) december 27, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit (e12cneosrt6lensx2) verified reviewer pros: takes great photos cons: none to mention to date other comments: great camera, great price. bought from beach camera before and will buy from beach camera again. yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top appreciation by parthiban (pensacola) december 18, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit (e12cneosrt6lensx2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: cons: other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top nice camera by donna (lancaster, pa) december 17, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ 18-55mm is ii + 75-300mm iii lenses premium bundle (emcneosrt6lens2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: auto focus, second zoom lens, case cons: there was no "quick start" directions with it. wading through the direction book is difficult. other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top item delivered with open box, it was not looks like to be new december 16, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit (e12cneosrt6lensx2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: no pros which can be written cons: item was unpacked, not sure it was used or new, we are two myself and friend different location, both packs were unpacked other comments: item was unpacked, not sure it was used or new, we are two myself and friend different location, both packs were unpacked merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top canon rebel t-6 bundle by njtbred (greenbackville, va) december 16, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit (e12cneosrt6lensx2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: great camera and attachments at a super great holiday price cons: [...] other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top great product (syracuse ny) december 16, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ 18-55mm is ii + 75-300mm iii lenses premium bundle (emcneosrt6lens2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: cons: other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top great camera package by jah (texas) december 15, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ 18-55mm is ii + 75-300mm iii lenses premium bundle (emcneosrt6lens2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: it is exactly what i wanted in a camera and all the trimmings that go with it. well worth the price. cons: i wish it had a flash attachment with it. you have to buy it separate. cameras used to come with them included. other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top canon rebel t6 camera by wheezie (tallahassee fl) december 15, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ 18-55mm is ii + 75-300mm iii lenses premium bundle (emcneosrt6lens2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: this package came with 2 lenses which makes it more versatile. fairly easy to figure out. cons: none so far. other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top canon rebel t6 december 15, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ 18-55mm is ii + 75-300mm iii lenses premium bundle (emcneosrt6lens2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: what a great camera, my first digital camera and this camera works great like my 35mm. i do lots of photo shooting and the hold down speed is great for sports events, weddings or your child first walk. you can do videos also cons: no cons it is great other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top excellent! by robbkat (hartford, wi.) november 18, 2016 review submitted for canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit (e12cneosrt6lensx2) verified purchaser verified reviewer pros: customer service was fantastic. easy purchase, fast shipping! cons: other comments: yes, i recommend this product merchant response: was this review helpful? | report this review invalid captcha code. please try again. ^ back to top please enter numbers that appear in the rectangle: promotions & special offers: this kit includes: memory card reader, card wallet, mini tripod, cleaning kit and more includes: microfiber cleaning cloth, card reader, mini tripod, screen protectors, 3 piece cleaning kit, memory card wallet our price: $14.95 see details pro 2x telephoto lens converter - 58mm threading (black) get astounding detail in a telephoto view. this high-grade lens can be used throughout the entire zoom range to deliver twice the detail at the edges of an image. our price: $24.99 see details 12-inch rubberized spider tripod, large (black) 360 degree flexible legs and feet 12" height can grip almost any surface release lock keeps camera securely attached our price: $14.99 see details pro .45x wide angle lens w/ macro 58mm threading (black) catch the full view of the scene with this professional grade wide-angle conversion lens. great for group shots, scenery, and events! our price: $24.99 see details 58mm uv, polarizer & fld deluxe filter kit (set of 3 + carrying case) three basic filters that will be used often, giving you the images you love! the uv will protect your camera lens, the fld will correct unbalanced indoor lighting, and the polarizer will act as "sunglasses" in bright conditions producing vibrant colors. our price: $12.95 see details professional lens blower - dust removal system protect your camera and lens and take smear free photos. the professional blower produces a strong burst of air and is the perfect tool for removing dust or dirt particles from delicate electronics. our price: $6.99 see details ef 75-300mm f4-5.6 iii telephoto zoom lens this 75-300 auto focus lens has an impressive focal reach yet its light & compact for day to day use. versatile focal range is ideal for portraiture and magnifying distant subjects and is well-suited for sports and other applications requiring fast af. our price: $199.00 see details platinum ii 300x sdxc 64gb uhs-i/u1 flash memory card lexar platinum ii 300x sdhc/sdxc uhs-i cards deliver high-speed performance, from start to finish. our price: $29.00 see details wired shutter release remote for canon eos t6 camera control autofocus, shutter release speed, and aperture setting, no battery required, enables long exposures and continuous shooting, brings a lot of new functionality to your camera, compatible with the canon eos t6 camera our price: $14.99 see details eos dslr camera and gadget shoulder bag 100es slr camera bag has non-slip adjustable shoulder strap and carry handle water-repellent, rugged nylon for durability and comfort padded dividers for secure storage and easy access holds 1 slr camera body, 1 to 3 lenses plus accessories our price: $29.99 see details eos rebel t6 digital slr camera with ef-s 18-55mm is ii lens kit share photos that impress! built-in wi-fi and nfc for easy sharing 18.0 megapixel cmos (aps-c) sensor digic 4+ image processor for excellent speed and quality high-performance optical viewfinder eos full hd movie our price: $449.00 see details bounce zoom slave flash enhance photos, colors & saturation ideal for digital & slr cameras great light source for indoor & outdoor photography lightweight & compact design uses 2 aa batteries (not included) 1-year limited warranty our price: $17.00 see details lcd/lens cleaning pen clean & protect your lens or lcd. our price: $6.49 see details frequently bought together with see all accessories for this item mack 3 year diamond service warranty certificate (up to $750) *1305* price: $65.00 add to cart ► lexar 32gb professional 633x sdhc class 10 uhs-i/u1 memory card up to 95 mb/s price: $16.95 add to cart ► vidpro replacement battery pack lp-e10 for eos rebel t3, t5, t6 price: $14.09 add to cart ► vivitar pro series multi-power battery grip for canon eos t3, t5, t6 digital slr cameras price: $39.95 add to cart ► canon pixma pro-100 professional inkjet photo printer price: $379.00 add to cart ► canon photo paper pro luster lu-101 13"x19" -50 sheets- free w/ select canon printers price: $79.00 add to cart ► canon ef 40mm f/2.8 stm pancake lens, canon authorized price: $179.00 add to cart ► digpro compact deluxe gadget bag for cameras/camcorders- dp38 price: $12.95 add to cart ► my account customer service contact us f.a.q. policies mobile website coupons shop by brand new releases rebates review us testimonials about us our blog sign up for coupons and special offers thanks for signing up! by search email address ssl © 1996-2017 beachcamera.com.  all rights reserved. beachcamera.com is a registered trademark.