来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228034525/https://www.beachcamera.com/shop/product/E12CNEOSRT6LENSX2/Canon-EOS-Rebel-T6-DSLR-Camera-w-EF-S-18-55mm-75-300mm-IS-II-Lens-64GB-Memory-Kit
================================================================================

beachcamera.com - canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit departments photography point & shoot digital cameras slr digital cameras mirrorless cameras lenses camera accessories lens accessories drones flashes memory cards printers scanners television led tvs lcd tvs curved tvs 3d tvs 4k ultra hd tvs oled tvs qled tvs projectors tv accessories video camcorders blu-ray & dvd digital media players security cameras power protection a/v furniture & mounts camcorder accessories video accessories drones drone parts & accessories audio audio devices home theater systems audio systems compact disk (cd) dj & lighting headphones pro audio microphones speakers musical instruments audio accessories live sound computers laptops / notebooks tablet pcs desktop pcs all-in-one pcs pc monitors keyboards & mice networking hard drives & storage archival media software webcams printers scanners accessories & peripherals kitchen & housewares kitchen housewares personal care outdoor living power & hand tools sports & fitness fitness electronics exercise equipment baseball & softball basketball bikes & biking accessories football golf hunting lake & pool leisure scooters electric scooters soccer sporting miscellaneous luggage checked luggage suitcase sets carry-on luggage luggage accessories travel accessories backpacks fashion apparel umbrellas leggings hair care & beauty footwear jewelry handbags makeup sunglasses watches car electronics car audio gps radar detectors in-dash receivers car speakers & amplifiers power inverters starters & compressors gadgets calculators cellular phones mounts personal electronics virtual reality headsets portable power chargers & cables bluetooth headsets pda accessory kits telephone accessories screen protectors cellular accessories telephones games & toys learning toys video gaming rc toys gift ideas gifts for him gifts for her gifts for teens gifts for kids gifts for the home blowout deals brands canon nikon samsung sony lg dji drones garmin samsonite cuisinart rawlings quick links gift ideas clearance coupons tvs cameras slrs laptops mobile gear drones your account logout order status questions? comments? 800-572-3224 live chat cart () × adding item to cart... 1 continue shopping view cart wait! don't forget these... add to cart ► × add to cart see full product details close home  > slr digital cameras > item # e12cneosrt6lensx2 (mfr# e12cneosrt6lensx2) why buy from beachcamera? x < > + - tweet canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ ef-s 18-55mm & 75-300mm is ii lens 64gb memory kit in stock usually ships the same or the next business day and choose one-day shipping at checkout. condition: brand new, usa warranty separatelyyou save $723.38$173.39 (24%) our bundle price $549.99 or checkout with fast free shipping arrives before christmas by selecting an appropriate shipping method fastest free shipping on the internet 2 year accident protection $95.99   more info   (sqtrddc0599n2a)2 year accident protection squaretrade 2 year accident protection warranty 3 year accident protection $127.99   more info   (sqtrddc0599n3a)3 year accident protection squaretrade 3 year accident protection warranty 18.0 megapixel cmos (aps-c) image sensor and high-performance digic 4+ image processor for excellent speed and quality. iso 100-6400 (expandable to h: 12800) for shooting from bright light to low light. built-in wi-fi and nfc connectivity provide easy sharing to compatible smart devices, select social media sites and the canon connect station cs100 device. 9-point af system (including one center cross-type af point) and ai servo af provide impressive autofocus performance with accurate results. high-performance optical viewfinder helps facilitate quick and accurate focusing by firmly framing and capturing the subject at hand. large, 3.0-inch lcd monitor with 920,000 dots shows fine details and provides easy viewing. scene intelligent auto mode simplifies settings for users without extensive photography experience. feature guide offers short descriptions of shooting modes, settings and effects for easy operation. eos full hd movie mode for easy-to-use video capture. continuous shooting up to 3.0 fps to capture action shots. creative options made easy with imaging features like basic+ and creative auto. creative filters including toy camera, fisheye and miniature effect help you capture everything with a new perspective. auto white balance provides "white priority," adjusting for the warmer tones under tungsten lighting. compatible with the full line of canon ef and ef-s lenses. share photos that impress - the camera with the quality your photos deserve, the eos rebel t6 can be ideal for smartphone or digital point-and-shoot camera users looking to step up their imaging game. it's equipped with an 18.0 megapixel cmos image sensor and the digic 4+ image processor for highly detailed, vibrant photos and videos even in low light. whether you're out on an adventure hike or snapping candids of your friends during a late night out, the eos rebel t6 can help you take photos you'll want to show off. built-in wi-fi and nfc connectivity make it easy to get your favorite pictures up on select social media sites for your friends, family and the world to see. if you're new to dslrs, scene intelligent auto mode can conveniently and automatically adjust the camera's settings to suit your subject. easy to use and simple to share with, the eos rebel t6 delivers high image quality that's sure to catch the audience's eye 18.0 megapixel cmos (aps-c) image sensor and high-performance digic 4+ image processor for excellent speed and quality. 18.0 megapixel cmos (aps-c) sensor - the eos rebel t6 camera has an 18.0 megapixel cmos sensor that captures images with outstanding clarity and tonal range, and can offer enough resolution for big enlargements or crops - your photos can be printed and framed without having to worry about reducing the image quality. this sensor is aps-c size for an effective 1.6x field of view (compared to 35mm format) and features many advanced canon technologies that maximize each pixel's light gathering, helping to ensure images are captured beautifully and brilliantly. digic 4+ image processor - the canon digic 4+ image processor powers the eos rebel t6 camera's advanced functions and capabilities. its accelerated processing speed creates fast, responsive performance, for a shooting experience that can be smooth and natural. the digic 4+ image processor also helps enhance image quality by shortening the processing of high iso shots by up to 60% compared to the digic 4 image processor. this helps reduce noise for brilliant color, smooth gradations and beautiful detail even in low light. iso 100-6400 (expandable to h: 12800) for shooting from bright light to low light. with a broad range of light sensitivity ratings from iso 100-6400 (expandable to h: 12800), the eos rebel t6 camera is ready to go in virtually any light, capturing fine detail with ease. thanks to this expanded iso range, it can capture a variety of subjects in a variety of situations, including handheld, without needing a flash. this means detailed and natural-looking pictures and movies can be captured discreetly, with ease. built-in wi-fi and nfc connectivity provide easy sharing to compatible smart devices, select social media sites and the canon connect station cs100 device. built-in nfc technology - built-in nfc (near field communication) helps provide a virtually seamless connection to numerous compatible android devices, and the canon connect station cs100 device. to transfer your photos and videos, simply tap the eos rebel t6 camera to the connect station cs100 and the transfer is done! with the connect station cs100, you can store, view and organize all of your photos and videos from just one device. remote shooting - wireless capabilities also allow users to use their compatible smart devices to remotely control the camera, which is useful for self-portraits and group shots or shooting from a distance as long as the camera is in wireless range. a variety of the camera's expressive capabilities are available to you: use different shooting modes; choose af frame modes (single-point/face detection); shoot in continuous shooting mode; and utilize the af button. just connect to a compatible device using the free camera connect app to start capturing photos using remote shooting. 9-point af system (including one center cross-type af point) and ai servo af provide impressive autofocus performance with accurate results. the eos rebel t6 camera features fast and accurate autofocus, which can enhance your shooting experience by making sure you're ready to capture the action as soon as it happens. using a 9-point af system that includes a center cross-type af point, it can deliver precise focus whether the camera is oriented in portrait or landscape position. the system intelligently uses both normal and high-precision focus, depending on the aperture and available light, so your images contain crisp and clear detail. an ai servo af system achieves and maintains consistent focus with an incredible degree of reliability. high-performance optical viewfinder helps facilitate quick and accurate focusing by firmly framing and capturing the subject at hand. the optical viewfinder on the eos rebel t6 camera lets you quickly line up and capture a photo in nearly any situation. it helps you accurately see what the lens sees even in bright sunlight, so you can be sure you're taking the picture you want. utilizing the viewfinder can help you hold the camera steady, which can reduce camera shake for clear and sharp photos. large, 3.0-inch lcd monitor with 920,000 dots shows fine details and provides easy viewing. the eos rebel t6 camera has a large, bright 3.0-inch lcd monitor that can be ideal for composing and capturing amazing images, as well as showing them off to friends and family. the large display has high resolution with 920,000 dots and a wide viewing angle of 170-degrees. it works wonderfully for live view composition or viewing camera settings like af, iso, metering, af point selection and flash options. scene intelligent auto mode simplifies settings for users without extensive photography experience. the eos rebel t6 camera features scene intelligent auto mode, which incorporates canon technologies to deliver accurate exposure, simply. it uses the eos scene analysis system, which joins picture style auto, auto lighting optimizer, auto white balance, autofocus and automatic exposure. this automatic feature helps analyze the image, accounting for faces, colors, brightness, moving objects, contrast and whether the camera is handheld or on a tripod. scene intelligent auto mode then chooses the exposure and enhancements that can bring out the beauty in virtually any scene or situation. simplifying dslr image capture, scene intelligent auto mode lets you concentrate on composing images without puzzling over settings. feature guide offers short descriptions of shooting modes, settings and effects for easy operation. have you ever wondered what features can apply to different shooting situations? the eos rebel t6 camera can help with a feature guide that displays a simple description to explain each function. this description is displayed in each shooting mode, during mode dial operations and for quick control screen functions. it appears automatically when a function is selected - a lifesaver when trying to determine a suitable mode or function for the next picture. the feature guide works automatically by default, and can be disabled easily through the camera's menu. eos full hd movie mode for easy-to-use video capture. the eos rebel t6 camera offers easy-to-use video capture with breathtaking full hd quality. capable of shooting in a number of recording sizes and frame rates, the eos rebel t6 offers outstanding video capturing performance, quality and simplicity - simply press the dedicated live view/movie recording button to get started. additionally, the eos rebel t6 enables easy manual control of exposure, focus and live view features and even allows for in-camera editing. a wide iso range means you can record in a variety of lighting situations. and with a wealth of over 60 interchangeable lenses available to choose from, your video has plenty of creative options. plus, with the video snapshot feature, the eos rebel t6 will capture short video clips (of 2, 4 or 8 seconds) then combine them automatically into one video file as a snapshot or highlights "album". with no editing needed after shooting, the compiled video can be ideal for sharing online or displaying directly on an hdtv via the camera's hdmi port. continuous shooting up to 3.0 fps to capture action shots. the eos rebel t6 is a fast camera, capturing up to 3.0 fps (frames per second) until the card is full, or for up to approximately 6 raw files. whether capturing the action on the soccer field or waiting for the right expression on someone's face, the eos rebel t6 delivers intuitive, speedy operation for a great shot. with near-instant startup, speedy af and virtually no shutter lag, the eos rebel t6 will help you capture the action, when you want. creative options made easy with imaging features like basic+ and creative auto. for photographers looking to experiment with advanced settings, the eos rebel t6 camera is loaded with features to take you to the next level. basic+ makes it easy to create the image effects you want, changing ambience or scene type according to simple choices made on the camera's quick control screen. the newly added food mode lets you take appetizing photos of your favorite seafood platter or chocolate dessert in a bright, colorful way that can make them look as enticing as the dish itself. ideal for beginners looking to expand their photographic horizons is creative auto mode. it puts basic settings in full automatic operation, but provides shooting guides on the lcd screen that explain how to make changes to exposure, tone, sharpness and more, and how those changes will affect the final image. in essence, with creative auto mode, you can experiment and learn more about photography while still taking stunning photographs. creative filters including toy camera, fisheye and miniature effect help you capture everything with a new perspective. the eos rebel t6 camera allows you to capture images with a new perspective. the camera features five different creative filters for still images: grainy b/w, soft focus, fisheye effect, miniature effect and toy camera effect. each filter alters the mood and feel of any particular scene, allowing you to create photos with a fun, distinctive flair. auto white balance provides "white priority," adjusting for the warmer tones under tungsten lighting. have you ever taken a photo and wondered why it came out overly red or yellowish-green when it didn't look like that in real life? different light sources, whether it's the sun or a light bulb, can affect the colors you see in a photo. with auto white balance, the eos rebel t6 camera automatically adjusts the white balance according to "ambience priority," which retains warm color tones to help maintain the mood of the shot, or "white priority," which eliminates them to help ensure white lighting is neutral in color. you can choose between these two settings to make sure your image looks how you want it to, even under different lighting conditions. compatible with the full line of canon ef and ef-s lenses. the eos rebel t6 camera is compatible with all canon lenses in the ef and ef-s lineup. unlocking a new world of possibilities, these lenses range from ultra-wide angle for grand, scenic landscapes, to super telephoto which can help you capture sports, wildlife and more from afar. each canon lens employs advanced optical expertise and micron-precision engineering to help deliver phenomenal performance in virtually all facets of the photographic process. numerous lenses feature canon's sophisticated optical image stabilizer technology to minimize the effect of camera shake. through canon lenses, photographers can truly maximize the quality and liberating performance of the eos rebel t6. canon eos rebel t6 camera body ef-s 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 is ii lens ef 75-300mm f/4-5.6 iii lens eos shoulder bag 100es (black) lp-e10 lithium-ion battery pack lc-e10 battery charger for eos rebel t6 eyecup ef for digital rebel cameras rf-3 body cap for canon eos cameras ew-400d neck strap battery cover ifc-130u interface cable canon usa 1-year warranty bundle includes: 64gb class 10 uhs-1 sdxc memory card canon eos dslr camera and gadget shoulder bag 100es pro .43x wide angle lens with macro pro 2x telephoto lens converter 58mm uv, polarizer & fld deluxe filter kit (set of 3 carrying case) bounce zoom slave flash wired shutter release remote control 12-inch rubberized spider tripod, large (red) lcd/lens cleaning pen hi-speed sdhc memory card reader professional blower camera dust removal system microfiber cleaning cloth this kit includes: eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ 18-55mm is ii + 75-300mm iii double zoom kit canon eos rebel t6 dslr camera w/ 18-55mm is ii + 75-300mm iii double zoom kit our price: $549.99 see details 64gb sdxc high speed memory card extreme speed 64gb sdxc high speed memory card our price: $49.99 see details compact bounce zoom slave flash for digital & slr cameras (viv-sf-3000) general brand compact bounce zoom slave flash for digital & slr cameras (viv-sf-3000) our price: $17.00 see details 58mm wide angle & telephoto lens, cleaning kit, memory card wallet and more general brand 58mm wide angle & telephoto lens, cleaning kit, memory card wallet and more our price: $49.99 see details 58mm uv, cpl & nd8 deluxe filter kit (set of 3 + carrying case) general brand 58mm uv, cpl & nd8 deluxe filter kit (set of 3 + carrying case) our price: $14.95 see details wired shutter release remote for canon eos t6 camera generic wired shutter release remote for canon eos t6 camera our price: $14.99 see details lcd/lens cleaning pen hf-lpen extreme speed lcd/lens cleaning pen hf-lpen our price: $6.49 see details 12-inch compact rubberized spider tripod & support, large (red) sp12-red deco mount 12-inch compact rubberized spider tripod & support, large (red) sp12-red our price: $12.99 see details professional lens blower - dust removal system general professional lens blower - dust removal system our price: $6.99 see details frequently bought together with see all accessories for this item mack 3 year diamond service warranty certificate (up to $750) *1305* price: $65.00 add to cart ► vidpro rechargeable lithium -ion replacement battery lp-e10 for eos rebel t3, t5, t6 price: $14.09 add to cart ► vivitar pro series multi-power battery grip for canon eos t3, t5, t6 digital slr cameras price: $39.95 add to cart ► canon pixma pro-100 professional inkjet photo printer price: $379.00 add to cart ► canon digital gadget bag 200dg price: $64.95 add to cart ► canon photo paper pro luster lu-101 13"x19" -50 sheets- free w/ select canon printers price: $79.00 add to cart ► canon ef-s 55-250mm f/4-5.6 is stm lens (8546b002) price: $299.00 add to cart ► canon ef 40mm f/2.8 stm pancake lens, canon authorized price: $179.00 add to cart ► digpro compact deluxe gadget bag for cameras/camcorders- dp38 price: $12.95 add to cart ► sign up for coupons and special offers thanks for signing up! connect with us my account customer service contact us f.a.q. policies mobile website coupons shop by brand new releases rebates review us testimonials about us our blog ssl © 1996-2017 beachcamera.com.  all rights reserved. beachcamera.com is a registered trademark.