来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090429083239/http://www.dazadi.com/blog/
================================================================================

sporting goods apparel archery badminton baseball basketball benches and bleachers books and media boxing concessions exercise and fitness fan shop field hockey football golf gymnastics lacrosse p.e. equipment paddleball racquetball soccer softball sports field equipment sports medicine tennis track and field volleyball wrestling game rooms arcade games billiards darts furniture game tables licensed products memorabilia toys and games backgammon board games caster boards chess cribbage game box sets go boards hand held video games lawn games pogo sticks protective gear ramps and rails scooters sudoku table top games outdoor living camping folding tables and chairs games hammocks outdoor rugs patio furniture playground equipment sheds swimming pool accessories dazadi.com blog home finding the right exercise ball for your fitness and physical therapy needs may 18th, 2009 exercise balls are called by many names such as swiss balls, stability balls, fitness balls, workout balls, therapy balls and even birthing balls. the gymnastik exercise ball was created in the 1960’s by an italian manufacturer.  originally, exercise balls were used for physical therapy and rehabilitation needs. eventually, exercise balls were used for fitness purposes and in the early 1990’s, ball dynamics created the fitball, which features a burst resistant material specifically for heavy fitness and rehabilitation needs. the exercise ball is a beneficial tool and can be used for a variety of applications including the improvement of cardiovascular health, posture, balance, flexibility, muscle strength, muscle tone, and core strength. choosing the right sized exercise ball is important and depends on your individual height and weight. a great way to test if an exercise ball is right for you is to sit on top of an inflated ball. if your feet touch the ground, and your knees are in line with your hips at a 90 degree angle, you have the correct ball. this method is purely an approximate guess and often you may need a larger ball based on weight. if you are unsure, go for the larger ball since you can always add less air depending on the appropriate size. below is a helpful guide to follow when purchasing an exercise ball: under 4′8″ - 45 cm ball 4′8″ to 5′3″ - 55 cm ball 5′3″ to 6′0″ - 65 cm ball 6′0″ to 6′7″ - 75 cm ball the physioball exercise ball is a larger ball that was created specifically for physical therapy and rehabilitation needs. this line of balls is available in 85 cm, 95 cm, 105 cm, and 120 cm sizes. exercise balls also make great office chairs and have began popping up in offices everywhere. when sitting on top of the exercise ball, the instability requires you to sit up straighter and engage your core muscles to stay balanced. this allows you not only to improve your core, but also your balance, posture, and coordination. items such as the fitball holder and the fitball stand transform any exercise ball into an office chair. the fitball with feet, and the sitsolution maxafe line of exercise balls feature small stabilizers that make the ball great for sitting. most exercise balls come packaged in a box or bag and require proper inflation before use. products such as the fitball pump inflate your ball to the desired level. more inflation makes the ball more unstable creating a greater balance challenge. for an easier balance ball experience, slightly under-inflate the ball. for help with your exercise ball routine, check out dazadi’s line of fitness dvds and books. after carefully choosing the right ball, you can join this great fitness craze. the exercise ball is ideal for a variety of uses and allows you to be creative with your exercise routine. so, get on the ball and roll your way into a more fit and toned body! tags: buying guide, exercise ball posted in exercise & fitness, buying guides | no comments » choosing the right pitching machine may 12th, 2009 as the summer approaches, children across the country are getting ready for their annual season of little league. considered to be the national pastime, little league baseball began in the 1930’s and has since gained national and international popularity. many children even grow up to play ball in high school, college, and beyond. with a growing amount of competition, many coaches and athletes are searching out ways to improve their hitting and fielding skills. many turn to pitching machines. invented in 1987 by charles hinton, the pitching machine has become a staple at many parks, universities, and baseball training facilities across the country. hinton’s original machine was powered by gunpowder and is now available in different styles, power sources, prices and difficulty ranges. at dazadi, we understand how important it can be to find just the right pitching machine at just the right price. fortunately, we offer a wide range of machines to choose from. some children begin playing baseball or tee-ball at a young age. pitching machines that include a soft-toss feature are perfect for these rookie players. machines such as the heater starting pitcher pitching machine deliver pitches at slow speeds to help build confidence with flying pitches. machines that toss lite-balls, which are made of lightweight material are also great. the heater slider pitching machine and the crusher curve pitching machine toss lite and mini lite-balls that are usually sting free and capable of home use. in little league, coaches can look to machines that deliver a wide variety of pitches to grow with the players who use them. heater features a great line of machines that are fairly inexpensive, portable, and easy to use. the basehit and the heater baseball feature a variable speed control so you can adjust the speed as necessary. in high school and beyond, the atec line of pitching machines are more advanced and offer a wide range of pitches at high speeds. the casey pro baseball pitching machine and the power hummer baseball pitching machine are versatile and can deliver pitches up to 100 miles per hour! of course, we didn’t forget about the girls. softball pitching machines such as the heater softball pitching machine and the baseball/softball combo pitching machine are portable, easy to use, feature a variable speed control, and ball feeder to deliver consistent pitches. whether you are seeking to improve your own batting skills, or you are helping your little leaguer develop a love for the american game, pitching machines can be a great tool both at home and on the field. so, choose the right machine, pick your favorite practice spot, and play ball! tags: buying guide posted in baseball | no comments » yoga: the benefits of strengthening both body and mind may 11th, 2009 yoga, as it is commonly understood today, refers to hatha yoga, a branch that uses postures or “asanas”, to clear the mind and strengthen the body in preparation for mediation. hatha yoga seeks a balance between the mental and the physical. in theory, it pursues a harmony between opposing forces such as fire and water, female and male, darkness and light. hatha yoga’s holistic approach to enlightenment is sought via physical postures (”asanas”), purification procedures (”shatkriyas”), poses (”mudras”) yogic breathing (”pranayamas”), and mediation. hatha yoga presents an excellent way, in today’s hectic and stressful environment, to relax your mind, lessen your anxiety, improve your balance and achieve a healthier perspective. although yoga itself refers to traditional meditative practices from both buddhism and hinduism, hatha yoga is by far the most popular branch or system of study. because yoga seeks to control the senses and clear the mind, yoga classes help shift your focus from your worries to your breath, from everyday distraction to one single pose, from disordered to directed energy flow. this concern for overall wellness has been known to lessen stress, reduce chronic pain and even regenerate healthy tissue. yoga provides superb exercise and can be practiced at home with yoga dvd’s or in classes led by a credentialed instructor. poses are performed using yoga mats, and are often coupled with yoga balls, yoga blocks and yoga bolsters for greater accuracy and therapeutic benefit. we at dazadi.com, in our endeavor to help you enjoy life to the fullest, offer a great variety of yoga equipment. our jfit skidless yoga mats provide exceptional stability for even the most challenging poses and come in fun, soothing colors. for example the jfit elements skidless yoga mat- water, and the jfit premium skidless flower printed yoga mat-green feature attractive, original designs. jfit’s eco-friendly mats are lightweight, durable and biodegradable! yoga teaches an awareness of and concern for the world and one’s place in it. jfit’s environmentally-conscious products contribute to that overarching interest. foam rollers are also a great way to strengthen and condition your body. foam rollers are used especially for physical therapy, as they improve balance, flexibility and muscle rehabilitation. jfit manufactures several good quality foam rollers such as the jfit basic round 36’’ foam roller-white and the super-comfortable jfit premium textured high density foam roller 36” round . this durable high density roller is also great for pilates training, as it helps you exercise and strengthen your core muscles. tko also produces tough, long-lasting foam rollers to enhance core flexibility and improve muscle stabilization. yoga exercises can help you attain a sense of peace and control outside of the classroom or home gym! use meditation and breathing exercises to reduce tension while at work, school or on the go. develop your balance and flexibility to improve day-to-day endurance. set aside personal time at least one day a week for a fitness style that builds both body and mind! tags: helpful information posted in exercise & fitness | no comments » finding the right exercise equipment for your home april 13th, 2009 home workouts are an attractive option for an increasing number of people these days for various reasons including the cost of health clubs and the lack of privacy in a public gym. people also enjoy the ability to workout whenever they choose in the comfort of their own home. when setting up a home gym, the most important thing is to choose the right equipment for your needs. the main feature of your home gym is probably going to be a cardio fitness machine, which can help you build strength and endurance. this is also is a great way to warm up before lifting weights or engaging in any other exercise activities. this article gives a brief review of some high quality exercise equipment you may desire to purchase including exercise bikes, elliptical machines (also called elliptical trainers) treadmills, rowing machines, and other home gym equipment. read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide posted in exercise & fitness | no comments » pool table guide april 3rd, 2009 investing in your own pool table is a purchase that can provide the enjoyment of billiards for generations to come. knowing what you want in a table and the kind of space it will occupy will help you hone in on the perfect pool table for you. here are a few aspects to consider when making your decision. read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide posted in billiards | no comments » history of dome hockey march 21st, 2009 how could the chilly, long-standing hostility between the us and the soviet union spark decades of entertainment, friendly competition and good times? well, it was the cold war tension between these two superpowers that actually spawned an arcade game which spread in popularity around the world. in an historic olympic hockey game in 1980, when the us and the soviets took to the ice, the seeds of what would be known as bubble hockey (or dome hockey, as it is also called) were sown. with the us being considered the underdog in this epic match,  the unexpected win over their soviet rivals brought a swelling patriotism across america. as the flag flying fueled a renewed enthusiasm for hockey and the good old u s of a, a company known as ice (innovative concepts in entertainment) saw a window of opportunity. by 1982 ice had produced their original super chexx dome hockey table, the first table hockey game enclosed within a dome. a high tech upgrade to the traditional manual table hockey game, bubble hockey took table hockey to a whole new level. bubble hockey provided electronic scoring, sound effects and auto puck return all within the confines of a dome enclosure. riding the wave of fervor created by the celebrated 1980 olympic win, the first super chexx models gave a nod to history and featured opposing teams in their respective us and soviet uniforms. read the rest of this entry » tags: history posted in game tables | no comments » texas holdem rules march 18th, 2009 before you buy a poker table and begin playing texas holdem, you need to know the basic rules of the game. this will help you keep yourself oriented so that you can play better. texas holdem may be different from the poker you’ve played before, so you might need to play a few hands before you start feeling comfortable. read the rest of this entry » tags: rules posted in casino games | no comments » general rules of basketball february 18th, 2009 the rules of basketball have evolved greatly since dr. james naismith first drew up the famous first 13 rules. the most notable developments are the inclusion of the dribble, the free throw, and the three point basket. here dazadi offers rules that are by no means official, but rather give players a basic understanding of how the modern game is played. read the rest of this entry » tags: rules posted in basketball | no comments » general rules of baseball february 18th, 2009 the modern game of baseball is barely recognizable from its earliest official form as drawn up in the knickerbocker rules. originally, players didn’t wear gloves, there were no home runs, pitches were thrown underhand, and there wasn’t even a fly out rule. since then, the rules of baseball have changed virtually every year, evolving very slowly with developments in glove, bat, and protective technologies. but even the modern game stays true to its pastoral roots, as is evidenced by these general rules offered by dazadi. these are by no means meant to be official of definitive, but rather are meant to give players a basic understanding of how the game is played. read the rest of this entry » tags: rules posted in baseball | no comments » table tennis history february 18th, 2009 table tennis originated in england as an after dinner amusement for aristocrats in the 1880s. like most sports in their infant stages, table tennis originally had no equipment made specifically for the sport, and instead used everyday equipment such as champagne corks and cigar box lids. players developed names for the sport such as “whiff whaff” and “ping pong,” based upon the sound of the ball hitting the paddle. english sporting goods manufacturers j. jaques & son ltd registered the name “ping pong” in 1901, and as a result the name ping pong came to be used for the game when it was played with the jaques equipment, while other manufacturers called their versions the more generic “table tennis.” a similar situation came to exist in the united states, where jaques sold the rights to the ping-pong name to parker bros. escalade sports is the current owner of the rights to the name. read the rest of this entry » tags: history posted in game tables, ping pong | no comments » « older entries search for: archives may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 december 2008 november 2008 categories arcade games (3) baseball (5) basketball (3) billiards (2) buying guides (1) casino games (4) chess (1) darts (3) deals (1) exercise & fitness (3) foosball (2) game rooms (6) game tables (8) games (1) new products (1) ping pong (2) popular categories: basketball hoops multi game tables foosball tables air hockey tables dome hockey table tennis shuffle board game tables arcade games pool tables exercise and fitness darts dazadi.com blog is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss).