来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090429083239/http://www.dazadi.com/blog/basketball-hoop-buying-guide/
================================================================================

basketball hoop buying guide | dazadi.com blog sporting goods apparel archery badminton baseball basketball benches and bleachers books and media boxing concessions exercise and fitness fan shop field hockey football golf gymnastics lacrosse p.e. equipment paddleball racquetball soccer softball sports field equipment sports medicine tennis track and field volleyball wrestling game rooms arcade games billiards darts furniture game tables licensed products memorabilia toys and games backgammon board games caster boards chess cribbage game box sets go boards hand held video games lawn games pogo sticks protective gear ramps and rails scooters sudoku table top games outdoor living camping folding tables and chairs games hammocks outdoor rugs patio furniture playground equipment sheds swimming pool accessories dazadi.com blog home basketball hoop buying guide february 18th, 2009 “i am sure that no man can derive more pleasure from money or power than i do from seeing a pair of basketball goals in some out of the way place.” - dr. james naismith (1861 - 1939), inventor of basketball. the basketball goal certainly has come a long way since dr. naismith nailed two peach baskets to either side of a ymca gymnasium on a chilly december day in 1892. modern models feature such an overwhelming variety of pole sizes, backboard materials, adjustment methods, and other features that the average player is often left confused as to which basketball hoop is right for them. to help you sort through our massive selection and discover which one is perfect for your needs, we have drawn from our many years of expertise to create what we believe is the most thorough and helpful basketball goal buying guide on the internet. of course if you still have questions you can always call us at 888-382-4537 twenty-four hours a day, and our product specialists are available monday through friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm (pst). terminology over the years the basketball system has changed names more times than a fugitive on the run, and probably has more titles than any single piece of sporting equipment. but don’t worry, whether you call it a basketball system, basketball goal, basketball unit, basketball hoop, basketball pole, basketball net, basketball backboard, basketball set, basketball rim, or basketball standard, most everyone with even passing familiarity with the game will know what you are talking about. in this guide, the terminology will vary, but will primarily alternate between “basketball system”, “basketball goal”, and “basketball hoop”. the regulation system the standard of quality for a basketball system is a professional regulation system that can be found on a high school, college, or professional level court. when a basketball hoop is said to be more “realistic” than another, it means that the system’s play quality possesses more similarities to what you find on these types of professional systems. a regulation system’s backboard is 72 inches across, 42 inches high, 1/2 inch thick, is made of tempered glass, has a high quality breakaway rim, and an overhang of four feet from the backboard to the out of bounds line. players it’s also important to know whether you are a casual/recreational player or a serious player. a casual player is one who plans to use their basketball goal occasionally and lightly, and rarely or never slam dunks, while a serious player is one who plays, has played, or aspires to play organized basketball. it is important for a serious player to purchase as realistic a goal as possible, so that their practice backboard feels the same as the one they play on competitively. first things first when deciding which basketball system is right for you the first question to ask is, “will it be for home or institutional use?” in-ground, portable, or wall mounted basketball hoop if the basketball is for the home, then a please continue reading. if the basketball system is for a gym, school, or church, please click here to learn more about institutional basketball systems. if the basketball system is for the home, the next question to ask is whether you want to buy an in-ground, a portable, or a wall mounted basketball hoop. if there is a perfect spot in your driveway for the basketball hoop, buy an in-ground. in-ground basketball hoops are always preferred over portables and wall mounts as their cement installation allows them to generally be the most rigid, durable, and sturdy of any other type. if you prefer to be able to move your system, or don’t want to deal with cement installation, buy a portable basketball hoop. while they may not provide the realism of an in-ground basketball hoop, they are very convenient and allow you to play basketball virtually anywhere that there is level surface. also, many homeowners associations do not allow for basketball hoops to be left in sight all day. a portable hoop will allow you to shoot hoops in the driveway when you are ready to play, and roll it into storage when the game’s over. if you are not able to provide any ground space for a basketball system or simply don’t want to have a pole in the way, a backboard and rim combo or wall mounted basketball system would be best for you. these kinds of systems allow you to mount a basketball hoop directly to a wall, roof, or garage. once you have settled on which type of system you want, you should decide which brand and model is right for you. the following sections detail some of the most popular brands and models of each type of system and what specific features you should look for when shopping for a basketball goal. in-ground basketball hoop if you have decided that an in-ground basketball hoop suits your needs best, next you should consider a few of the most popular systems for each type of player. the lifetime world class 71793 48 inch adjustable in-ground basketball hoop (3865) is very popular with customers for its low price and easy to use action grip height adjustment mechanism. casual players who want step up should consider the first team champ ii in-ground basketball hoop (3548) or first team slam iii in-ground basketball hoop (3546). these systems are better because of their larger and sturdier poles, and thicker acrylic backboards. serious players should consider the regulation glass first team olympian arena in-ground basketball hoop (7668) or the acrylic model first team olympian supreme in-ground basketball hoop (7667). these systems provide the performance and rebound that players may be accustomed to if they play high school, college, or professional level basketball. players who are unsure of whether they are a recreational or serious player, or serious players who are looking for something more economical should consider the mammoth 98854 in ground basketball hoop with 54 inch acrylic backboard (3711) or hydra rib 830 60 inch in-ground basketball hoop (3528). while these systems don’t have the regulation specifications of the first team olympian, they are exceptional values and have very sturdy 5″ poles. important features to consider for in ground basketball systems backboard: a professional basketball system’s backboard is 72 inches across, 42 inches high, 1/2 inch thick, and is made of tempered glass. however, backboards on residential in ground basketball systems are usually either 44, 48, 54, 60, or 72 inches across, 5/16, 3/8, or 1/2 inches thick, and are made of acrylic, fiberglass, graphite, steel or tempered glass. thicker backboard material makes for better rebound. the backboard can either be rectangular or fan shaped, but rectangular is generally preferred for the larger playing surface it provides. rim: rims are 18 inches in diameter and are either standard or breakaway. breakaway rims have internal springs which allow them to flex when pressure or weight is applied, while classic rims are rigid and stationary. the large majority of residential basketball systems come with a breakaway rim standard. if you plan to lower the rim and practice dunking then it is highly recommended that you buy a higher quality basketball goal with a heavy duty breakaway rim such as the first team titan supreme (adjustable) basketball system (3551) or the first team force select (adjustable) basketball system (3542). please note that even though some inexpensive models have breakaway rims, dunking on them is not recommended. pole: poles on in-ground basketball hoops range from 3 to 8 inches, are usually either round or square, and come in either one, two, or three pieces. pole thickness greatly affects the rigidity of the system, which affects the responsiveness of the rebound. the thicker the pole, the more of a pro-like feel a backboard has when a basketball is bounced against it. you should also note the gauge of the steel of the pole, which can range from 18 to 7. the lower the gauge, the more durable and rigid the system is. square poles are preferred over round ones because they reduce vibration, and one piece poles are preferred over two and three piece poles for the same reason. adjustability: adjustable basketball hoops allow for the rim to be lowered and raised in order to meet the needs and level of play for all ages. most adjustable systems will lower to approximately seven and a half feet and can be raised to the regulation height of 10 feet. a few of the most common height adjustment methods include: telescoping pole- a telescoping pole slides up and down the base pole and locks in place using a screw bolt. systems with telescoping poles have no overhang. broomhandle\ratchet adjust - a broom handle is used to unlock a ratchet mechanism, where it can then be adjusted and locked back in place. crank adjust - a simple crank handle turns to adjust the system up and down. handle assist mechanism - these can be either pneumatic (gas assisted) or manual. a handle on the back of the pole is raised and lowered to adjust the backboard. basketball hoops are either adjustable in six inch increments or “infinite” increments. when a basketball hoop is said be adjustable in six inch increments, it means that there are a set number of heights to which it can be adjusted. for example, a system that can adjust from 7.5 to 10 feet could be set at either 7.5, 8, 8.5, 9, 9.5 or 10 feet. a system that can be adjusted in infinite increments doesn’t have this restriction, so you can set the rim at any point in between its highest and lowest possible height. overhang: the distance from the pole to the backboard is called “overhang” or “offset.” to measure overhang, simple adjust the basketball goal so the rim is at 10 feet, hang a string from the back a backboard so it reaches to the ground, and measure the distance from the string to the pole. it can range from nothing (when the backboard is mounted directly onto the pole) to four feet, which is the distance from backboard to the out of bounds line on a regulation court. overhang is important for safety reasons; it gives the player more room to stop after a charging layup. it also contributes to play quality, as there is more room underneath to rim to play, so there is a more pro-like feel to the game. cement installation: the two most common kinds of cement installation for an in-ground basketball hoop are direct bury and anchor mounting. direct bury poles, just as the name suggests, cement directly into the ground. once a direct bury pole is installed there is no real way to move or remove it without digging up the concrete. in anchor mounting, a ground anchor with four j-bolts is cemented into the ground rather than the pole. the pole is then bolted directly onto the anchor. this allows you to remove the pole should you ever move or need to temporarily store the pole. you can install the pole in a new location simply by buying and installing a new ground anchor. depending on your system, you will need to dig a hole two feet square and three or four feet deep to properly cement the basketball pole or anchor into the ground. protection: the two areas of the system a player is most like to impact during play are the pole and the lower area of the backboard. most manufacturers provide backboard and pole padding (usually sold separately) designed to prevent and reduce injury from collision with the system. basketball goal padding is highly recommended for competitive players, as advanced high speed play increases the need for extra protection. portable a recreational portable basketball hoop contains a molded plastic base filled with sand or water used to stabilize the pole and backboard. many recreational players enjoy the huffy hercules 60162 54 inch adjustable portable basketball hoop (60162) because it is a good value for the relatively large backboard and base. casual players who are solely concerned about price should consider a huffy instahoop system such as the huffy u61249 44 inch instahoop adjustable portable basketball hoop (3848). while this system does not provide very good rebound and has no overhang, its ease of assembly and affordability make it perfect for children who may not play very often. casual players who want a system with relatively good rigidity should consider the lifetime competition series 72005 portable basketball hoop with 54 inch acrylic backboard (3871). it has a massive 42 gallon base and a 4″ square pole, the thickest of any other residential portable basketball hoop. serious players who want the ultimate in portable performance should take a look at the very rigid first team fury select portable basketball system (6947). besides being one of the best quality residential portable systems you can buy, it is also surprisingly easy to fold and move. serious players should also consider the schutt c2500 slam series portable basketball hoop with 54 inch acrylic backboard (3933) and the smaller models: the schutt c1000 slam series portable basketball hoop with 48 inch acrylic backboard (3623) and schutt c2000 slam series portable basketball hoop with 48 inch acrylic backboard (3624). this family of systems provides excellent durability and rigidity, and like the first team fury select, has a regulation overhang of four feet when the hoop is adjusted to ten feet. it is important to note that higher end basketball goals like these are actually built to be used indoors. while it is fine to use them for outdoor play, they should not be left outdoors for extended periods time like you can with some of the lower end portables. to prevent rusting or other damage, it’s best to store the higher end basketball hoop in a garage or shed when not in use. important features to consider for portable basketball hoops backboard: a regulation system’s backboard is 72 inches across, 42 inches high, 1/2 inches thick, and is made of tempered glass. unfortunately, since portables don’t benefit from the stability of being installed in the ground the way that in-grounds do, you simply can’t get a regulation backboard on residential portable basketball hoop. most residential portable basketball hoops have 44, 48, 52, or 54 inch backboards and made of acrylic, fiberglass, or graphite. rim: like in ground basketball goals, rims on portable basketball systems are 18 inches in diameter and are either standard or breakaway. even though the majority of portable basketball hoops have breakaway rims, dunking on them is not recommended because even portable systems with large bases are capable of tipping over if too much weight is applied. pole: the majority of poles on residential portable basketball hoops are three piece, round, 16 or 18 gauge steel, and either 3 inches or 3.5 inches in diameter. exceptions are the lifetime competition series 72005 portable basketball hoop with 54 inch acrylic backboard which has a 4 inch square 14 gauge steel pole, as well as certain higher end systems. as with in-grounds, it’s best to get the thickest pole possible, with the fewest pieces and the lowest gauge steel. adjustability: adjustable basketball hoops allow for the rim to be lowered and raised in order to meet the needs and level of play for all ages. most adjustable systems will lower to approximately seven and a half feet and can be raised to the regulation height of 10 feet. a few of the most common height adjustment methods include: telescoping pole- a telescoping pole slides up and down the base pole and locks in place using a screw bolt. systems with telescoping poles have no overhang. broomhandle\ratchet adjust - a broom handle is used to unlock a ratchet mechanism, where it can then be adjusted and locked back in place. crank adjust - a simple crank handle turns to adjust the system up and down. handle assist mechanism - these can be either pneumatic (gas assisted) or manual. a handle on the back of the pole is raised and lowered to adjust the backboard. basketball systems are either adjustable in six inch increments or “infinite” increments. when a basketball system is said be adjustable in six inch increments, it means that there are a set number of heights to which it can be adjusted. for example, a system that can adjust from 7.5 to 10 feet could be set at either 7.5, 8, 8.5, 9, 9.5 or 10 feet. a system that can be adjusted in infinite increments doesn’t have this restriction, so you can adjust the rim at any point in between its highest and lowest possible height. overhang: portable basketball hoops tend to have less overhang than in grounds. many lower end portable systems have a telescoping pole, which means the backboard is mounted directly to the pole and it has no overhang, while on other systems it can range from 2-3 feet. as with in ground basketball hoops, its best to get a system with as much overhang as possible for reasons of safety and play quality. base: usually a residential portable basketball system has a base ranging in size from 27 to 42 gallons which is meant to be filled with either sand or water used to stabilize the pole. the dimensions of the base are approximately 2 to 3 feet wide and 3 to 4 feet long. a system with a high gallon capacity base will take up more ground space, will hold more material and will be a more stable system once it is filled. sand is heavier than water so it is the preferred material if stability is the primary concern, but most people find water less messy, more manageable, and easier to empty. if you choose to fill your base with water and live in a part of the country where water left outside will freeze, it is strongly recommended that you add anti-freeze to the water to prevent your base from cracking, or simply drain the base during the colder seasons. certain bases have a lock-down feature, which allows you secure the base to concrete surfaces using bolts you can install in the ground. higher end portable basketball goals do not have bases that can be filled with water or loose sand. rather they usually have a compartment in the base which is used to store bricks, patio blocks, steel plates or similar heavy items as ballast. these bases are made of steel, are heavier duty, and often require much more ballast than those found on residential portable basketball hoops. protection: as with in-grounds, you can increase the safety of the basketball hoop by buying padding. be sure that the padding you buy is the correct size for your basketball goal’s backboard and pole, and if possible the same brand. backboard and rim combos \ wall mounted basketball goals the two types of basketball systems mounted to wall or roof are the backboard and rim combo and the wall mounted system. backboard and rim combos are generally meant for recreational players and require the additional purchase of a compatible mounting bracket. it’s important to get a mounting bracket that is made by the same manufacturer as the hoop to ensure compatibility. a mounting bracket made by a different manufacturer may not allow you to properly mount the basketball hoop. wall mounted basketball hoops are higher quality goals meant for more serious players, and come with the mounting bracket. two of the most popular backboard and rim combos are the lifetime world class 73621 shatter guard 48 inch backboard and rim combo (5306) and the larger lifetime competition series 79910 shatter guard 50 inch backboard and rim combo (5308). these systems are great if you want a simple hoop and don’t have room for a pole. serious players who want to be able to mount a regulation sized hoop to their wall should consider the goalsetter systems gs72 wall-mount adjustable basketball hoop with 72 inch glass backboard (5446). if you feel you don’t need a 72 inch backboard to practice on you could also consider a 60 inch model such as the first team roofmaster select (adjustable) basketball system (3554) or a 48 inch model like the first team roofmaster ii (adjustable) basketball system (3533). these systems have an overhang of three feet and a very wide adjustment range, from 6 to 10 feet, so even younger players can enjoy playing on them. important features to consider for backboard and rim combos and wall mounts backboard: a regulation basketball system’s backboard is 72 inches across, 42 inches high, 1/2 inches thick, and is made of tempered glass. while the higher end wall mounted basketball hoops can have regulation sized backboards, the largest backboard and rim combos have 54 inch backboards. it should also be noted that the acrylic on backboard and rim combos tends to run very thin, often less than 5/16 of an inch, so they are more prone to rebound reducing vibration and lack of rigidity than higher end wall mounted basketball hoops. rim: like in other systems, a rim on a backboard and rim combo or wall mounted basketball hoop can be either standard or breakaway. even though a wall mounted system might have a breakaway rim, dunking is not recommend because there is never any guarantee that the wall to which a basketball hoop is mounted will be able to withstand a players weight. mounting bracket\ adjustability: when buying a backboard and rim combo always be certain you buy a mounting bracket made by the same manufacturer. both lifetime and huffy offer two types of mounting brackets: stationary and adjustable. the two stationary models are the lifetime 9594 universal mounting bracket (5309) and the huffy 8406 universal basketball mounting bracket (3988). the two models that allow you adjust the height of the hoop after it has been installed are the lifetime 1044 quick adjust conversion kit (5310) and the huffy converter 8839r ratchet adjust mounting bracket system (5336). overhang: the overhang on wall mounted basketball hoops is usually three feet. on backboard and rim combos the overhang is based solely on the type of mounting bracket used and how you use it. if you use one of the stationary mounting brackets, the overhang will be either nothing or negligible. if you use the lifetime 1044 quick adjust conversion kit (5310) or the huffy converter 8839r ratchet adjust mounting bracket system (5336) the overhang will be approximately 1.5 feet provided it is pole or wall mounted. if it is roof mounted, overhang will depend upon placement on the roof. specialty basketball systems swimming pool basketball hoops: when the mercury starts rising, swimming pool basketball with a basketball hoop like the lifetime pool side basketball hoop with 44 inch acrylic backboard (3978) is a great way to cool down. you might also try the pool shot junior varsity swimming pool basketball hoop (5476). its larger backboard and specially designed “wings” reduce the number of times you have to climb out of the pool due to air balls. swimming pool basketball hoops are easy to assemble, easy to move around, and a great way to get extra use out of your swimming pool. children’s portable basketball hoops: since the lowest most basketball hoops can adjust is 7.5 feet, which is still too high for some small children to enjoy, there are a couple mini basketball hoops built specifically for kids such as the shoot case mini-basketball hoop set (3722) which can adjust from 3 to 5 feet (for ages 3-5), and the huffy 58296 youth portable basketball hoop with 32″ eco-composite backboard (5319) which can adjust from 4.5 to 6 feet (for ages 4-7). these are perfect for children who are eager to play hoops but aren’t quite old enough to shoot on the adult systems. mini basketball hoops: mini hoops like the huffy one-on-one jammer mini basketball hoop (3596) are great for small children, and the nba mini-jammer basketball hoop (3671) which hangs on a door or wall is great for kids or basketball fans who want to take their game to work or the great indoors. you can even show support for your favorite team by getting the nba team logo mini jammer basketball hoop (3575) or the ncaa team logo mini jammer basketball hoop (5171). although they aren’t really designed for rough play and slam dunking, they are a lot of fun and very inexpensive. posted in basketball | search for: archives may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 december 2008 november 2008 categories arcade games (3) baseball (5) basketball (3) billiards (2) casino games (4) chess (1) darts (3) deals (1) exercise & fitness (2) foosball (2) game rooms (6) game tables (8) games (1) new products (1) ping pong (2) popular categories: basketball hoops multi game tables foosball tables air hockey tables dome hockey table tennis shuffle board game tables arcade games pool tables exercise and fitness darts dazadi.com blog is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss).