来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101222173732/http://www.dazadi.com/blog/
================================================================================

| dazadi.com sporting goods action sports apparel archery badminton baseball basketball benches and bleachers books and media boxing concessions exercise and fitness fan shop field hockey football golf gymnastics lacrosse p.e. equipment paddleball racquetball soccer softball sports field equipment sports medicine street hockey tennis track and field volleyball wrestling game rooms arcade games billiards darts jukeboxes and nostalgia furniture game tables licensed products memorabilia toys and games arts and crafts bikes, scooters & ride-ons building and construction toys dolls and stuffed animals games and puzzles furniture, storage & decor dramatic play outdoor play play vehicles learning toys baby toys musical instruments hand held video games sudoku table top games outdoor living cycling camping canopies folding tables and chairs games hammocks outdoor rugs patio furniture playground equipment sheds trampolines swimming pool dazadi.com blog home review of advantage basketball camps august 20th, 2010 advantage basketball offers a series of camps and private instructional sessions for aspiring basketball stars ages 7 all the way up to 18. more than just a babysitting service, the basketball camps provide intensive, hands-on instruction for players who want to work hard and improve. the camps themselves are located all over the country with plans to expand into new states. they include between 1 and 5 days of personalized instruction for players of all skill levels. from those competitive kids who are new to the game to older players aiming for college scholarships. the advantage basketball camp’s are an excellent choice. the advantage youth basketball camp is designed to promote both fun and high-level intensity. kids must come prepared to work hard and the camp promises that they will improve. ball handling is at the center of the camp’s focus, and the coaches arrange a number of one-handed dribbling drills to reinforce proper techniques. not only will campers develop their basic ball handling ability, but they will learn impressive and essential moves to become more effective off of the dribble. success in basketball is largely determined by repetition and muscle memory. for this reason, the camp’s coaches put players through a wide range of different drills. read the rest of this entry » posted in basketball, outdoor games | no comments » designing the ultimate man cave part 1 july 22nd, 2010 creating a man cave is a must for every guy who ever dreamed of having a cool place to hang out with friends. a man cave is a place where men can drain a few beers and watch the game without having the ladies breathing down their necks or making the house a free for all. there are three elements which can make a man cave the ultimate place to spend man time. pool tables solids or stripes? bringing a pool table into a man cave is one of the best ways to draw the bros in. billiards is a classic party game, but it continues to endure because it requires a combination of skill and strategy. amp it up: if you are having a night where you are not feeling classy enough to play pool, bring out your inner barbarian to play a game of full contact crud. two teams play with a pool ball apiece. the game is played when one player tries to knock in the other player’s balls into a pocket with their ball. the team that is scored on then has to take a drink. the full contact part comes in because body blocks are fully permissible to save your ball from your opponents. read the rest of this entry » posted in billiards, foosball, game rooms, game tables, games, ping pong | no comments » basketball training videos july 13th, 2010 the game of basketball is demanding, and the competition for playing time is always fierce. basketball videos and dvds can be a vital component in every player’s development. the visual illustration of critical techniques and tactics will help both beginning and advanced players to identify the weaknesses in their game and offer detailed methods that will result in rapid improvement. in examining the multitude of basketball dvds that are available, it is important to select a series that provides a comprehensive instructional program based on proven methods. basketball training videos should be easy to understand and have an established track record in developing accomplished players. read the rest of this entry » posted in basketball | no comments » did lebron james deserve the 2010 mvp award? june 30th, 2010 king james wins his second nba mvp in a row, but after getting knocked out of the playoffs by the celtics in the early goings, many are wondering if lebron deserves the award. regardless, lebron did have another exceptional year. here’s a video highlighting his 2010 season. as lebron hits the free agent market in the next of day, it will be interesting to see what happens. playing in a larger market like new york or miami will definitely fatten james wallet, but ultimately he’s looking for a championship ring and i think that will play the biggest deciding factor. want to play like king james? better get your practice on! see dazadi’s full link of basketball hoops → posted in basketball | no comments » picking your shot – pop a shot premium vs. pop a shot home june 4th, 2010 non-stop fun: the pop a shot electronic basketball game original pop a shot premium steel electornic basketball game you don’t have to be a basketball junkie to love the original pop a shot basketball game. it’s the kind of activity that livens up parties, adds an attraction to any get together, and creates that addiction to shoot “just one more round” before quitting. it’s like basketball, only better. the challenge–you, the ball, and the hoop–and scoring as high as you can. but there’s another challenge. there’s more than one kind of pop a shot basketball game–the premium steel version and the home version. how do you know which one is right for you? read the rest of this entry » posted in basketball, buying guides, game rooms, games | no comments » 3 pockey tables for your home game room may 13th, 2010 pockey tables are a fun way to make the most of your recreation space and gaming budget. standard pockey tables combine two classics: pool and hockey. the tables are easily flipped to provide two playing surfaces. more advanced pockey tables add variety with markings and accessories for horseshoes, table tennis, mini-basketball, standard board games, and other rec room showdowns. fat cat’s pockey tables are available in different sizes – 4 feet long and 7 feet long — to accommodate smaller recreation rooms and larger entertainment settings. read the rest of this entry » posted in air hockey, backgammon, billiards, chess, game rooms, game tables, games, ping pong | no comments » shuffleboard table buying guide: helpful hints for finding just the right table january 5th, 2010 shuffleboard tables have evolved from an indoor variation of the popular game of lawn bowling to a mainstay in taverns and pubs everywhere. a sure test of precision, accuracy, and skill, shuffleboard requires you to gently push weighted pucks down the table into the designated scoring area on the other side. it may seem like an easy task, but with a slippery surface and smooth puck bearings, having just the right touch is essential! the shuffleboard playing area consists of a wooden playing surface surrounded by a carpeted ”gutter” and side walls. regulation size tables feature a 3 inch thick piece of wood that is 22 feet long, but several smaller sizes are available to accommodate any home or recreational space. top quality playing surfaces are made of maple wood and feature a polymer surface, but other, more affordable wood surfaces and finishes are available to withstand moderate recreational use. read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, game tables, shuffleboard tables posted in buying guides, game rooms, game tables | no comments » stair climber buying guide: finding a stepper to fit every budget level! january 4th, 2010 a mainstay in gyms and fitness centers across the country, stair climbers, also known as steppers, are a dynamic piece of exercise equipment that simulate running or walking upstairs. not only are they great cardiovascular machines, but stair climbers can help tone your buttocks, thighs, and legs! these powerful workout machines make a beneficial addition to any home gym since they can provide you with an intense, low-impact workout in a short amount of time. at dazadi, we understand that when purchasing an often expensive piece of equipment, you want to do it right the first time. we offer a wide variety of machines, detailed product descriptions, and excellent and responsive customer service, to ensure you have every available resource necessary to help find a stair climber that fits your budget and fitness needs! below is a buying guide to help you find the right stair climber machine for your available budget: read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, cardio equipment, stair climbers posted in buying guides, exercise & fitness, uncategorized | no comments » buyer’s guide to the exercise bike: upright vs. recumbent december 30th, 2009 bicycling offers a fun and intensive cardiovascular workout. biking up hills, down trails and through your neighborhood is a great way to tone your buttocks, thighs and calves. but a hectic schedule, bad weather or nasty dogs can often stand between you and that engaging workout. stationary bikes provide a comprehensive cardiovascular and calorie-burning workout with adjustable resistance, exercise programs and session feedback. and, best of all, you can enjoy it from the convenience and privacy of your own home. watch a movie, listen to your favorite workout music or keep an eye on the kids while you boost your metabolism and trim your waistline. there are two basic types of stationary exercise bikes: upright and recumbent. the type you choose is based entirely on your personal fitness level and goals. read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, exercise bike, recumbent bike. stationary cycle, upright bike posted in exercise & fitness | no comments » a review of the best rowing machines: a buying guide for every budget december 29th, 2009 rowing machines offer one of the most effective total body workouts available! combining the muscle building effects of natural rowing movements with various levels of resistance, rowing machines help you build your legs, thighs, buttocks, core, arms, and shoulders all while receiving a cardio workout! there’s no need to switch from machine to machine in one long, time consuming exercise session. rowing machines feature multiple workouts, which saves you time and money. these great cardio machines use the natural sitting movement of rowing to build strength. while they are a great tool for off-season rowers, anybody can benefit from the workout advantages a rowing machine has to offer. there are various types of machines with multiple resistance levels to fit your budget and fitness needs. if you’re wondering how to tell the difference between a magnetic, water, air, or hydraulic machines, check out our blog titled, ”the rowing machine: providing you with a total body workout” for more information. whether you’re looking for the most affordable machine, or a rower that is the best on the market, at dazadi, we want to ensure you purchase with confidence! feel free to browse our current selection with extensive descriptions and product details, or speak to a customer service representative happy to find the answer to all of your questions! below is a review of a few different rowing machines for various budget levels: read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, exercise and fitness, rowing machine posted in buying guides, exercise & fitness | no comments » « older entries latest - award winners! awards basketball fitness game tables volleyball categories air hockey arcade games backgammon badminton baseball basketball billiards buying guides casino games chess darts deals exercise & fitness foosball game rooms game tables games history new products outdoor games outdoor living ping pong soccer toys and games uncategorized volleyball popular categories: basketball hoops multi game tables foosball tables air hockey tables dome hockey table tennis shuffle board game tables arcade games pool tables exercise and fitness darts dazadi.com blog is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss).