来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111219113602/http://www.dazadi.com/blog/tag/buying-guide/
================================================================================

» buying guide | dazadi.com my account  |  shopping cart (0)  |  track your order  |  contact us 888-382-4537 always open 24/7 free shipping on every item in stock sporting goods archery badminton baseball basketball boxing cycling exercise & fitness fan shop football golf lacrosse p.e. equipment paddleball racquetball soccer softball sports field equipment sports medicine street hockey tennis volleyball game rooms arcade games billiards darts home concessions furniture game tables jukeboxes & nostalgia toys and games arts & crafts bikes, scooters & ride-ons dolls & stuffed animals games & puzzles furniture, storage & decor dramatic play outdoor play play vehicles learning toys baby toys musical instruments hand held video games table top games outdoor living canopies folding tables & chairs hammocks lawn games patio furniture playground equipment saunas storage & maintenance swimming pool trampolines dazadi.com blog home shuffleboard table buying guide: helpful hints for finding just the right table january 5th, 2010 shuffleboard tables have evolved from an indoor variation of the popular game of lawn bowling to a mainstay in taverns and pubs everywhere. a sure test of precision, accuracy, and skill, shuffleboard requires you to gently push weighted pucks down the table into the designated scoring area on the other side. it may seem like an easy task, but with a slippery surface and smooth puck bearings, having just the right touch is essential! the shuffleboard playing area consists of a wooden playing surface surrounded by a carpeted ”gutter” and side walls. regulation size tables feature a 3 inch thick piece of wood that is 22 feet long, but several smaller sizes are available to accommodate any home or recreational space. top quality playing surfaces are made of maple wood and feature a polymer surface, but other, more affordable wood surfaces and finishes are available to withstand moderate recreational use. read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, game tables, shuffleboard tables posted in buying guides, game rooms, game tables | no comments » stair climber buying guide: finding a stepper to fit every budget level! january 4th, 2010 a mainstay in gyms and fitness centers across the country, stair climbers, also known as steppers, are a dynamic piece of exercise equipment that simulate running or walking upstairs. not only are they great cardiovascular machines, but stair climbers can help tone your buttocks, thighs, and legs! these powerful workout machines make a beneficial addition to any home gym since they can provide you with an intense, low-impact workout in a short amount of time. at dazadi, we understand that when purchasing an often expensive piece of equipment, you want to do it right the first time. we offer a wide variety of machines, detailed product descriptions, and excellent and responsive customer service, to ensure you have every available resource necessary to help find a stair climber that fits your budget and fitness needs! below is a buying guide to help you find the right stair climber machine for your available budget: read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, cardio equipment, stair climbers posted in buying guides, exercise & fitness, uncategorized | no comments » buyer’s guide to the exercise bike: upright vs. recumbent december 30th, 2009 bicycling offers a fun and intensive cardiovascular workout. biking up hills, down trails and through your neighborhood is a great way to tone your buttocks, thighs and calves. but a hectic schedule, bad weather or nasty dogs can often stand between you and that engaging workout. stationary bikes provide a comprehensive cardiovascular and calorie-burning workout with adjustable resistance, exercise programs and session feedback. and, best of all, you can enjoy it from the convenience and privacy of your own home. watch a movie, listen to your favorite workout music or keep an eye on the kids while you boost your metabolism and trim your waistline. there are two basic types of stationary exercise bikes: upright and recumbent. the type you choose is based entirely on your personal fitness level and goals. read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, exercise bike, recumbent bike. stationary cycle, upright bike posted in exercise & fitness | no comments » a review of the best rowing machines: a buying guide for every budget december 29th, 2009 rowing machines offer one of the most effective total body workouts available! combining the muscle building effects of natural rowing movements with various levels of resistance, rowing machines help you build your legs, thighs, buttocks, core, arms, and shoulders all while receiving a cardio workout! there’s no need to switch from machine to machine in one long, time consuming exercise session. rowing machines feature multiple workouts, which saves you time and money. these great cardio machines use the natural sitting movement of rowing to build strength. while they are a great tool for off-season rowers, anybody can benefit from the workout advantages a rowing machine has to offer. there are various types of machines with multiple resistance levels to fit your budget and fitness needs. if you’re wondering how to tell the difference between a magnetic, water, air, or hydraulic machines, check out our blog titled, ”the rowing machine: providing you with a total body workout” for more information. whether you’re looking for the most affordable machine, or a rower that is the best on the market, at dazadi, we want to ensure you purchase with confidence! feel free to browse our current selection with extensive descriptions and product details, or speak to a customer service representative happy to find the answer to all of your questions! below is a review of a few different rowing machines for various budget levels: read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, exercise and fitness, rowing machine posted in buying guides, exercise & fitness | no comments » elliptical buying guide: reviews and recommendations for the ideal workout december 23rd, 2009 elliptical trainers (also known as ellipticals and elliptical crosstrainers) are quickly becoming one of the most popular pieces of home exercise equipment in the country. ellipticals deliver a powerful, low-impact total body workout that is less exhausting than running on the street or even on a treadmill. to reduce impact on knees and joints, the elliptical offers a fluid, natural stride motion that keeps your feet settled on the pedals.  with so many elliptical crosstrainers on the market, how do you sort through the ratings, reviews and recommendations? we at dazadi.com want to deliver the most rewarding online shopping experience possible. that’s why we offer a wide selection of home gym equipment, detailed product profiles, user reviews and outstanding customer service. this buyer’s guide will help you find the elliptical that best suits your budgetary and fitness needs. we’ve got something to satisfy any customer, from the novice to the serious trainer. read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, elliptical, elliptical crosstrainers, elliptical trainers, home gym posted in exercise & fitness | no comments » treadmill buying guide: a review of the best treadmills for every budget and fitness level december 18th, 2009 the home treadmill offers you a private exercise haven. you can tone, train and strengthen your body while avoiding traffic, mean dogs, crowded gyms and uncomfortable onlookers. in fact, a treadmill provides all the health benefits of jogging on the street, running in the park or training on a hill with reduced impact on your knees and joints! this low-impact fitness powerhouse supplies everything you need to challenge your body and keep yourself motivated from the convenience of your own home. but which treadmill best suits your budget and fitness needs? we at dazadi.com offer a wide selection of treadmills to fit every home gym. we know that important features such as programmable workouts, electronic readouts or heart rate training can be the deciding factor in customer satisfaction. our product reviews, customer ratings, detailed product profiles and superior customer service make it easy to shop online. let us guide your search from the most cost-effective to the most sophisticated treadmills for less guess work and a more rewarding shopping experience! read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, exercise equipment, treadmills posted in exercise & fitness | no comments » new years weight loss resolution december 16th, 2009 build a home gym and keep your new year’s exercise resolution! as the holidays wind down, people everywhere are faced with those few extra pounds packed on as a result of all of those extra sweets and massive meals. luckily, the new year offers an excuse to get in shape, and start your year off on the right foot! this common new year’s weight loss resolution can, however, seem like a difficult task. with the convenience of fast food options and the often inconvenience of making the trek to the gym, it’s no wonder why you may feel like you can’t succeed. well, fear not! losing weight on your own is as easy as changing your diet and getting your hands on a few pieces of exercise and fitness equipment. it all begins with your diet. the seemingly odd secret to weight loss is to eat! of course, this is only true in moderation. you want to eat nutrient rich foods that will fuel your body and your workout. they’ll keep you going, and when your workout is over, these nutrients will go to work rebuilding your muscles. starving yourself will only force your body to “steal” nutrients from your muscles and your organs. this can lead to health risks in the future and will actually slow your metabolism causing you to gain weight. read the rest of this entry » tags: buying guide, exercise and fitness, weight loss posted in exercise & fitness | no comments » air hockey buying guide: a review of the best tables for every budget! december 3rd, 2009 let’s face it; there aren’t many activities like the game of air hockey. while the premise seems so simple, getting that small plastic puck into that slim goal can be quite the challenge. with fans both young and old, chances are the air hockey table at your favorite arcade or recreational center is usually occupied and has an ever growing line. you can beat those lines and play air hockey to your heart’s content by adding one to your own home game room. while buying a game table may seem like an expensive task, advancements in technology and materials have been made to make a home air hockey table accessible to just about anyone. at dazadi, we’re proud to offer you a table for every price point and level of expertise. not only can you buy a traditional, recreational sized table, but you’ll also find tables in different sizes as well as tabletop models available for the space conscious customer. thanks to our wide selection of tables coupled with excellent customer service and a resident game table specialist, finding the right game table has never been easier! here is a review of some of the best tables for each budget range: read the rest of this entry » tags: air hockey, buying guide, game tables posted in air hockey, game rooms, game tables | no comments » aiming for success: a pool cue buying guide october 6th, 2009 a classic game of precision and skill, pool is a table game enjoyed by many across the world. put simply, players attempt to roll billiard balls into six pockets across a pool table using a pool cue. the first player or team to get all of their balls into the pockets wins. while the billiard ball is a pretty iconic symbol of the game, there is very little you can change to improve your game. however, the pool cue is fully customizable and available in a variety of lengths, weights, materials, and colors with many different construction styles and accessories. the cue is a pool accessory that has been a part of this great table game from its earliest roots. it evolved from the game of croquet in northern europe and soon become known as ”billiards.” today the term ”billiards” refers to several games played on a table using billiard balls and billiard cues. the term is often synonymous with ”pool” and can be used in its place. read the rest of this entry » tags: billiards, buying guide, pool posted in billiards, buying guides, game rooms, game tables | no comments » volleyball: getting ready for the season with all the right equipment september 25th, 2009 an ultimate test of reaction time, speed, endurance, and accuracy, volleyball has grown from its humble beginnings in a massachusetts ymca to the 2nd most popular sport in the us. named for the back and forth nature of the game, volleyball is a competitive sport in which players attempt to ground a leather ball on the opposite side of a net while the defending team tries to prevent it from touching the ground. competitive high school, college, and professional variations of the game are generally played indoors. beach volleyball is also a popular variation of the game played on sand. luckily, volleyball is a low maintenance sport that doesn’t require too much equipment. you can set up a court in your gym, backyard, or on your favorite beach. while it may be easy to purchase a recreational volleyball set like the champion sports volleyball set or the park and sun spectrum classic volleyball set, serious players and teams may be looking for separate, individual items to benefit their teams or court set-up. read the rest of this entry » tags: beach sports, buying guide, volleyball posted in volleyball | no comments » « older entries latest - award winners! awards basketball fitness game tables volleyball categories air hockey arcade games backgammon badminton baseball basketball billiards buying guides casino games chess darts deals exercise & fitness foosball game rooms game tables games history new products outdoor games outdoor living ping pong soccer toys and games uncategorized volleyball popular categories: basketball hoops multi game tables foosball tables air hockey tables dome hockey table tennis shuffle board game tables arcade games pool tables exercise and fitness darts dazadi.com blog is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss).