来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111219113602/http://www.dazadi.com:80/shipping.html
================================================================================

sporting goods - find air hockey tables, basketball hoops, pool tables, foosball tables, shuffleboards, game room items & more | dazadi.com you are here : home > shipping information faqs shipping information faqs shipping charges what are the shipping charges? what are the shipping charges to alaska or hawaii? do you ship to po boxes? do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? do you ship to us territories? do you ship to canada? mexico? international addresses? can i include a gift message with my order? delivery time when will my order ship? how will my order be shipped? when will my order arrive? how do i track my order? can i change the delivery address for my order? can i pick up my order? expedited shipping can my order be expedited? when will my expedited order ship? freight shipments what do i need to know about freight shipments? what are the delivery options for freight shipments? which delivery option is right for me? can my freight shipment be expedited? white glove delivery what is white glove delivery? delivery acceptance instructions what do i need to do when my order arrives? shipping issues what if there is a problem with my order? what should i do if my shipment is lost? what should i do if my shipment is stolen? how do i return an order? shipping charges what are the shipping charges? every item sold on dazadi.com includes free standard shipping within the contiguous (lower 48) united states. certain restrictions apply. what are the shipping charges to alaska or hawaii? shipping charges to alaska and hawaii are based on product weight, dimensions, shipping origin and destination. at dazadi.com, we work hard to keep any additional charges as reasonable as possible. contact us to place an order that is shipping to alaska or hawaii. please note that orders shipping to alaska and hawaii will take longer to be delivered. do you ship to po boxes? no. most of our orders ship via ups, fedex or by freight carrier which require a street address for delivery. do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? dazadi.com is happy to ship packages to our military personnel serving overseas. however, export and freight restrictions prevent some items from being shipped to military addresses. contact us to place an order that is shipping to a military address. apo/fpo orders can only be shipped using the united states postal service (usps) and may require additional postage. we will contact you for approval on any additional shipping charges. please note that orders shipping to apo/fpo addresses require extra processing time and will take longer to be delivered. please allow 2 to 4 weeks for your order to arrive after shipping. always remember to include full name, grade and psc or unit number when ordering. do you ship to us territories? unfortunately, we currently do not ship to puerto rico, guam or any other us territories, protectorates or possessions. do you ship to canada? mexico? international addresses? unfortunately, we currently do not ship to addresses outside the united states. can i include a gift message with my order? unfortunately, we are currently not able to add personalized messages to orders. top of page delivery time when will my order ship? orders with free standard shipping usually leave the warehouse within 1 to 3 business days (monday through friday, excluding us holidays). please see the product details page for more information about shipping lead times. after your order has shipped, you will receive an email with carrier information and a tracking number. custom orders (including some team logo items and made-to-order game tables) will take longer to ship. we will contact you concerning shipping lead times for orders requiring customized work. to ensure swiftest order processing, please review your shipping address carefully. make sure the street number and zip code are correct. if your order is shipping to a business, include the business name and a contact name. also, make sure to include the apartment number, room number or suite number, if applicable. most importantly, include a phone number, in case we need to verify shipping information. incorrect or incomplete addresses will delay processing and shipping and may be subject to additional charges. during times of heavy volume, especially november and december, orders may take longer to process and ship, therefore shipping dates cannot be guaranteed. please plan accordingly. how will my order be shipped? small packages are generally shipped using ups ground or fedex ground. a few lightweight items are shipped using usps. oversized and heavy items are shipped using a freight carrier. we reserve the right to utilize the shipping method we feel will provide the best service and value. please note that some items ship in retail packaging with product images printed on the box. if the item is a gift and you are worried about ruining the surprise, please consider shipping to work or an alternate address instead. when will my order arrive? orders typically arrive within 4 to 7 business days after leaving the warehouse. keep in mind that delivery dates are estimates based on item availability, shipping location and shipping schedules. these delivery dates are not guaranteed. how do i track my order? after your order has shipped, you will receive an email with carrier information and a tracking number. click on the link directing you to the carrier's website to get the latest tracking information on your order. you may also log into your dazadi.com account to track your order. see track your order for further information. can i change the delivery address for my order? yes, only if the shipment has not left the warehouse. if your order has already been shipped, it is more difficult and costly to change the delivery address. you may be subject to additional charges and these changes are never guaranteed by the shipping companies. contact us as soon as possible if you need to change the delivery address. can i pick up my order? no. orders cannot be picked up. top of page expedited shipping can my order be expedited? dazadi.com has expedited shipping options available for select items, designated by an "expedited shipping" icon on the product details page. expedited shipping options include one-day shipping and two-day shipping. orders to alaska, hawaii and apo/fpo addresses cannot be expedited. other restrictions may apply. when will my expedited order ship? most expedited orders placed before noon eastern time (12 est) will ship the same day. expedited orders placed after noon eastern time (12 est) will ship the next business day. expedited shipments will arrive by the end of the business day on the delivery date. expedited orders will not be delivered on saturday. ups does not count saturday, sunday, holidays or the ship date as business days. for example, a one-day order placed on a friday before noon eastern time (12 est) would be delivered the following monday by the end of the day. all transit times are business days, not calendar days. dazadi.com does not control the weather. sometimes, severe weather conditions will delay delivery of expedited shipments. dazadi.com cannot be held responsible for these delays and cannot credit expedited charges for shipments delayed by weather or conditions beyond our control. top of page freight shipments what do i need to know about freight shipments? oversized and heavy items will be shipped using a freight carrier. these items are designated with a truck icon on the product details page. please see the product details page for more information about shipping lead times for freight items. the freight carrier will contact you by phone to schedule a delivery date and time. be sure to provide a daytime phone number when placing your order. someone must be available to sign for the delivery at the scheduled delivery time. typically, freight deliveries are made between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., monday through friday. freight deliveries are not made on weekends or holidays. additional charges will apply if the carrier must return due to a missed appointment. what are the delivery options for freight shipments? dazadi.com offers two delivery options for freight shipments: standard delivery and in-home delivery. standard delivery is the basic, free delivery service. the item will be unloaded from the truck and carried to the first accessible dry area, like a garage. in-home delivery involves unloading the item from the truck and carrying it into your room of choice. this option is ideal for those who are unable to move large, heavy items without assistance. in-home delivery is the method most preferred by customers who purchase freight items. restrictions apply based on the size and weight of the item and maneuverability within your home. in-home delivery does not include unpacking, debris removal, or assembly. see below for complete white glove delivery description and details. which delivery option is right for me? if you believe that you will require any assistance moving your item within your home, in-home delivery is your best choice. in-home delivery is the method most preferred by customers who purchase freight items. keep in mind that the delivery option cannot be upgraded during delivery, so you should consider the delivery options carefully when ordering. can my freight shipment be expedited? expedited freight shipping is available for an additional charge; however, please keep in mind that expediting freight can often be more expensive than the item itself. contact us for quotes on expedited freight. please note that severe weather conditions can sometimes delay delivery of expedited shipments. dazadi.com cannot be held responsible for these delays and cannot credit expedited charges for shipments delayed by weather or conditions beyond our control. top of page white glove delivery what is white glove delivery? white glove delivery is a premium delivery service available for select freight items. services including in-home delivery, unpacking, placement, debris removal, assembly and installation are available for an additional charge. contact us for details. keep in mind that these services will require extra processing time and standard delivery times do not apply. top of page delivery acceptance instructions what do i need to do when my order arrives? all items are shipped with 100% insurance coverage as long as the delivery acceptance guidelines listed below are followed: when your order is delivered, immediately inspect the outer carton (on every side, including the bottom) and entire contents for any potential damage that may have occurred during shipping. for all freight shipments, it is important to document any damage or shortages on the delivery receipt. be as specific as possible when noting punctures, scratches or shortages. notations such as "hole in box," "packaging torn" and "missing carton" are necessary to establish carrier responsibility. it is normal for the carton to show some wear; however, if it is clear that major damage has occurred, refuse the delivery and contact us immediately for a replacement. if any minor damage has occurred that you believe can be replaced with parts, note the damage on the delivery receipt and accept the item. contact us for replacement parts. small package deliveries, such as those by ups or fedex, should be carefully inspected as well. notify the driver of any potential damage before accepting delivery. if the package was left without collecting a signature, inspect the package and its contents as soon as possible and contact us with any discrepancies. if the driver refuses to allow you to sign the delivery receipt in the manner previously described above, refuse delivery and contact us immediately. damage and shortages must be reported within 10 days of receiving your order. failure to follow these steps absolves dazadi.com and the carrier of shipment responsibility. top of page shipping issues what if there is a problem with my order? in the unlikely event that your order is incorrect, missing parts, damaged or defective, please contact us within 10 days of receiving the item and we will send you the correct product, replacement product, or replacement parts at no cost to you. what should i do if my shipment is lost? hang tight. usually "lost" shipments have just been misrouted. contact us if your shipment is missing cartons or the carrier has alerted you about potential missing freight. dazadi.com will immediately initiate a tracer on the shipment, as required by the shipping companies. if, after 3 business days, the shipment or missing cartons cannot be located, we will ship another to you at no additional charge. what should i do if my shipment is stolen? in order to get your item to you as quickly as possible, we do not require a signature upon delivery, with the exception of freight shipments. you are responsible for providing a secure delivery address. any item that is lost or stolen, but shows confirmed delivery, is not the responsibility of dazadi.com. if you are concerned about the delivery address, please consider shipping to work or an alternate address instead. how do i return an order? returns are easy at dazadi.com. visit our return policy for further information and instructions. top of page can't find your question? please contact us with any further shipping questions or concerns. top of page sign up for special offers your email address will never be sold to a third party. read our privacy policy why shop dazadi.com? exceptional customer service product experts extensive selection 30 day satisfaction guarantee safe and secure shopping dazadi-pedia buying guides blog help quick links shipping information faqs return policy track your order contact customer support security and privacy about dazadi the company the history of dazadi why shop dazadi? contact dazadi, inc. press and news discount bin dazadi.com blog popular categories basketball portable basketball hoops basketball goals backboard & rim combos inground basketball hoops court marking kits mini basketball hoops pool hoops basketball accessories game rooms game tables air hockey tables foosball tables dome hockey tables bumper pool tables multi games tables shuffleboard tables table tennis tables table tennis rackets dart board cabinets pool cues & sticks pool tables arcade machines exercise and fitness treadmills elliptical machines exercise bikes recumbent exercise bikes home gym equipment rowing machines weight training equipment cable crossovers weight benches smith machines inversion tables volleyball volleyball nets & equipment pool volleyball swimming pool swimming pool covers swimming pool liners home| contact us | privacy policy | resources | site map | terms of use copyright © 2011 dazadi, inc. all rights reserved. my account  |  shopping cart (0)  |  track your order  |  contact us 888-382-4537 always open 24/7 free shipping on every item in stock sporting goods archery badminton baseball basketball boxing cycling exercise & fitness fan shop football golf lacrosse p.e. equipment paddleball racquetball soccer softball sports field equipment sports medicine street hockey tennis volleyball game rooms arcade games billiards darts home concessions furniture game tables jukeboxes & nostalgia toys and games arts & crafts bikes, scooters & ride-ons dolls & stuffed animals games & puzzles furniture, storage & decor dramatic play outdoor play play vehicles learning toys baby toys musical instruments hand held video games table top games outdoor living canopies folding tables & chairs hammocks lawn games patio furniture playground equipment saunas storage & maintenance swimming pool trampolines