来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111219113602/http://www.dazadi.com/blog/
================================================================================

| dazadi.com my account  |  shopping cart (0)  |  track your order  |  contact us 888-382-4537 always open 24/7 free shipping on every item in stock sporting goods archery badminton baseball basketball boxing cycling exercise & fitness fan shop football golf lacrosse p.e. equipment paddleball racquetball soccer softball sports field equipment sports medicine street hockey tennis volleyball game rooms arcade games billiards darts home concessions furniture game tables jukeboxes & nostalgia toys and games arts & crafts bikes, scooters & ride-ons dolls & stuffed animals games & puzzles furniture, storage & decor dramatic play outdoor play play vehicles learning toys baby toys musical instruments hand held video games table top games outdoor living canopies folding tables & chairs hammocks lawn games patio furniture playground equipment saunas storage & maintenance swimming pool trampolines dazadi.com blog home how to win by cheating in table tennis, pool, and basketball infographic december 15th, 2011 we at dazadi.com have created a comical infographic that gives you tips on how to cheat effectively while playing table tennis, pool and basketball. when you get pressured into playing a game that you’re not skilled at, here are some ways to beat your peers. win when playing at table tennis tables by using our sleek techniques against your opponent. when competing in bumper pool tables, take advantage of the game and distract the other player. fouling the other opponents to score a basketball hoop is more common than you think. learn more about how to win in these risky games by tweaking some of the rules as shown in our indoor sports infographic below. post this on your site (embed code): posted in air hockey, basketball, billiards, game tables, games, ping pong | no comments » how to win at air hockey fair or foul december 9th, 2011 lets face it, winning always tastes better than losing, even if it is at air hockey! being an entertaining yet competitive game to have a good time with your friends and family, we want to show you a couple of ways to make sure to beat your next unlucky competitor.  while spending time with your family this holiday season, games like air hockey are enjoyable and great ways to have some valuable bonding time. the art of distraction when playing on your air hockey table top there are several ways to distract your opponent and easily shoot the puck into the goal before he or she even notices. become very hyper and full of energy being all over the place with your mallet and puck. once you have your opponent laughing and very confused move the mallet one way without the puck and then quickly move to where the puck is and shoot. here you will have to count on your ability to move fast and be sure not to miss! why not hand them a beer? another way is to hand your opponent a couple of beers before your play. everything counts in this game so don’t feel ashamed. you will have the upper hand while your friend or family member will be feeling dizzy and the harvil tabletop air hockey table will start to look a bit blurry to them. make the puck disappear another way to take an advantage is to grab a mallet that is the same color as the puck. this way you can blend in the colors and put the mallet quickly on top of the puck. when your opponent loses sight of the puck for a half a second you have that time to quickly shoot and again don’t miss! enjoy your air hockey table top with these tips you are sure to beat anyone that challenges you at a game of air hockey. not only will you have the pleasure of winning, but you will definitely have an amazing time laughing with your family this holiday season. you will have everyone laughing to tears with your unique but effective ways of distraction. start a new tradition with your family, playing on your harvil tabletop air hockey table, and enjoy a time of laughs and bonding! tags: air hockey table top, harvil tabletop air hockey posted in air hockey, game tables, games | no comments » dazadi pre-holiday sale & free shipping on table top foosball & more december 2nd, 2011 looking for the perfect sports gifts at an affordable price? look no further than our pre-holiday sale at dazadi now offering free shipping! search our wide variety of sports accessories like any sports balls you need and want, foosball tables, basketball hoops, pool accessories and much more! fun gift ideas check out our table top foosball that is sure to make a great present for any kid to enjoy with family and friends. foosball is a great way to compete and have a fun time getting better at shooting, passing, and defense. learning new tricks and getting better at having your team pass and make plays just makes it that much more enjoyable. our mls soccer tables are other favorites that both kids and adults really enjoy. the harvil mls defender soccer table and the harvil mls striker soccer table both boast the official logo of major league soccer and make the perfect gift for any true soccer fan. with the replicated grass wooden playing field and fans and field boards, players feel like they are in an authentic mls playing field! these tables also come with abacus scoring units to let you know who is ahead! check out all of our entertaining and top quality products to choose the best gift for that sports fan you know and love! with the holidays just around the corner it is a great idea to start buying those presents you know you will have to get soon. take advantage of our free shipping and order online now all of your sports accessories and sports gifts you need and want. we guarantee you will love any product you buy and enjoy every time you use that foosball table, basketball hoop, air hockey table, or any of our other countless items! tags: harvil mls striker soccer table, holiday sales, table top foosball posted in foosball | no comments » the ultimate kid’s christmas wish list: portable basketball hoops november 21st, 2011 the gift of a portable basketball hoop is a favorite for kids because they love basketball and will spend time outside exercising and playing with their new portable basketball hoop! the best part about a kid’s basketball hoop is that it provides kids with a chance to both have fun and get some exercise. dazadi has a wide selection of portable basketball hoops perfect for all ages. take a look at basketball hoops for swimming pools, portable basketball hoops and kids basketball hoops. portable basketball hoops are the perfect gift for the holidays. whether in the front yard or the swimming pool, basketball hoops for kids provide endless hours of fun. basketball hoops attract all the neighborhood kids for organized basketball games, or just for shooting some hoops after their homework is done. your house will be the place to be! dunnrite poolsport swimming pool basketball hoop every kid enjoys the excitement of playing games in the pool. the dunnrite poolsport swimming pool basketball hoop is the perfect portable hoop for your pool. your kids and their friends will enjoy hours of fun having shootouts, relay races and all out basketball games in the pool. portable and lightweight, the dunnrite poolsport hoop is easily stored and maneuvered around the backyard. spark a new hobby in your child this holiday season with a portable basketball hoop that he or she can enjoy with siblings and friends. check out our entire selection of basketball hoops. we guarantee that you will be satisfied with your new hoop! posted in uncategorized | no comments » 5 keys to an air hockey victory november 11th, 2011 winning on a harvil tabletop air hockey table all about form: the trick to winning a harvil tabletop air hockey match is that it is all about form. holding the air hockey mallet by grasping it behind the knob instead of on top is the first thing to do to improve. when you properly hold the mallet, you will not only be able to control your wrist easier but it will allow you to move the mallet around the table more accurately. a smart defense: when your opponent has control of the mallet, it is very important to at least take control of your half of your harvil tabletop air hockey table. by keeping your mallet about a foot from the goal you are making sure to guard your territory and provide a good defense. stay cool and under control: it is understandable that you want to take shots the second you have a chance, but this will prove unsuccessful. rather than feeling rushed take control of the mallet and decide where your highest probability shot is. victorious on a dome hockey table a dome hockey table is a little different because now you are playing with your team against your competitor’s team and you have 5 players and a goalie to control, or 3 players if you’re playing with a partner. the game on a dome hockey table is very intense but also has its tricks to victory! control the puck: even though you can push the puck with your body, learning to use the stick is a lot more effective. learn to work with your stick by scooping the puck from your player’s feet onto your players stick. once it is on your stick, shoot it hard to the goal or gently pass it to another player. keep you eyes on the goalie: always have your goalie anticipate shots and make sure to block each one that comes your way by moving it from side to side and not losing sight of the puck! a dome hockey table will offer the excitement and opportunity to play air hockey with your own mini hockey team. with these tricks you can be sure to beat any of your competitors! most of these tables come with live action sounds and electronic overhead scoring mechanism to records goals, shots, periods, and running rime. check out our entire dazadi air hockey tables today! posted in air hockey | no comments » basketball hoops fall shopping guide november 4th, 2011 basketball is one of the most entertaining and active sports out there. hours and hours can go by shooting hoops or playing a competitive game with your friends or coworkers. it is a great way to enjoy quality time with people you love while getting an intense work out! basketball also gets kids involved in sports and gives them a healthy lifetime hobby or even their new passion! dazadi offers every kind of basketball hoop you can imagine from basketball hoops for kids to pool basketball hoops being our most popular. hoops for kids our basketball hoops for kids are a great way to get your kids involved in such an enjoyable sport. having a hoop at your house will motivate your kids to go outside and become active. they start inviting their friends to shoot hoops and organize co mpetitive games to test their skills. you don’t know if basketball will turn to be their lifetime passion or just a favorite hobby but it is a great way to introduce them into a healthy lifestyle. basketball in the pool pool basketball hoops are also a big basketball fan favorite. enjoying a game while in the pool provides for such a fun time and great way to enjoy a pool party or a day with a couple friends and family. make it a family tradition or a friendly game of one-on-one you won’t want to stop playing in the pool. check out all our other basketball hoops for sale such as our in ground hoops, portable hoops, backboard and rim combos, and wall mounted hoops. we guarantee you will absolutely love your new and high quality basketball products! posted in uncategorized | no comments » game tables that every mancave should have november 1st, 2011 creating the perfect mancave is a dream that all men share. what to have in these man caves though is truly what forms the atmosphere of a relaxing place where guys can hang out with each other without any outside worries. have an awesome “cave” but not a lot of room? with a multi game table you can play a skillful match of pool, an entertaining game of air hockey, or a competitive match of ping-pong all stemming form one table. there are multi game tables that can provide up to 20 classic games whether you want to shoot pool or shoot hoops, sling horseshoes or toss rings, hit a ping pong ball, bowl, or play one of several board games, one table has it all. ping-pong table a mancave without a ping-pong table, or even better a portable ping-pong table (movable any time any where) is not yet complete! not only is the traditional game of ping-pong a classic, playing with 2 players or 4 players, a ping-pong table goes farther than that. one of the most popular games out there is beer pong.  with your portable ping-pong table you will be able to entertain your buddies with your version of it. being around for some time now, beer pong only gets more popular and more entertaining with all the new rules you can add such as implementing only bounces to get it in the cup or wrestling for the ball after missed shots! shuffleboard tables how can you make your mancave even manlier? the shuffleboard table is a definite must for giving it a pub style feel. it is a game in which players push metal-and-plastic weighted pucks down a long and smooth wooden table into a scoring area at the opposite end of the table. shooting is performed with the hand directly and involves a lot of skill, and after playing awhile you won’t want to stop. having these game tables in your mancave will create the perfect atmosphere where your friends will be able to relax and enjoy all the entertainment it offers. with these games and products all of your buddies will be begging to be invited to your now famous mancave and never want to leave! posted in uncategorized | no comments » review of advantage basketball camps august 20th, 2010 advantage basketball offers a series of camps and private instructional sessions for aspiring basketball stars ages 7 all the way up to 18. more than just a babysitting service, the basketball camps provide intensive, hands-on instruction for players who want to work hard and improve. the camps themselves are located all over the country with plans to expand into new states. they include between 1 and 5 days of personalized instruction for players of all skill levels. from those competitive kids who are new to the game to older players aiming for college scholarships. the advantage basketball camp’s are an excellent choice. the advantage youth basketball camp is designed to promote both fun and high-level intensity. kids must come prepared to work hard and the camp promises that they will improve. ball handling is at the center of the camp’s focus, and the coaches arrange a number of one-handed dribbling drills to reinforce proper techniques. not only will campers develop their basic ball handling ability, but they will learn impressive and essential moves to become more effective off of the dribble. success in basketball is largely determined by repetition and muscle memory. for this reason, the camp’s coaches put players through a wide range of different drills. read the rest of this entry » posted in basketball, outdoor games | no comments » designing the ultimate man cave part 1 july 22nd, 2010 creating a man cave is a must for every guy who ever dreamed of having a cool place to hang out with friends. a man cave is a place where men can drain a few beers and watch the game without having the ladies breathing down their necks or making the house a free for all. there are three elements which can make a man cave the ultimate place to spend man time. pool tables solids or stripes? bringing a pool table into a man cave is one of the best ways to draw the bros in. billiards is a classic party game, but it continues to endure because it requires a combination of skill and strategy. amp it up: if you are having a night where you are not feeling classy enough to play pool, bring out your inner barbarian to play a game of full contact crud. two teams play with a pool ball apiece. the game is played when one player tries to knock in the other player’s balls into a pocket with their ball. the team that is scored on then has to take a drink. the full contact part comes in because body blocks are fully permissible to save your ball from your opponents. read the rest of this entry » posted in billiards, foosball, game rooms, game tables, games, ping pong | no comments » basketball training videos july 13th, 2010 the game of basketball is demanding, and the competition for playing time is always fierce. basketball videos and dvds can be a vital component in every player’s development. the visual illustration of critical techniques and tactics will help both beginning and advanced players to identify the weaknesses in their game and offer detailed methods that will result in rapid improvement. in examining the multitude of basketball dvds that are available, it is important to select a series that provides a comprehensive instructional program based on proven methods. basketball training videos should be easy to understand and have an established track record in developing accomplished players. read the rest of this entry » posted in basketball | no comments » « older entries latest - award winners! awards basketball fitness game tables volleyball categories air hockey arcade games backgammon badminton baseball basketball billiards buying guides casino games chess darts deals exercise & fitness foosball game rooms game tables games history new products outdoor games outdoor living ping pong soccer toys and games uncategorized volleyball popular categories: basketball hoops multi game tables foosball tables air hockey tables dome hockey table tennis shuffle board game tables arcade games pool tables exercise and fitness darts dazadi.com blog is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss).