来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111219113602/http://www.dazadi.com:80/conditions.html
================================================================================

online sporting goods | basketball hoops, air hockey & foosball tables for sale you are here : home > terms of use terms of use the following is a legal agreement between dazadi.com, a california corporation ("dazadi.com," "superdupersports.com," "superduperbaseball.com," "superduperhoops.com," "superduperscooters.com," "superdupergames.com," "we," "us," or "our") and the user of this site ("you," "customer," or "licensee"). by accessing, browsing and/or using this web site ("site"), you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound to these terms of use ("terms") and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. this agreement contains warranty disclaimers and other provisions that limit our liability to you. please read this agreement in its entirety. if you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. your use of the site and service copyright information trademarks privacy right of loss warranty restriction and limitation of liability product information disclaimer links and advertisements unsolicited submissions international use indemnification governing law updates to terms copyright agent questions about our terms of use your use of the site and service dazadi hereby grants you a limited license to access and use this site, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with our express written consent. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; or any derivative use of this site or its contents. you may not frame the site or post materials from the site on other web sites without our express written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" using our name or trademarks without our express written consent. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by to you by this agreement. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to our home page so long as the link does not portray dazadi, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. the products, technology, and/or processes described and/or used on this site may be the subject of intellectual property rights reserved by dazadi or other third parties. except for the limited license granted above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring to you in any manner, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license, title, or ownership of or to any intellectual property right of dazadi or any third party. [top of page] copyright information all content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of dazadi and/or its third party suppliers and is protected by united states and international copyright laws. the compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of dazadi and is protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. all software used on this site is the property of dazadi or its software suppliers and is protected by united states and international copyright laws. you may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works from, perform, display, incorporate into another web site, or in any other way exploit any of the content of this site, in whole or in part, without our specific permission. [top of page] trademarks dazadi, the super duper logo, the super duper site layout and other marks or dress indicated on our site are trademarks or trade dress of dazadi. dazadi' trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not from super duper sports, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits super duper sports. all other trademarks not owned by dazadi that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners. use of the dazadi trademarks as a meta-tag for search engines is strictly prohibited. [top of page] privacy any information you provide to us is subject to our privacy policy. for more information, please review our full privacy policy. [top of page] right of loss all items purchased from dazadi are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon delivery by us or our suppliers to the carrier. [top of page] warranty restriction and limitation of liability the materials, information, and services provided on this site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. there is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of any materials, information, or services including, but not limited to, any data, text, images, or against infringement. dazadi does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from amazon.com are free of viruses or other harmful components. the designs available on the site are subject to change without notice. they may be delisted at our sole discretion. neither super duper sports nor any of its officers, directors, employees or affiliates shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive, exemplary and/or incidental damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits or attorneys' fees) in any way due to, resulting from or arising in connection with your access to, inability to access, or use of the site, or from your reliance on any information provided at the site, even if dazadi has been advised of the possibility of such damages. this limitation applies to all causes of action in the aggregate including, but not limited to, breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, strict liability, misrepresentation, infringement, nuisance and any other tort. in the event the foregoing limitation of liability set forth herein shall be for any reason held unenforceable or inapplicable, you agree that super duper sports and its affiliates' aggregate liability shall not exceed any sums paid pursuant this agreement or for any products you purchased from dazadi. [top of page] product information disclaimer it is our intent to provide the most accurate and up-to-date information available throughout the site. occasionally, information on this site may contain typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and/or availability. dazadi does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. dazadi reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. if a product offered by dazadi itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. [top of page] links and advertisements dazadi may, at times, feature on its site links to third-party web sites. these may appear in the form of text links, advertisements, banners, buttons, integrated gift services, digital cash, digital gift certificates, or otherwise.the goods and services available through these links are offered by independent companies, which are not affiliated in any way with dazadi. we make no representations as to the quality, fitness, workmanship, value, appropriateness, or reliability of the merchandise available or the solvency or financial viability of any advertiser. we will not reimburse or indemnify you for any losses you may incur as a result of transactions with any advertiser. you are advised to use discretion in selecting companies to do business with online. [top of page] unsolicited submissions dazadi welcomes comments regarding its products and services. however, our policy is not to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions or materials other than those we have specifically requested. we hope you will understand that the intent of this policy is to avoid misunderstandings when projects developed by our staff are similar to someone else's creative work. accordingly, we must ask that you not send us any such ideas. if, despite our request that you not do so, you send us creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information (collectively, the "information"), the information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of dazadi, including any intellectual property rights existing in the information. none of the information shall be subject to any obligation of confidentiality on the part of dazadi and we shall not be liable or owe any compensation for any use or disclosure of the information. [top of page] international use dazadi makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the united states. those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. [top of page] indemnification you hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless dazadi and its affiliates, and all officers, directors, owners, agents, content providers, licensors and licensees (collectively, the "indemnified parties") from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs, incurred by the indemnified parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of this agreement. you shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in defense of any such claim. dazadi reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. [top of page] governing law this agreement, and the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. any dispute arising between you and dazadi, including those related to your use of this site or any products you purchase from this site, will be submitted to binding arbitration in los angeles, california, in accordance with the american arbitration association's standard rules then in effect for arbitration of commercial disputes. [top of page] updates to terms dazadi shall have the right to revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. by using this site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this site to determine the then-current terms to which you are bound. [top of page] copyright agent dazadi respects the intellectual property of others. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, that your trademarks or trade dress have been used without authorization, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please contact dazadi' copyright and trademark agent and provide the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the copyrighted work, trademark, trade dress, or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed, including copies of any registrations; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf. please send the foregoing information to: copyright and trademark agent for dazadi mcdermott, will & emery llp 2049 century park east, 38th floor los angeles, ca 90064 attn: jorge arciniega [top of page] questions about our terms of use please contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding our terms of use. [top of page] sign up for special offers your email address will never be sold to a third party. read our privacy policy the dazadi difference awesome hand-picked products easy 365 day returns free shipping on every item in-home delivery 24/7 customer service safe & secure shopping dazadi-pedia buying guides blog help quick links shipping information faqs return policy track your order contact customer support security and privacy about dazadi the company the history of dazadi what is the dazadi difference? contact dazadi, inc. press and news discount bin dazadi.com blog popular categories basketball portable basketball hoops basketball goals backboard & rim combos inground basketball hoops court marking kits mini basketball hoops pool hoops basketball accessories game rooms game tables air hockey tables foosball tables dome hockey tables bumper pool tables multi games tables shuffleboard tables table tennis tables table tennis rackets dart board cabinets pool cues & sticks pool tables arcade machines exercise and fitness treadmills elliptical machines exercise bikes recumbent exercise bikes home gym equipment rowing machines weight training equipment cable crossovers weight benches smith machines inversion tables volleyball volleyball nets & equipment pool volleyball swimming pool swimming pool covers swimming pool liners home| contact us | privacy policy | resources | site map | terms of use | become an affiliate copyright © 2012 dazadi, inc. all rights reserved. my account  | shopping cart (0)  | track your order  | contact us 866-879-0870 always open 24/7 free shipping on every item in stock sports & fitness sports archery badminton baseball basketball boxing cycling football golf lacrosse fan shop paddleball p.e. equipment racquetball soccer softball sports field equipment sports medicine street hockey tennis volleyball fitness treadmills elliptical trainers exercise bikes rowing machines aerobic step equipment stair climbers & steppers fitness monitors home gyms & multi-gyms cable crossovers smith machines abdominal equipment upper body equipment lower body equipment weight benches ankle, hand, wrist, and body weights medicine balls resistance training barbells dumbbells kettlebells weight bars weight sets & plates weight racks and plate trees cable attachments weight accessories weight training accessories stretching & core yoga pilates inversion tables balance & agility plyometrics exercise balls flooring & mats exercise on the go exercise books and dvds exercise gear massage therapy water fitness game rooms arcade games photo booths video arcade games pinball basketball arcade games amusement games gaming chairs darts darts bristle dartboards electronic dartboards dartboard cabinets and sets dart accessories billiards pool tables pool cues billiard balls cue cases billiard lights billiard accessories cue racks bars and stools pub tables and chairs training books & dvd's game tables air hockey tables bumper pool tables casino games dome hockey foosball and soccer tables table tennis multi game tables other table games shuffleboard tables jukeboxes and nostalgia jukeboxes classic turntables classic radios classic phones home concessions home concession machines home concession accessories furniture folding tables and chairs pub tables and chairs bars and stools spectator chairs cue racks toys and games toys table top games dolls & stuffed animals games & puzzles dramatic play hand held video games developmental and music learning toys arts & crafts outdoor games and play bikes, scooters & ride-ons outdoor play play vehicles backyard & patio backyard canopies hammocks and air mattresses saunas storage & maintenance trampolines patio furniture tables & seating storage outdoor rugs lawn games badminton sets bean bag toss bocce croquet horseshoes ladder ball ring toss tetherball volleyball sets washer toss other outdoor games playground equipment playground accessories sandboxes commercial playground equipment swimming pool above ground swimming pools pool equipment pool liners and accessories pool floats & toys swimming pool chemicals patio & poolside