来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20120919091516/http://www.dazadi.com/blog/
================================================================================

| dazadi.com my account  |  shopping cart (0)  |  track your order  |  contact us 888-382-4537 always open 24/7 free shipping on every item in stock sports & fitness sports archery badminton baseball basketball boxing cycling football golf lacrosse fan shop paddleball p.e. equipment racquetball soccer softball sports field equipment sports medicine street hockey tennis volleyball fitness treadmills elliptical trainers exercise bikes rowing machines aerobic step equipment stair climbers & steppers fitness monitors home gyms & multi-gyms cable crossovers smith machines abdominal equipment upper body equipment lower body equipment weight benches ankle, hand, wrist, and body weights medicine balls resistance training barbells dumbbells kettlebells weight bars weight sets & plates weight racks and plate trees cable attachments weight accessories weight training accessories stretching & core yoga pilates inversion tables balance & agility plyometrics exercise balls flooring & mats exercise on the go exercise books and dvds exercise gear massage therapy water fitness game rooms arcade games photo booths video arcade games pinball basketball arcade games amusement games gaming chairs darts darts bristle dartboards electronic dartboards dartboard cabinets and sets dart accessories billiards pool tables pool cues billiard balls cue cases billiard lights billiard accessories cue racks bars and stools pub tables and chairs training books & dvd's billiard clocks and signs game tables air hockey tables bumper pool tables casino games dome hockey foosball and soccer tables table tennis multi game tables beer pong tables other table games shuffleboard tables jukeboxes and nostalgia jukeboxes classic turntables classic radios classic phones music boxes arcade games billiards darts home concessions furniture game tables jukeboxes & nostalgia furniture folding tables and chairs pub tables and chairs bars and stools spectator chairs cue racks home concessions home concession machines home concession accessories toys and games toys table top games dolls & stuffed animals games & puzzles dramatic play hand held video games developmental and music learning toys arts & crafts baby toys musical instruments outdoor games and play bikes, scooters & ride-ons outdoor play play vehicles backyard & patio backyard canopies hammocks saunas storage & maintenance trampolines patio furniture tables & seating storage outdoor rugs lawn games badminton sets bean bag toss bocce croquet horseshoes ladder ball ring toss tetherball volleyball sets washer toss other outdoor games playground equipment playground accessories sandboxes commercial playground equipment swimming pool above ground swimming pools pool equipment pool liners and accessories pool floats & toys swimming pool chemicals patio & poolside dazadi.com blog home meet the cowboys’ defensive line september 22nd, 2012 without an outstanding defensive line, no team can hope for even a mediocre season. in 2012, the dallas cowboys have accrued and trained one of the best lines in the nfl. here at dazadi, we’d like to take a moment to examine this formidable row of athletes. let’s start with jay ratliff. this nose tackle is setting the bar with the pass rush. it will remain vital that ratliff not get worn down over the course of the season.  next is josh brent. this 6’2’’ 320 pound terror is ratliff’s back-up and he should be feared. last but not least is linebacker demarcus ware who is regularly listed as one of the best defensive players of 2012. these players will be dallas’ chosen few to stop an advance as fast as possible. ware among others has suffered injuries and missteps due to regular double-teaming. this means this means that cowboys had better hope to thicken their defensive line and know when to play the likes of ratliff and brent in order to hold the line. for all your dallas cowboys décor check out the dazadi fan shop! tags: cowboys, dazadi.com, football, nfl, steelers posted in football, uncategorized | no comments » dallas cowboys – new york and beyond september 21st, 2012 tonight the dallas cowboys face off against the new york giants. last time these two teams played, the giants not only defeated dallas, they went on to win it all. will new york do it again or are these franchises equally stacked with potential and ambition? here at the home of awesome we have decided to offer a small preview of what to expect tonight. it is no small achievement to take down the reigning super bowl champions on your first outing but this is the dallas cowboys’ challenge. tonight two great teams face off, but let’s not forget a much more interesting pairing: eli manning and tony romo. although manning’s legacy is incontrovertible, romo is no slouch. among active quarterbacks, romo is the highest fourth-quarter passer playing today. that type of longevity on the field is going to be a real asset for dallas as they sprint into the fall. tonight keep an eye out for giants wide-receivers hakeem nicks and victor cruz. the two are going to be integral parts of new york’s passing game.  also look for doug free and tyron smith. these two will be key components for dallas when protecting romo and getting the ball down the field. tags: dazadi, football, steelers posted in football | no comments » green bay packers: rookie year september 20th, 2012 every year the rookies of the team are ridden pretty hard at training camp and considered seriously lucky to play in the fall. coming off of scrimmages, it’s extremely hard for the fans and coaching staff to gage the potential of their fresh faces. this year a lot of buzz has started surrounded the new talent in green bay and we at dazadi would like to take a closer look! first and foremost is nick perry. this outside linebacker from usc was a first-round pick at green bay. as a rookie, he has truly shined at training camp. he has shown the ability to get to the quarterback with breakaway speed, relieving clay matthews in the pre-season. next is jerel worthy. this new player might be the savior green bay needs to dominate in the 3-4 defense. he has showed immense promise at scrimmages and family night, despite frustrating moments. let’s not forget casey hayward. could hayward be green bay’s newest starting cornerback? it’s certainly is looking like it judging from training camp.  he is responding well to criticism and taking direction surprisingly well.  time will tell whether hayward has the determination to go the distance. get all your nfl gear at dazadi! tags: dazadi, football, greenbay, nfl, packers posted in football | no comments » profile: robert griffin iii september 19th, 2012 the washington redskins have a secret weapon. his name is robert griffin iii. this week griffin will be making his regular-season nfl debut in new orleans and here at dazadi we have chosen to take a closer look at the redskins new quarterback. griffin played football at baylor where he became the first player to win the heisman trophy in 2011. going into the fall griffin will be thrown into the deep in of the pool. griffin and the redskins will be playing the saints at the mercedes-benz superdome this sunday.  there the sounds of the crowd are legendary. is robert griffin iii worth all the hype and endorsements? can this rookie be the golden boy washington has been looking for? only time will tell what this newcomer has to offer. check out the nfl fan shop at dazadi! tags: cowboys, dazadi.com, nfl, redskins, steelers posted in football | no comments » man caves: top ten must haves: september 19th, 2012 the fall football season is underway and you have carefully gathered every excuse in existence to escape every baby shower, house-warming party and bat mitzvah to guarantee you don’t miss the game. well, we at dazadi have compiled another list so that when you bid farewell to your spouse, turn off your phone, and lock yourself in your man cave you have everything you need to brave the anguish of defeat and glory of victory in the gridiron. 1)      first and foremost is a great television or digital projector. this is the centerpiece of your shrine, the apple of your eye, the sun in your solar system and your space had better do it justice.  i mean c’mon, how can you watch the games without it? 2)      a sturdy pool table. this a great item to gather the friends around during half-time. it should be level, made of quality woods and well-lit. we recommend harvil pool tables. they offer superb tables at a wide range of prices that last for years. 3)      the next item is a truly excellent bar. you need a well-stocked shelf and plenty of seating for the game-time guests. we carry bar tables and stools as well as back bars and portable patio bars. you’re not in college anymore and a styrofoam cooler isn’t going to cut it. 4)      a break-taking sound system. you want to hear every call, every whistle and every bit of commentary and your speaker system is important. and if you’re a music lover, we carry some classic jukeboxes so you can blast the tunes after the clock has run out. 5)      those mighty trophies! whether it’s a signed joe montana 49ers jersey, the rainbow trout you had mounted or your favorite neon beer sign– you need to add your own touches to make it the man cave you always wanted it to be. check out our nfl fan shop for loads of ideas! 6)      a table tennis table is a must for any serious man cave. they are great for commercial breaks and help get the blood flowing after hours of captive viewing. so when the competition on the field ends, the competition at the table begins. 7)      you need the food!! whether is it’s a mountain of nacho cheese, a load of hot dogs or hug bowl of buttery popcorn, the food is necessary to keep up your strength when the game goes into overtime. at our home concessions section we have just the right tools to keep the flavor coming! 8)      no game room is complete without a top-of-the-line dart board. your guests just expect it! they are way helpful when referees have to confer over a play. 9)      long after the game is over; the party will still be alive and well at the big poker table. most come with cup-holders and ledges to rest your arms ensuring loads of comfort. even if the games end, it’s the perfect place to corral your friends. 10)   last but not least, you need the most comfortable easy-chair in existence; i mean a work-horse. you need a chair that can take the long hours of gaming and not hurt your back and joints, but not be so flimsy and cushy you simply fall asleep every time you sit down. when a man finds his game day chair, it’s a very special moment. we highly recommend a traditional rocking chair. this class item allows you to get comfortable without passing out. as an added bonus, a rocking chair gives you something to do during those pain-staking moments on the field. so there you have it, everything a true fan needs to have an exceptional game day. and when considering snacks for your guests, here’s a word of advice that will surely guide you well: if it’s green, it’s trouble. if it’s fried, get double. tags: dazadi, game room ideas, man cave posted in game rooms | no comments » green bay: week 1 in san francisco september 17th, 2012 kicking off the packers’ season at lambeau field, the green and gold will be playing san francisco. this could very well be the best week one game. here at dazadi, we have decided to take a minute to consider these two exceptional teams and their prospects for sunday’s game. green bay has more on their side than a sunny disposition. led by nfl mvp aaron rodgers and his starters are more than prepared for what fall will bring with an offensive mastermind behind them:  mike mccarthy. by adding new comers jeff saturday and cedric benson green bay is fine tuning their machine to pulverize the 49ers. but this game is not a foregone conclusion. san francisco has added something very special to their passing game, none other than randy moss. moss and michael crabtree are a dynamic duo of wide receivers and green bay had better pay attention.  can green bay win on at home or is san francisco about to start the season off with a bang? for all your nfl gear, check out dazad’s fan shop! tags: dazadi, football, nfl, steelers posted in football | no comments » nfl redskins: preparing for the season september 15th, 2012 coming off of a difficult couple of seasons, the pressure is on to turn over a new leaf in the district of columbia. here at dazadi with nfl football on the way, we have chosen to highlight the washington redskins and what they have in store for fall 2012. coach mike shanahan has a roster full of potential, but since arriving in 2010 he has yet to see his hard work pay off. with the combined rushing ability of brian orakpo and ryan kerrigan, the redskins have no shortage of talent on the field. orakpo has a consistent track record of improving his pass-rushing on the field since being drafted in 2009. with linebackers london fletcher and perry riley on the line hitting harder and more consistently every year, qb robert griffin iii should have plenty to smile about. if washington hopes to take nfc east and progress, this young team is going to have to push through the rookie mistakes that cost yards. the key for the redskins will be protecting their assets on the field and knowing when to apply pressure. visit dazadi’s nfl fan shop for all the washington redskins decorations and game room accessories for your home! tags: dazadi, football, nfl posted in football | no comments » profile: mike mccarthy september 12th, 2012 many teams in the nfl have running talent to showcase. several franchises have incredible arms and gifted wide receivers. but no one but green bay has mike mccarthy. mccarthy is renowned for his ability to develop quarterbacks, methodically time his offensive drives and cultivate a defensive line of steel. here at dazadi, we have decided to take the opportunity to showcase a seminal talent in the green bay freight train that will be departing this fall season: head coach mike mccarthy. hailing from pittsburgh, pennsylvania mccarthy worked in various roles with the kansas city chiefs, green bay packers, new orleans saints and the san francisco 49ers before returning to green bay as head coach in 2006. in 2010, he took the packers to the super bowl where they defeated the pittsburgh steelers. a natural leader, mccarthy guided the packers to a 15-1 finish last year. his quarterback aaron rodgers was voted nfl mvp, having thrown for 4,653 yards. mccarthy has a reputation for knowing when to apply pressure and coax the most exceptional game out of his athletes. going into the fall 2012 season, mccarthy will be the guiding light for green bay. expectations are high and the pressure is certainly on. mccarthy has spent years perfecting his defensive line and improving overall tackling while advocating the fundamentals in pre-season training. any successful athlete will tell you: you train how you perform. and coach mccarthy trains hard. for all your packers decorations, check out our nfl fan shop at dazadi! tags: football, nfl, steelers posted in football | no comments » steelers’ path of glory september 10th, 2012 since the 70s, the pittsburgh steelers have brought immense passion and determination to the football field. with the fourth most championships in the nfl under their belt, this black and gold cadre will be running, not walking into the fall 2012 season. pittsburgh has their share of injuries to attend to, but that doesn’t mean anyone should count them out. new blood mike adams has been tapped to start the offensive line in place of david decastro because of his knee injury. offensive confidence remains strong despite isaac redman replacing rashard mendenhall due to his torn acl. redman is a fan favorite and a superb ball-carrier with 162 careers carries under his belt. going into their first bout with denver on sept. 9, the steelers will need to manage their offensive line very carefully, keeping energy high and moving the ball consistently. with ben roethlisberger heading up the offense, the roster is full of young hungry talent. will pittsburgh dominate the afc north? will mendenhall be back on the field? only time will tell what this ambitious team is capable of. if you’re looking for steelers accessories, check out the nfl fan shop at dazadi.com! tags: football, nfl, steelers posted in football | no comments » oakland nfl predictions for 2012 september 7th, 2012 after a tumultuous pre-season the raiders will be heading into the 2012 season with more than a few obstacles to overcome, but plenty to smile about.  here at dazadi we have decided to highlight the men in black and what’s in store for the fall. oakland has tremendous talent, a new head coach dennis allen and a new defensive coordinator jason tarver, giving the team a very real edge on the line. running back darren mcfadden is oakland’s not-so-secret weapon. he is a key element in the team’s potency and sheer ability to get down the field. amidst all the lineup changes in the coach staff and leadership, mcfadden must be the rock that weathers the storm this fall. the oakland also has a vibrant talent in their new quarterback carson russell. he has a tremendous arm, but his accuracy has slipped from time to time. the powers that be will be keeping a watchful eye on russell as the season gets underway. the raiders have an uphill climb ahead of them coming off of the pre-season, but it’s not a task they incapable of. for all your raiders décor and accessories check out dazadi’s nfl fan shop! tags: dazadi, football, nfl, raiders posted in football | no comments » « older entries latest - award winners! awards basketball fitness game tables volleyball categories air hockey arcade games backgammon badminton baseball basketball billiards buying guides casino games chess cycling darts deals exercise & fitness foosball football game rooms game tables games history new products news room outdoor games outdoor living ping pong shuffleboard tables soccer toys and games uncategorized volleyball popular categories: basketball hoops multi game tables foosball tables air hockey tables dome hockey table tennis shuffle board game tables arcade games pool tables exercise and fitness darts dazadi.com blog is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss).