来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231220731/http://www.dazadi.com/shipping.html
================================================================================

recreation room, game room deals, buy home arcade games, foosball tables, best air hockey tables for sale, basketball hoops you are here : home > shipping information faqs shipping information faqs shipping charges what are the shipping charges? why do some products include free shipping and others do not? are there additional charges shipping to alaska, hawaii or other remote areas within the united states? do you ship to po boxes? do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? why do some products include free shipping and others do not? do you ship to us territories? do you ship to canada? mexico? international addresses? can i use a package forwarding service? when can i be charged extra fees for my oversized and heavy items? can i include a gift message with my order? delivery time when will my order ship? how will my order be shipped? when will my order arrive? i ordered several items. will they ship together? how do i track my order? can i change the delivery address for my order? can i pick up my order? expedited shipping can my order be expedited? when will my expedited order ship? oversized and heavy item shipments what do i need to know when i order an oversized or heavy item? how will my oversized or heavy item be delivered? can these oversized and heavy items be expedited? assembly services how do i get my item assembled? delivery acceptance instructions what do i need to do when my order arrives? order issues what if there is a problem with my order? what should i do if my shipment is lost? what should i do if my shipment is stolen? how do i cancel an order? how do i return an order? shipping charges what are the shipping charges? shipping charges are based on the product weight, dimensions, origin, destination and the desired shipping and delivery services. we do not mark up our shipping costs; we simply charge you the exact price that our shipping companies charge us. this means that you benefit from the same shipping discounts we do! once an item is in your shopping cart, you will be able to select your shipping and delivery options. why do some products include free shipping and others do not? throughout the year, we have sales and seasonal specials that include free shipping on select products. please check the product details to see if it is eligible for free shipping. are there additional charges shipping to alaska, hawaii, or other remote areas within the united states? yes, in most cases there will be an additional fee for shipments to alaska, hawaii, and remote areas like islands or other locales where there is limited shipping company coverage. if your order is in one of these areas, you will receive a call from a dazadi representative with an extra fee, if applicable. feel free to contact us for help placing an order shipping to alaska, hawaii, or remote areas. please note that orders shipping to these remote locations will also take longer to be delivered than the estimated ship dates shown in the shopping cart. do you ship to po boxes? sorry, we do not. most orders are shipped by fedex or ups. these companies require a street address for delivery. do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? dazadi.com is happy to ship packages to our military personnel serving overseas; however, export and freight restrictions prevent some items from being shipped to military addresses. contact us to place an order shipping to a military address. please note that orders shipping to apo/fpo addresses can only be shipped using the united states postal service (usps) and will require extra processing and delivery time. please allow 2 to 4 weeks for your order to arrive after shipping. always remember to include full name, grade and psc or unit number when ordering. do you ship to us territories? unfortunately, we currently do not ship to puerto rico, guam or any other us territories, protectorates or possessions. do you ship to canada? mexico? international addresses? unfortunately, we currently do not ship to addresses outside the united states; however, we are working diligently to offer our awesome selection of products to international customers. can i use a package forwarding service? a package forwarding service allows you to shop online in the us and easily send orders to alaska, hawaii, military or international addresses. these companies provide you with a secure domestic shipping address and offer low shipping rates. dazadi.com makes no guarantees of service or pricing of these package-forwarding companies, but we can help with product information if you want to use their services. when can i be charged extra fees for my oversized and heavy items? oversized and heavy items are shipped on a truck rather than a regular delivery van. the delivery company will contact you by phone to schedule a delivery date and time. you are required to set up a delivery time, and someone must be available to sign for the delivery and inspect it at that scheduled delivery time. additional charges will apply if the carrier must store the item and/or return your item due to a missed appointment or an inability to set up an appointment. can i include a gift message with my order? unfortunately, we are currently not able to add personalized messages to orders. top of page delivery time when will my order ship? most orders leave the warehouse within 1 to 3 business days (monday through friday, excluding us holidays). please see the product details page for more information about shipping lead times. after an item has shipped, you will receive an email with the shipping company information and a tracking number so you can follow the progress of your delivery. custom orders (including some team logo items and made-to-order game tables) will take longer to ship. we will contact you concerning shipping lead times for orders requiring customized work. to ensure swiftest order processing, please review your shipping address carefully. make sure the street number and zip code are correct. if your order is shipping to a business, include the business name and a contact name. also, make sure to include the apartment number, room number or suite number, if applicable. most importantly, include a phone number, in case we need to verify shipping information. incorrect or incomplete addresses will delay processing and shipping and may be subject to additional charges. during times of heavy volume, especially november and december, orders may take longer to process and ship, therefore shipping dates cannot be guaranteed. please plan accordingly. how will my order be shipped? small packages are shipped by fedex or ups. however, when it is best for you, we may ship using usps. some products are too big or too heavy for a regular delivery van. these oversized and heavy items - sometimes referred to as freight - will be delivered to you on a truck. the delivery company will contact you by phone to schedule a delivery date and time. for your convenience, we offer three delivery options for these large items: self-service, to-your-door and room-of-choice. please note that some items ship in retail packaging with product images printed on the box. if the item is a gift and you are worried about ruining the surprise, please consider shipping to work or an alternate address instead. when will my order arrive? orders typically arrive within 3 to 7 business days after leaving the warehouse. keep in mind that delivery dates are estimates based on item availability, shipping location and shipping schedules. these delivery dates are not guaranteed. i ordered several items. will they ship together? in an effort to get your items to you as quickly as possible, we sometimes split your order into multiple shipments; however, when it is cost and time efficient, we may combine all of your items into one shipment. how do i track my order? after your order has shipped, you will receive an email with the shipping company information and a tracking number. click on the link directing you to the shipping company's website to get the latest tracking information on your order. you may also log into your dazadi.com account to track your order. see track your order for further information. can i change the delivery address for my order? yes, but only if the shipment has not left the warehouse. if your order has already been shipped, it is more difficult and costly to change the delivery address. you may be subject to additional charges and the shipping companies never guarantee these changes. to avoid these charges and inconvenience, check the delivery address carefully when placing your order. contact us as soon as possible if you need to change the delivery address. can i pick up my order? we are sorry, but orders may not be picked up from our warehouses at this time. top of page expedited shipping can my order be expedited? dazadi.com has 1, 2, and 3 day shipping options available for select items. restrictions may apply. these expedited options may not be available for all items sold on dazadi.com. when will my expedited order ship? most expedited orders will ship the next business day. business days are defined as monday through friday and exclude saturday, sunday and u.s. holidays. expedited shipments will arrive by the end of the day on the delivery date. for example, a 1 day order placed on a friday would ship the following monday and arrive by the end of the day on tuesday. please note that expedited shipments will not be delivered on saturday, sunday or u.s. holidays. all transit times are business days, not calendar days. sadly, dazadi.com does not control the weather. sometimes, severe weather conditions will delay delivery of expedited shipments. dazadi.com cannot be held responsible for these delays and cannot credit expedited charges for shipments delayed by weather or conditions beyond our control. top of page oversized and heavy item shipments what do i need to know when i order an oversized or heavy item? oversized and heavy items -- sometimes referred to as freight -- are typically 150 pounds or more. these items will be shipped on a truck rather than a regular delivery van. the delivery company will contact you by phone to schedule a delivery date and time; please advise them of any details that will ensure a smooth, effortless delivery. be sure to provide a daytime phone number when placing your order. someone must be available to sign for the delivery and inspect it at the scheduled delivery time. typically, deliveries are made between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., monday through friday; deliveries are not available on weekends or holidays. additional charges will apply if the carrier must return due to a missed appointment. how will my oversized or heavy item be delivered? dazadi.com currently offers three delivery options: self-service delivery - this is our most economical option. it requires that you remove the item from the truck and move it into your home yourself. keep in mind that these items are large and very heavy. we recommend that you have help from family or friends at the time of delivery. to-your-door delivery - we unload the item from the truck and place it in the first dry area nearest your home, but not into your home. room-of-choice delivery - we will unload the item from the truck and place it anywhere in your home. upon your request, we will also remove the item from its packaging and dispose of any unwanted packing materials. we use only the most reputable and professional delivery teams. restrictions may apply based on the size and weight of the item and maneuverability within your home. these delivery options may not be available for all items sold on dazadi.com. please refer to assembly services below for further details about product assembly. the delivery company should never ask you to pay them directly for any delivery services. if a driver asks for money to make a delivery, contact us immediately. can these oversized and heavy items be expedited? expedited freight shipping is available for an additional charge; however, please keep in mind that expediting freight can be prohibitively expensive and the freight carriers do not guarantee the delivery time. contact us for quotes on expedited freight. top of page assembly services how do i get my item assembled? assembly is a premium service available for items sold at dazadi.com. we utilize a nationwide team of assembly professionals to ensure your item is assembled or installed correctly. please contact us for further details about assembly. please note that delivery and assembly often occur separately. top of page delivery acceptance instructions what do i need to do when my order arrives? always inspect the shipment, count the cartons and document any problems on the delivery receipt. all items are shipped with 100% insurance coverage as long as the delivery acceptance guidelines listed below are followed: when your order is delivered, immediately inspect the outer carton (on every side, including the bottom) and entire contents for any potential damage that may have occurred during shipping. never waive your right to inspect a shipment upon delivery. it is important to document any damage or shortages on the delivery receipt. be as specific as possible when noting punctures, scratches or shortages. notations such as “hole in box,” “packaging torn” and “missing carton” are necessary to establish carrier responsibility. it is normal for the carton to show some wear; however, if it is clear that major damage has occurred, refuse the delivery and contact us immediately for a replacement. small package deliveries, such as those by fedex or ups, should be carefully inspected as well. notify the driver of any potential damage before accepting delivery. if the package was left without collecting a signature, inspect the package and its contents as soon as possible and contact us with any discrepancies. if the driver refuses to allow you to sign the delivery receipt in the manner previously described above, refuse delivery and contact us immediately. damage and shortages must be reported within 10 days of receiving your order. top of page order issues what if there is a problem with my order? in the unlikely event that your order is incorrect, missing parts, damaged or defective, please contact us within 10 days of receiving the item and we will send you the correct product, replacement product or replacement parts at no cost to you. please note that we may ask for photos in order to determine the nature of the issue and find the best resolution. we will work with the manufacturer and the shipping company to resolve the issue in timely manner. please be aware that some manufacturers may require you to contact them directly to resolve warranty issues. please note that some items may not arrive in the same retail packaging you will find in a store. these items are exactly the same, only without the added cost of the product photos and printed graphics common to retail packaging. what should i do if my shipment is lost? hang tight. usually "lost" shipments have just been misrouted. contact us if your shipment is missing cartons or the shipping company has alerted you about potential missing packages. dazadi.com will immediately initiate a tracer on the shipment, as required by the shipping companies. if, after 3 business days, the shipment or missing cartons cannot be located, we will ship a replacement to you at no additional charge. what should i do if my shipment is stolen? in order to get your small package item to you as quickly as possible, we do not require a signature upon delivery for small package items. you are responsible for providing a secure delivery address. make sure you check with your neighbors or anyone in your house that may have picked up the package prior to contacting us. any item that is lost or stolen, but shows confirmed delivery, is not the responsibility of dazadi.com and is not covered by our shipping companies. if you are concerned about the delivery address, please consider shipping to work or an alternate address instead. how do i cancel an order? contact us as soon as possible if you need to cancel your order. if your order has not shipped, you will be refunded in full. if your order has already shipped, you will be subject to our return policy. how do i return an order? returns are easy at dazadi.com. visit our return policy for further information and instructions. top of page can't find your question? please contact us with any further shipping questions or concerns. top of page help quick links shipping information faqs return policy track your order contact customer support become an affiliate buying guides site map security and privacy terms of use resources about dazadi the company the history of dazadi what is the dazadi difference? contact dazadi, inc. press and news discount bin dazadi.com blog the dazadi blog crosley mini-turntable giveaway on pinterest!the crosley mini-turntable giveaway we’re throwing on pinterest is easy to enter. all we’re asking is for you to follow us ... read moredazadi holiday giveawaywe want to give you this: a 3 in 1 game table! now you don’t have to choose between table tennis, air hockey, and a billiards table ... read moreholiday gift guide for him!we compiled our best products for the special men in your life to make holiday shopping a breeze! game tables fat cat phoenix mmxi 7 ... read more some like it social copyright © 2014 dazadi, inc. all rights reserved. my account  | shopping cart (0)  | track your order  | contact us call us 888-382-4537 live chat (we're offline) sports & fitness sports baseball basketball boxing bike shop fan shop football p.e. equipment soccer softball sports field equipment volleyball fitness treadmills elliptical trainers exercise bikes rowing machines aerobic step equipment stair climbers & steppers fitness monitors home gyms & multi-gyms cable crossovers smith machines abdominal equipment upper body equipment lower body equipment weight benches ankle, hand, wrist, and body weights medicine balls resistance training barbells dumbbells kettlebells weight bars weight sets & plates weight racks and plate trees cable attachments weight accessories weight training accessories stretching & core yoga pilates inversion tables balance & agility plyometrics exercise balls flooring & mats exercise on the go exercise books and dvds exercise gear massage therapy water fitness game rooms game tables air hockey tables bumper pool tables casino games dome hockey foosball and soccer tables table tennis multi game tables shuffleboard tables arcade games photo booths video arcade games pinball basketball arcade games amusement games gaming chairs billiards pool tables pool cues conversion tops cue cases billiard balls billiard accessories cue racks furniture folding tables and chairs decor coffee tables pub tables and chairs bars and stools darts darts bristle dartboards electronic dartboards dartboard cabinets & sets dart accessories entertainment collectibles toys & games bikes, scooters & ride-ons bikes trikes scooters ride-on toys skateboards, skate ramps & rails skates wagons pogo sticks bike helmets & cycling gloves outdoor play lawn games playground equipment water play winter activities games & puzzles board games chess card games dice & domino games puzzles travel games other games furniture, storage & decor toy boxes tables & chairs room decor vanities steps and step-ups lamps dramatic play play kitchens food & nutrition playsets train sets and accessories dolls & stuffed animals learning toys table top games backyard & patio swimming pool above ground swimming pools pool covers pool liners, floor pads, & accessories pool accessories pool floats & toys swimming pool chemicals patio furniture see all patio furniture umbrellas seating tables patio sets lawn games hammocks and air mattresses hammocks, chairs & combos air mattresses fire pits, fireplaces, & heaters trampolines playground equipment playsets & sandboxes playground accessories storage & maintenance kegerators & beverage coolers folding tables & chairs