来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181230225918/https://www.dazadi.com/shipping-info/
================================================================================

shipping info facebook facebook twitter twitter instagram instagram pinterest pinterest google+ google+ youtube youtube (888) 382-4537 compare track your shipment 0 toggle menu free shipping on all orders the dazadi difference search search categories bestsellers outdoor activities all outdoor activities backboards & accessories basketball backboards basketball court marking kits basketball rims ground sleeves & anchors nets, rolbak, & guard nets pole pads baseball glove flasks basketball hoops & goals in ground pool basketball hoops portable wall mount outdoor games bocce ball corn hole croquet giant chess horseshoes ladder toss table tennis winter sports snow sleds shop all outdoor activities home fitness all home fitness home gyms & power cages cable cross-overs speed & agility training cardio elliptical trainers exercise bikes rowing machines steppers strength training equipment dumbbells kettlebells weights & plates boxing shop all home fitness game room all game room air hockey tables foosball & soccer tables multi game tables poker tables replacement parts shuffleboard tables skee ball table tennis billiards gameroom furniture arcade games electronic basketball hoops video arcade games darts jukeboxes shop all game room toys & games all toys & games games and puzzles board games puzzles ride-ons ride on toys & pedal go karts shop all toys & games swimming pool all swimming pool swimming pool floats & chairs shop all swimming pool sales & specials new arrivals my account gift certificates sign in register contact us here facebook facebook twitter twitter instagram instagram pinterest pinterest google+ google+ youtube youtube fast, free shipping to your door for every item in stock awesome hand picked & exclusive products upgraded delivery & assembly options easy returns track your shipment search home shipping info shipping charges what are the shipping charges? are there additional charges shipping to alaska, hawaii or other remote areas within the united states? do you ship to po boxes? do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? why do some products include free shipping and others do not? do you ship to us territories? do you ship to canada? mexico? international addresses? can i use a package forwarding service? when can i be charged extra fees for my oversized and heavy items? can i include a gift message with my order? delivery time when will my order ship? how will my order be shipped? when will my order arrive? i ordered several items. will they ship together? how do i track my order? can i change the delivery address for my order? can i pick up my order? expedited shipping can my order be expedited? when will my expedited order ship? oversized and heavy item shipments what do i need to know when i order an oversized or heavy item? how will my oversized or heavy item be delivered? can these oversized and heavy items be expedited? assembly services how do i get my item assembled? delivery acceptance instructions what do i need to do when my order arrives? order issues what if there is a problem with my order? what should i do if my shipment is lost? what should i do if my shipment is stolen? how do i cancel an order? how do i return an order? shipping charges what are the shipping charges? paying for shipping isn't awesome. that's why every item we sell ships for free. free shipping small package items ship via fedex, ups, or usps via ground delivery. free shipping heavy items ship to your home with to your door service, which means that we unload the item from the truck and place it in the first dry area nearest your home, but not into your home. however, you may upgrade small package items to expedited service and you may also upgrade heavy item freight deliveries to room of choice or assembly options for an additional fee. once an item is in your shopping cart, may upgrade to a premium service by selecting shipping and delivery options. are there additional charges shipping to alaska, hawaii, or other remote areas within the united states? yes, in most cases there will be an additional fee for shipments to alaska, hawaii, and remote areas like islands or other locales where there is limited shipping company coverage. if your order is in one of these areas, you will receive a call from a dazadi representative with an extra fee, if applicable. feel free to contact us for help placing an order shipping to alaska, hawaii, or remote areas. please note that orders shipping to these remote locations will also take longer to be delivered than the estimated ship dates shown in the shopping cart. do you ship to po boxes? sorry, we do not. most orders are shipped by fedex or ups. these companies require a street address for delivery. do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? dazadi.com is happy to ship packages to our military personnel serving overseas; however, export and freight restrictions prevent some items from being shipped to military addresses. contact us to place an order shipping to a military address. please note that orders shipping to apo/fpo addresses can only be shipped using the united states postal service (usps) and will require extra processing and delivery time. please allow 2 to 4 weeks for your order to arrive after shipping. always remember to include full name, grade and psc or unit number when ordering. do you ship to us territories? unfortunately, we currently do not ship to puerto rico, guam or any other us territories, protectorates or possessions. do you ship to canada? mexico? international addresses? unfortunately, we currently do not ship to addresses outside the united states; however, we are working diligently to offer our awesome selection of products to international customers. can i use a package forwarding service? a package forwarding service allows you to shop online in the us, and allows you to easily send orders to alaska, hawaii, military or international addresses. these companies provide you with a secure domestic shipping address and offer low shipping rates. dazadi.com makes no guarantees of service or pricing of these package-forwarding companies, but we can help with product information if you want to use their services. when can i be charged extra fees for my oversized and heavy items? if your item requires a delivery appointment, the delivery company will contact you by phone to schedule a delivery date and time. you are required to set up a delivery time, and someone must be available to sign for the delivery and inspect it at that scheduled delivery time. additional charges will apply if the carrier must store the item and/or return your item due to a missed appointment or an inability to set up an appointment. can i include a gift message with my order? unfortunately, we are currently not able to add personalized messages to orders. top of page delivery time when will my order ship? most orders leave the warehouse within 1 to 3 business days (monday through friday, excluding us holidays). please see the product details page for more information about shipping lead times. after an item has shipped, you will receive an email with the shipping company information and a tracking number so you can follow the progress of your delivery. custom orders (including some team logo items and made-to-order game tables) will take longer to ship. we will contact you concerning shipping lead times for orders requiring customized work. to ensure swiftest order processing, please review your shipping address carefully. make sure the street number and zip code are correct. if your order is shipping to a business, include the business name and a contact name. also, make sure to include the apartment number, room number or suite number, if applicable. most importantly, include a phone number, in case we need to verify shipping information. incorrect or incomplete addresses will delay processing and shipping and may be subject to additional charges. during times of heavy volume, especially november and december, orders may take longer to process and ship, therefore shipping dates cannot be guaranteed. please plan accordingly. how will my order be shipped? small packages are shipped by fedex or ups. however, when it is best for you, we may ship using usps. some products are too big or too heavy for a regular delivery van. these oversized and heavy items - sometimes referred to as freight - will be delivered to you on a truck. in most cases the delivery company will contact you by phone to schedule a date and time for your delivery. please contact us if you require in-home delivery or assembly services. for your convenience, we offer two delivery options for these large items: to-your-door and room-of-choice (delivery appointment required). in some areas we are able to deliver your heavy item without an appointment or signature. if you are eligible for this type of delivery you'll receive an email from us with additional information after you place your order. please note that some items ship in retail packaging with product images printed on the box. if the item is a gift and you are worried about ruining the surprise, please consider shipping to work or an alternate address instead. when will my order arrive? orders typically arrive within 3 to 7 business days after leaving the warehouse. keep in mind that delivery dates are estimates based on item availability, shipping location and shipping schedules. these delivery dates are not guaranteed. i ordered several items. will they ship together? in an effort to get your items to you as quickly as possible, we sometimes split your order into multiple shipments; however, when it is cost and time efficient, we may combine all of your items into one shipment. how do i track my order? after your order has shipped, you will receive an email with the shipping company information and a tracking number. click on the link directing you to the shipping company's website to get the latest tracking information on your order. you may also log into your dazadi.com account to track your order. see track your order for further information. can i change the delivery address for my order? yes, but only if the shipment has not left the warehouse. if your order has already been shipped, it is more difficult and costly to change the delivery address. you may be subject to additional charges and the shipping companies never guarantee these changes. to avoid these charges and inconvenience, check the delivery address carefully when placing your order. contact us as soon as possible if you need to change the delivery address. can i pick up my order? we are sorry, but orders may not be picked up from our warehouses at this time. top of page expedited shipping can my order be expedited? dazadi.com has 1, 2, and 3 day shipping options available for select items. restrictions may apply. these expedited options may not be available for all items sold on dazadi.com. when will my expedited order ship? most expedited orders will ship the next business day. business days are defined as monday through friday and exclude saturday, sunday and u.s. holidays. expedited shipments will arrive by the end of the day on the delivery date. for example, a 1 day order placed on a friday would ship the following monday and arrive by the end of the day on tuesday. please note that expedited shipments will not be delivered on saturday, sunday or u.s. holidays. all transit times are business days, not calendar days. sadly, dazadi.com does not control the weather. sometimes, severe weather conditions will delay delivery of expedited shipments. dazadi.com cannot be held responsible for these delays and cannot credit expedited charges for shipments delayed by weather or conditions beyond our control. top of page oversized and heavy item shipments what do i need to know when i order an oversized or heavy item? oversized and heavy items -- sometimes referred to as freight -- are typically 100 pounds or more. these items will be shipped on a truck rather than a regular delivery van. in most cases, the delivery company will contact you by phone to schedule a delivery date and time; please advise them of any details that will ensure a smooth, effortless delivery. be sure to provide a daytime phone number when placing your order. in most cases, your order will be delivered w/ no signature or appointment required. however, if you upgrade your delivery or would prefer a scheduled appointment, please contact us at 888-382-4537. based on the region, deliveries are typically made between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., monday through friday; deliveries are not available on weekends or holidays as part of our free shipping coverage. if this is needed, additional charges will apply based on time and day of requested appointment. please call for more information 888-382-4537. additional charges will also apply if the carrier must return due to not being able to reach you to schedule an appointment, a missed appointment, or an inability to leave the item in a dry, safe area at your home. these charges can usually be avoided if accurate delivery address and contact information is provided at the time of checkout. how will my oversized or heavy item be delivered? dazadi.com currently offers two delivery options: to-your-door delivery - this is our standard, free delivery option. we unload the item from the truck and place it in the first dry area nearest your home, but not into your home. room-of-choice delivery - for an additional charge, the item can be unloaded from the truck and placed anywhere in your home. upon your request, we will also remove the item from its packaging and dispose of any unwanted packing materials. this kind of delivery requires a delivery appointment and someone must be at your home to sign for the delivery. additional charges may apply if no one is available to receive the item. we use only the most reputable and professional delivery teams. restrictions may apply based on the size and weight of the item and maneuverability within your home. these delivery options may not be available for all items sold on dazadi.com. please refer to assembly services below for further details about product assembly. the delivery company should never ask you to pay them directly for any delivery services. if a driver asks for money to make a delivery, contact us immediately. can these oversized and heavy items be expedited? expedited freight shipping is available for an additional charge; however, please keep in mind that expediting freight can be prohibitively expensive and the freight carriers do not guarantee the delivery time. contact us for quotes on expedited freight. top of page assembly services how do i get my item assembled? assembly is a premium service available for items sold at dazadi.com. we utilize a nationwide team of experienced assembly professionals to ensure your item is assembled and/or installed correctly. please contact us for further details about assembly. please note that delivery and assembly often occur separately. if you have purchased assembly services through amazon (or a third party installer not affiliated with dazadi) at the time of check out all coordination for that service must be done by you through amazon or the third party installer. additionally, if your item is damaged during the assembly process by the amazon installer or the third party technician not affiliated with dazadi then you will be responsible for filing claims directly with amazon home services or your third party installer. top of page delivery acceptance instructions what do i need to do when my order arrives? always inspect the shipment, count the cartons and document any problems on the delivery receipt. all items are shipped with 100% insurance coverage as long as the delivery acceptance guidelines listed below are followed: when your order is delivered, immediately inspect the outer carton (on every side, including the bottom) and entire contents for any potential damage that may have occurred during shipping. never waive your right to inspect a shipment upon delivery. it is important to document any damage or shortages on the delivery receipt. be as specific as possible when noting punctures, scratches or shortages. notations such as “hole in box,” “packaging torn” and “missing carton” are necessary to establish carrier responsibility. please inspect every part of your item for damage or defect prior to assembly. if the item needs to be returned for a replacement or refund, it must be disassembled and boxed in order to be shipped back. it is normal for the carton to show some wear; however, if it is clear that major damage has occurred, refuse the delivery and contact us immediately for a replacement. for deliveries left at your door, such as those by fedex or ups, please carefully inspect the package as well. also if possible, please notify the driver of any potential damage before accepting delivery. if the package was left without collecting a signature, inspect the package and its contents as soon as possible and contact us with any discrepancies. if the driver refuses to allow you to sign the delivery receipt in the manner previously described above, refuse delivery and contact us immediately. damage and shortages must be reported within 10 days of receiving your order. top of page order issues what if there is a problem with my order? in the unlikely event that your order is incorrect, missing parts, damaged or defective, please contact us within 10 days of receiving the item and we will send you the correct product, replacement product or replacement parts at no cost to you. please note that we may ask for photos in order to determine the nature of the issue and find the best resolution. we will work with the manufacturer and the shipping company to resolve the issue in timely manner. please be aware that some manufacturers may require you to contact them directly to resolve warranty issues. please note that some items may not arrive in the same retail packaging you will find in a store. these items are exactly the same, only without the added cost of the product photos and printed graphics common to retail packaging. what should i do if my shipment is lost? hang tight. usually "lost" shipments have just been misrouted. contact us if your shipment is missing cartons or the shipping company has alerted you about potential missing packages. dazadi.com will immediately initiate a tracer on the shipment, as required by the shipping companies. if, after 3 business days, the shipment or missing cartons cannot be located, we will ship a replacement to you at no additional charge. what should i do if my shipment is stolen? in order to get your small package item to you as quickly as possible, we do not require a signature upon delivery for small package items. you are responsible for providing a secure delivery address. make sure you check with your neighbors or anyone in your house that may have picked up the package prior to contacting us. any item that is lost or stolen, but shows confirmed delivery, is not the responsibility of dazadi.com and is not covered by our shipping companies. if you are concerned about the delivery address, please consider shipping to work or an alternate address instead. how do i cancel an order? contact us as soon as possible if you need to cancel your order. if your order has not shipped, you will be refunded in full. if your order has already shipped, you will be subject to our return policy. how do i return an order? returns are easy at dazadi.com. visit our return policy for further information and instructions. special note for freight returns: as with small package items, most large items can be returned within 30 days of receiving your item(s) as long as it's returned in unused condition and in its original packaging. sorry, we cannot offer refunds on products that show clear signs of use. additional restrictions may apply. the return process for a large or heavy item is a bit different. instead of receiving a prepaid return label, a customer service representative at dazadi will initiate a pick up request with the freight company. someone from the freight company will contact you to schedule an appointment to come and pick up the item. once the item is received by our return center, a refund will be processed. please note that the item must be disassembled and packaged in its original packaging before it is picked up. because of this, please do not throw away the original packaging from your order until you are certain that you will not be returning it. top of page can't find your question? please contact us with any further shipping questions or concerns. top of page × what makes the dazadi difference? fast, free shipping on every item in stock. unique products awesome hand-picked products. genuine service we're here to answer your questions. easy delivery every order delivered to your door. shop products sports home fitness game rooms toys & games backyard patio view all categories gift cards about dazadi the company the dazadi story core values what is the dazadi difference? contact us our blog sitemap help links shipping info return policy order status become an affiliate buying guides security & privacy terms of use stay connected facebook facebook twitter twitter instagram instagram pinterest pinterest google+ google+ youtube youtube payment methods copyright © 2018 dazadi.com. all rights reserved.