来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231200409/http://www.meijer.com/Legal_Notice.cms
================================================================================

legal notice | meijer.com shop meijer.com weekly ads your store our company meijer mealbox help order status your account pharmacy photo wish list more... meijerwinelist.com meijerhealthyliving.com katiebrown.meijer.com solutions corner mpartnerdeals welcome. sign in or create an account for exclusive savings. international shipping now available welcome! meijer.com has partnered with international checkout to ship orders to our international customers. all orders are tracked and insured. click for complete details. view cart/checkout 0 items $0.00 search all departments baby & toddler baby bedding & decor baby clothing baby furniture baby gear baby health & safety baby & toddler feeding baby toys bath & potty diapering sale - baby & toddler clothing & accessories kids clothing & shoes mens accessories mens clothing mens shoes womens accessories womens clothing womens shoes sale - clothing & accessories crafts & art supplies arts & crafts craft books craft furniture & lighting cricut cake party supplies & decorations scrapbooking & memory seasonal & themed crafts sewing & quilting stationery & cards wilton baking & candy making yarn & needle sale - crafts & art supplies electronics & computers apple ipod audio equipment computers digital camcorders digital cameras gps home security phones printers, scanners & ink tv & video sale - electronics & computers furniture & home bathroom bedding bedroom furniture entertainment & media furniture framed art & wall prints free shipping - furniture futons & loungers home decor kitchen & dining furniture kids & teens rooms laundry lighting living room furniture luggage & travel office furniture & supplies rugs & floor coverings vacuums & cleaning window treatments sale - furniture & home garden & outdoor furniture & cushions grills & outdoor cooking hot tubs, sauna & spa landscape & gardening lawn tools & equipment outdoor decor outdoor lights & heating sheds, greenhouses & structures water equipment & ponds wildlife & wild bird supplies sale - garden & outdoor gift cards entertainment gift cards meijer business gift cards meijer personal gift cards nfl shop.com gift cards nintendo wii points cards restaurant gift cards retail store gift cards salon & spa gift cards xbox live cards grocery baby & toddler supplies baking beverages cereal & breakfast foods condiments, salad dressings & sauces gift baskets paper products & household supplies packaged meals & sides pet food snacks & candy soup & canned goods sale - grocery health & beauty diet & weight loss fragrances hair care home health care massage & spa medicine & personal care mobility & independent living oral & dental care shaving & hair removal skin care sports health supplements vitamins & nutrition sale - health & beauty the holiday shop christmas indoor decor christmas lights & outdoor decor christmas tree decorations christmas trees & greenery holiday costumes holiday crafts holiday storage holiday - clearance sale - the holiday shop home improvement automotive accessories heating & cooling home appliances home organization home security hot tubs, sauna & spa laundry painting supplies tools & workshop vacuums & cleaning sale - home improvement jewelry & watches bracelets earrings jewelry sets jewelry storage & care mens jewelry pendants & necklaces pins & brooches rings watches wedding & engagement sale - jewelry & watches kitchen & dining bakeware cookware housewares katie brown kitchen & dining small kitchen appliances tabletop sale - kitchen & dining pet supplies cat supplies dog supplies fish supplies & aquariums indoor bird & small animal pet apparel & gifts pet costumes pet grooming pet health care pet training & behavior wildlife & wild bird supplies sale - pet supplies sporting goods camping & hiking gear exercise equipment game room hunting equipment & fishing pools & water toys recreational sports sale - sporting goods team fan shop mlb nascar nba ncaa nfl nhl sale - team fan shop toys, games & bikes arts & crafts supplies bicycles building sets & blocks games & puzzles learning & preschool musical instruments pools & water toys pretend play & dress-up riding toys & scooters science & discovery swing sets & outdoor toys toy furniture & storage sale - toys, games & bikes video games nintendo pc gaming playstation plug-n-play games xbox sale - video games online sale clearance sale - baby & toddler sale - clothing & accessories sale - crafts & art supplies sale - electronics & computers sale - furniture & home sale - garden & outdoor sale - grocery sale - halloween sale - health & beauty sale - the holiday shop sale - home improvement sale - jewelry & watches sale - kitchen & dining sale - pet supplies sale - sporting goods sale - team fan shop sale - toys, games & bikes sale - video games terms & conditions please read these terms and conditions of use carefully these terms and conditions apply to the website and promotional programs your use of the website having the url of www.meijer.com and operated by meijerecom, inc. (the "website") and/or your participation in the promotional programs including, but not limited to, mperks, text alerts, voice messaging alerts, email messaging, couponing, postal mailers, and sweepstakes ("promotional programs") sponsored by meijerecom, inc., meijer, inc., or one of their affiliates (collectively, "meijer") are governed by these terms and conditions (these "terms"). in addition to these terms, promotional programs may also have additional terms, conditions, or restrictions that apply exclusively to the particular promotional program and to the extent that there is a conflict between these terms and the terms, conditions or restrictions particular to a promotional program, the terms, conditions or restrictions of a particular promotional program will govern. by accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the website or participating in any of the promotional programs, you acknowledge and agree that these terms apply to your use and/or participation and you agree to comply with these terms when using the website or while participating in any of our promotional programs. if you do not agree to be bound by these terms each time that you use the website or when you participate in promotional programs, or if you do not have the authority or capability to agree to or accept these terms, you may not use the website or participate in the promotional programs. these terms may change meijerecom reserves the right to modify these terms at any time without prior notice. your use of the website or participation in the promotional programs following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms as so modified. accordingly, you should review these terms for changes whenever you use the website. intellectual property all of the content that you see and hear on the website or in the promotional programs, including text, graphics, logos, designs, page headers, page footers, images, illustrations, audio clips, and video clips (collectively, the "content"), is owned by meijer, or third parties who have licensed the content to meijer. the website as a whole is copyrighted as a collective work under u.s. copyright law, and meijerecom owns the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of the content. the content is protected by united states and international copyright, trademark, and other laws. the content specifically includes, but is not limited to, the following registered trademarks or service marks: meijer®, gfm®, shop for moresm, higher standards, lower pricessm, and meijer community rewardssm. the content is intended for your personal and noncommercial use only. you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post, transmit, or create derivative works of or from the content in any form or by any means, except as may be specifically permitted by these terms, pursuant to meijer's prior written consent, or the written consent of the respective intellectual property owner. in the event of such consent, you will acquire no right, title, or interest in any downloaded content or other materials transferred to you by any means. meijerecom reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in and to all materials downloaded from the website. submission of comments or suggestions although we welcome your suggestions and comments concerning the website and the promotional programs, all such communications, including original creative stories, messages (as defined below), product ideas, and original artwork (collectively, "comments"), submitted to meijer will be and remain the exclusive property of meijer. your submission of any comments will constitute an irrevocable and legally-enforceable assignment to meijer of all your worldwide rights, title, and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the comments. accordingly, meijer will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish, and distribute any comments that you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. for this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to irrevocably assign to us on the above terms. creative submissions and messages as part of the website and/or promotional programs, we may, from time to time, provide messaging tools for you to submit text, graphics, video content, or audio content (collectively, "messages") to meijer or to other persons through meijer. in order for you to be qualified to send messages, your messages must not include obscene, profane, or threatening content, including material that could violate, or could facilitate the violation of, any applicable law, regulation, or meijer rule or policy. further, your messages may not impersonate any person or entity or be profane, libelous, defamatory, indecent, lewd, harassing, threatening, harmful, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable. you represent and warrant that you have the full right and authority to submit your messages to meijer. you agree that any messages you submit are for non-commercial use only. you must provide your true email address in order to send your messages. you understand that your messages will be routed through the internet and that we do not provide any privacy or security for the messages. you are solely responsible for the content of your messages, and meijer assumes no liability for these messages. you grant meijer the right to publish your messages on the website and through other media outlets. for any messages we publish, we may, but are not required to, restrict or remove any and all content from any message that we determine in our sole discretion, violates these guidelines or is otherwise harmful to us, other meijer customers, or any other third party. we reserve the right to purge all messages that you provide us after thirty (30) days of creation. you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold meijer harmless from and against all third party claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) against or incurred by meijer arising out of any messages you submit. correction of errors and inaccuracies; limitations on quantity; returns the information on the website or in offers contained in promotional programs may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies, and may be incomplete or outdated. we therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). please note that such errors, inaccuracies, or omissions may relate to product description, pricing, and availability. in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. we also reserve the right to limit quantities (including after you have submitted your order). further, meijer reserves the right to discontinue or change any promotion or offer from a promotional program at any time, for any reason, and without notice. if you attempt to use a promotion or offer which has been discontinued or changed when you make a purchase on the website or a meijer physical store, no discount will be given on the product purchased. we apologize for any inconvenience these changes may cause. please see our faq for more details. if you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may return it with the original packing receipt (or visit your account, then order history, and click on an order for return options) within 90 days of the order date (30 days for electronics). certain products such as ammunition, opened music, movies, collector cards, and certain medical assistance devices have different return policies that are described in our return policy which can be found at the following link: http://www.meijer.com/returns.cms. passwords and security if you use a password to access the website or a promotional program, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and for restricting access to your website or promotional program account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur on your account or with your password. in the event that the confidentiality of your account or password is compromised in any manner, you will notify us immediately. we reserve the right to take any and all action, as we deem necessary or reasonable, to ensure the security of the website, the promotional programs, and your account, including without limitation, terminating your account, changing your password, or requesting information to authorize transactions on your accounts. notwithstanding the above, we may rely on the authority of anyone accessing your accounts or using your passwords and in no event will meijer be held liable to you for any liabilities or damages resulting from or arising out of (i) any action or inaction of us under this provision, (ii) any compromise of the confidentiality of your accounts or passwords, and (iii) any unauthorized access to your accounts or use of your passwords. you agree to defend, indemnify and hold meijer harmless from and against all third party claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) against or incurred by meijer arising out of your use or access of the website, or any breach of these terms and conditions of use. colors colors of the products for purchase on the website are displayed as accurately as possible. because the colors of products will look differently on different computer monitors, however, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be the same as the color of the product received. gift cards terms and conditions applicable to the purchase and use of meijer gift cards are available here. in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the gift card terms and conditions and these terms, you agree that the gift card terms and conditions will control. children only persons 18 years of age or older may purchase items from the website or participate in promotional programs. if you are under 18, you may not purchase items from the website or participate in promotional programs. if there is a violation of this prohibition, the minor's parent or legal guardian will be liable for such purchase or other violation. if you are a parent or guardian, you are charged with monitoring and supervising the use of the website or promotional programs by minors under your care. you agree to be responsible for their use of the website in all respects. meijer reserves the right to reverse any purchase or promotion made by or given to a minor and the minor and his or her parent or legal guardian agree to fully cooperate with instructions given regarding the reversal. if a person under 18 years of age makes a purchase from the website or participates in a promotional program, meijer will not be deemed to have knowledge that it has collected personal or other information from a minor. links to other sites meijer makes no representations whatsoever about any other website that you may access through this website. when you access a non-meijer site, please understand that it is independent from meijer, and that meijer has no control over the content on that website. in addition, a hyperlink to a non-meijer website does not mean that meijer endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of the linked site. it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use or download is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature. if you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this website, you do this entirely at your own risk. disclaimers−general the website is operated and the promotional programs are run on an "as is," "as available" basis, without representations or warranties of any kind. to the fullest extent permitted by law, meijer disclaims any and all representations and warranties with respect to this website, the promotional programs, and their contents, whether express, implied, or statutory, including, but not limited to, warranties of title, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use. without limiting the general nature of this disclaimer: meijer disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, for any merchandise offered on the website. this disclaimer does not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the item. meijer does not represent or warrant that the information on the website or in promotional programs is accurate, complete, reliable, useful, timely or current or that the website will operate without interruption or error. meijer disclaims any liability as to the accuracy or completeness of each item description. all product descriptions originate from the manufacturer of the item. meijer does not endorse or make any warranties or representations about the options or other service or data you may access, download or use as a result of the use of the information contained on the website, or about any website you may access through the website. links to other sites are provided for convenience only. you need to make your own decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other website. meijer assumes no risk or responsibility for your use of any of the content provided on the website or in any of the promotional programs. disclaimers −− meijerecom health pages the information contained in the website's health and nutrition pages has been devised without reference to cultural, dietary, societal, language, prescribing, or dispensing conditions (including those imposed by law), other than those of the united states, which might affect the information provided. the information contained in the website's health and nutrition pages is intended as an educational aid only. it is not intended as medical advice for individual conditions or treatment. it is not a substitute for a medical exam, nor does it replace the need for services provided by medical professionals. talk to your doctor before taking any prescription or over the counter drugs (including any herbal medicines or supplements) or following any treatment or regimen. only your doctor can provide you with advice on what is safe and effective for you. the information contained in the website's health and nutrition pages concerning herbal medicine contains information about herbal therapies and other dietary supplements, which are not regulated in the united states by the food and drug administration. additionally, the manufacturing and distribution of herbal substances is not regulated in the united states, and no quality standards currently exist. because of the unregulated nature of the herbal and supplement industry, you should discuss use of these substances with your doctor prior to taking an herbal supplement. limitation of liability under no circumstances will meijer or any of its employees, directors, officers, agents, vendors or suppliers be liable for any direct or indirect losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the website or participate in the promotional programs. this is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all losses and damages of any kind (whether general, special, consequential, incidental, exemplary or otherwise, including, without limitation, loss of data, income or profits), whether in contract, negligence or other tortious action, even if an authorized representative of meijer has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages. if you are dissatisfied with the website, the promotional programs, or any of their respective content, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the website or participating in the promotional programs. you acknowledge, by your use of the website, that your use of the website is at your sole risk. applicable law may not allow the limitation of liability set forth above, so this limitation of liability may not apply to you. if any part of this limitation on liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then the aggregate liability of meijer under such circumstances for liabilities that otherwise would have been limited will not exceed one hundred dollars ($100). applicable law by accessing and using the website or participating in promotional programs, you agree that your access, use, and participation is subject to, governed by, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of michigan, united sates of america, excluding its conflict of laws provisions. regardless of where you access the website or participate in promotional programs, you agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms must be filed and adjudicated only in the federal or state courts located in grand rapids, michigan, usa, and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these terms. you agree to waive your rights to a trial by jury (regardless of the source of such right) in any action against meijer arising from and/or directly or indirectly related to or connected with these terms or your use of the website or your participation in the promotional programs. termination notwithstanding any of these terms, we reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the website or exclude you from any of the promotional programs, and to block or prevent future access to and use of the website or the promotional programs if you violate any of these terms. upon termination, these terms will still apply. consent to email communication when you visit the website, participate in the promotional programs, or send email to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically and agree that we may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the website. legal equivalency this electronic document and any other electronic documents, policies and guidelines incorporated herein will be: (i) deemed for all purposes to be a "writing" or "in writing," and to comply with all statutory, contractual, and other legal requirements for a writing: (ii) legally enforceable as a signed writing as against the parties subject to the electronic documents; and (iii) deemed an "original" when printed from electronic records established and maintained in the ordinary course of business. electronic documents introduced as evidence in any judicial, arbitration, mediation or administrative proceeding will, if established and maintained in the ordinary course of business, be admissible to the same extent as business records in written form that are similarly established and maintained. privacy we have adopted a privacy statement that you should refer to in order to fully understand how we use and collect information on the website, through promotional programs, or by other means. to learn about our privacy practices, please refer to the privacy statement section of the website located at http://www.meijer.com/privacy___security.cms. additional policies and terms additional policies and terms apply to your use of specific portions of the website (and products available on the website) or to promotional programs (and offers available through promotional programs). please review all such additional specific terms and conditions, including: faq, shipping information, and returns. california's proposition 65 california's proposition 65 requires retailers to provide notice to their customers if they sell products that contain certain chemicals. some of our products may contain listed chemicals. warning: products available for purchase on the website may contain chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. applicable patents portions of the website are authorized to operate under a license of u.s. patent nos. 5,218,752; 5,227,874; and 5,249,044 from response reward systems, lc. claims of copyright infringement we disclaim any responsibility or liability for copyrighted materials posted on our site. if you believe that your work has been copied in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow the procedures set forth below. meijer respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca"), we will respond promptly to notices of alleged infringement that are reported to meijer's designated copyright agent, identified below. if you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through our website by sending us a notice ("notice") complying with the following requirements. 1. identify the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed. 2. identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and that access to which is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the url of the link shown on the site where such material may be found. 3. provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address. 4. include both of the following statements in the body of the notice: "i hereby state that i have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)." "i hereby state that the information in this notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that i am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed." 5. provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature. deliver this notice, with all items completed, to our copyright agent: ct corporation system 1015 15th street, nw, suite 1000 washington, dc 20005 phone: 202-572-3100 fax: 202-572-9600 email: cls-ctwashingtondcfulfillment@wolterskluwer.com meijer's corporate address 2929 walker, nw, grand rapids, mi 49544 revised: august 27, 2010 email address* zip code* meijer store* i'm over 18 years of age* (why do you ask?) and have read the privacy policy and the terms and conditions of use and by using this account, making purchases on www.meijer.com, or otherwise using www.meijer.com, i acknowledge and agree that i am bound by the privacy policy and the terms and conditions of use. *required help account profile customer care international shipping order status privacy & security product recalls returns shipping information site map about meijer business to business careers community newsroom our company real estate retirees store locator team members vendors get more contests coupons & offers meijer card services meijer community rewards mperks shopper panel upromise do more big steal doorstep grocer gas station gift cards healthy living mpartnerdeals photo center solutions corner store pharmacy get connected email subscriptions facebook rss feeds text & voice alerts twitter youtube more awards meijer.com reserves the right to limit quantities (including after you 've submitted your order). special pricing and offers are good only while supplies last and may differ from instore pricing and offers. meijer.com often offers a greater selection than what you'll find in our stores. please see our faq and terms and conditions of use for complete details. © copyright 1996-2012 meijer, inc. all rights reserved.