来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229182423/http://www.meijer.com/pharmacy
================================================================================

meijer pharmacy | meijer.com weekly ads gift cards mperks find a store my store my account cart ## ▼ my store weekly ads mperks pharmacy photo mealbox grocery & healthhomefurnituregarden & patioclothingjewelrybabytoyssporting goodselectronicsclearance grocery baby & toddler supplies baking beverages cereal & breakfast foods condiments, salad dressings & sauces gift baskets household cleaning supplies laundry supplies packaged meals & sides paper products & household supplies snacks & candy soup & canned goods health & beauty diet & weight loss fragrances hair care home health care medicine & personal care mobility & independent living oral & dental care shaving & hair removal skin care sports health supplements vitamins & nutrition sale - health & beauty pet food & supplies cat supplies dog supplies fish supplies & aquariums indoor bird & small animal pet apparel & gifts pet costumes pet food pet grooming pet health care pet training & behavior wildlife & wild bird supplies sale - pet food & supplies home bath bedding framed art & wall decor home decor kids decor lighting luggage & travel rugs slipcovers window treatments sale - home kitchen & dining bakeware cookware kitchen tools & gadgets kitchen & dining furniture kitchen storage & organization small kitchen appliances tableware sale - kitchen & dining crafts & art supplies arts & crafts craft books cricut cake party supplies & decorations scrapbooking & memory seasonal & themed crafts sewing & quilting stationery & cards wilton baking & candy making yarn & needle sale - crafts & art supplies home improvement automotive accessories heating & cooling home appliances home organization home security laundry painting supplies plumbing tools & workshop vacuums & cleaning sale - home improvement furniture accent furniture bathroom furniture bedroom furniture entryway furniture free shipping - furniture home entertainment furniture kids furniture kitchen & dining furniture living room furniture office furniture sale - furniture lawn & garden composters & rain barrels hoses & sprinklers landscape & gardening lawn tools & equipment outdoor structures & storage ponds & fountains sale - lawn & garden outdoor living & patio fire pits & patio heaters grills & outdoor cooking outdoor cushions outdoor decor outdoor lighting patio furniture pools saunas, hot tubs & misting systems weather instruments yard structures & shade sale - outdoor living & patio clothing, shoes & accessories kids clothing & shoes mens accessories mens clothing mens shoes womens accessories womens clothing womens shoes sale - clothing, shoes & accessories jewelry & watches bracelets earrings jewelry sets jewelry storage & care mens jewelry pendants & necklaces pins & brooches rings wedding & engagement watches sale - jewelry & watches baby & toddler baby bedding & decor baby furniture baby gear baby health & safety baby & maternity clothing baby & toddler feeding baby toys bath & potty diapering sale - baby & toddler toys & games action figures arts & crafts bikes & ride-ons building sets & blocks dolls & stuffed animals games & puzzles learning toys outdoor play pretend play & dress up playroom furniture vehicles & rc sale - toys & games top toys video games nintendo 3ds nintendo ds nintendo wii nintendo wii u pc gaming playstation 2 playstation 3 playstation 4 playstation vita psp xbox 360 xbox one more video games sale - video games sporting goods bikes & riding toys bike accessories & parts camping & hiking gear exercise equipment game room hunting equipment & fishing outdoor recreation team sports sale - sporting goods team fan shop nfl mlb nba nhl ncaa nascar sale - team fan shop electronics & computers apple ipad apple ipod audio equipment computers & tablets digital camcorders digital cameras digital security & security cameras ereaders gps phones printers, office & school supplies tv & video sale - electronics & computers video games nintendo 3ds nintendo ds nintendo wii nintendo wii u pc gaming playstation 2 playstation 3 playstation 4 playstation vita psp xbox 360 xbox one more video games sale - video games online sale clearance sale - baby & toddler sale - the christmas shop sale - clothing, shoes & accessories sale - crafts & art supplies sale - electronics & computers sale - furniture sale - lawn & garden sale - halloween sale - health & beauty sale - home sale - home improvement sale - jewelry & watches sale - kitchen & dining sale - outdoor living & patio sale - pet food & supplies sale - sporting goods sale - team fan shop sale - toys & games sale - video games < > medicare part bdiabetes changes prescriptiontransfers free antibiotics& pre-natal vitamins healthscreenings fsa privacy important medicare part b changes for diabetics medicare recently made changes that could affect mail-order purchases of diabetes test strips and glucometers. your meijer pharmacy is ready to help with all your diabetes testing needs. we continue to accept medicare part b for diabetes testing supplies. we stock all major brands of diabetes test strips and glucometers. we'll work with you and your doctor to complete the necessary paperwork. find the nearest meijer pharmacy meijer makes managing your diabetes easy and affordable. nearly 24 million americans live with diabetes. if you've been diagnosed with the disease, meijer is dedicated to helping you on your daily journey of adopting a healthier lifestyle and disease management. see the below resources available and visit your meijer pharmacist to talk about ways to monitor your blood sugar and keep the disease in check. one stop for your diabetes needs, featuring: diabetes care pharmacists who help with your medications, testing and log books, and offer tips and tools to achieve your goals. free metformin immediate release as prescribed by your doctor, up to a 30 day supply per fill with refills free of charge. convenient glucose testing and other health screenings available at your pharmacy. diabetes supply section, where you can receive help on selecting and programming a new meter as well as expert advice on additional products. nuval nutritional scoring system shows nutrition at a glance. compare overall nutritional value in one simple number 1-100. pick up a self guided tour in our pharmacy area and look for the nuval scores on shelf tags. registered dieticians who offer advice on diabetes-friendly foods and recipes and provide nutritional and exercise tips for leading healthy lifestyles. visit our healthy living site for more information. need a new pharmacy? switch to meijer. switch to meijer - we accept all major insurance plans, including: express scripts tricare wellpoint and many more switch now - meijer makes it easy! bring in your prescription bottle or prescription to the meijer pharmacy and we'll do the rest. get free antibiotics and pre-natal vitamins leading antibiotics are now free at your meijer pharmacy—no strings attached! "rising health care costs are having a dramatic impact on families across the country, especially here in the midwest. our free antibiotic program is the next step meijer is taking to lead the industry toward improving the health of our customers. it is all about delivering higher standards." –mark murray, meijer president the program covers leading, oral generic antibiotics with a special focus on the prescriptions most often filled for children. the following are free with your doctor’s prescription, regardless of insurance or co-pay: •amoxicillin •cephalexin •smz-tmp •ciprofloxacin •ampicillin •penicillin vk prescription must be picked up at store in person. maximum 14 day supply at normal oral dosages. does not include extended release formulations. list may be subject to change. not valid with any other offer. what the experts say... national health experts say that 40 percent of children who see a physician leave with a prescription. 'when appropriately prescribed, antibiotics are the leading tools to treat sick kids," said dr. herman gray, fellow, american academy of pediatrics and president, children's hospital of michigan. "as a family-focused company, offering free pre-natal vitamins is just another way we can help the many families that make up our core customer base. just as our free antibiotic program was designed to help our customers get healthy during these tough economic times, offering free pre-natal vitamins will help our customers stay healthy during a very important time in their lives." --nat love, vice president, meijer drugstore the free pre-natal vitamin program launched on june 1, 2008 and features five leading brands of pre-natal vitamins. see a meijer pharmacist for details. it has been shown that pre-natal vitamins play an important role in healthy pregnancies and healthy babies. through the years, these supplements have typically been prescribed for women who have become pregnant. however, many members of the medical community believe they also play an important role for women in the important months leading up to conception. therefore, a large number of physicians now prescribe these vitamins for the months leading up to a patient's attempt to conceive. meijer's free pre-natal vitamin program comes on the heels of the company celebrating its milestone of filling two million free antibiotic prescriptions in april. the free antibiotic program, which launched in october 2006, has saved meijer customers more than $33 million. health screening clinics meijer offers several blood screenings – cholesterol, blood glucose and hemoglobin a1c – for all meijer customers. check the schedules below (pdf format) to find a date that works for your family. getting a handle on hsas / fsas as of january 1, 2011, the conditions for hsas and fsas have changed. talk to your employer or visit the link below to learn more about those changes and how they affect you. learn more notice of privacy practices meijer pharmacy notice of privacy practices this notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. please review it carefully this notice is effective september 23, 2013 meijer pharmacy is required by law to maintain the privacy of protected health information (your pharmacy information), and to provide you with this notice of our legal duties and privacy practices. we are required to abide by the terms of this notice. we reserve the right to change the terms of this notice and to make the new notice effective for all protected health information we maintain. a revised notice will be posted at the pharmacy, on the pharmacy web site, and will be available upon request. uses and disclosures we are permitted to make for treatment, payment, and health care operations treatment means the provision, coordination, or management of health care and related services by one or more health care providers. meijer pharmacy is a health care provider. examples of treatment include: dispensing prescription medications to you. coordination or management of your health care. consultation between health care providers regarding you, such as a pharmacist consulting with a prescriber regarding your prescription(s). providing clinical services to you including, but not limited to, immunizations, blood glucose testing, or other health risk assessments. contacting you to follow-up on the care you have received from us. communicating with you about meijer disease state management programs, appointment reminders, refill reminders, adherence programs, treatment alternatives, generic medications and other information pertaining to your prescribed medications or pharmacy care. disclosure to another health care provider involved in your treatment. informing you about health care products and services that we provide and/or general health or government health programs that may be of interest to you. program registrations: for medications subject to a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (rems) program, you may be required to register with an outside company and/or submit diagnostic test results prior to receiving your prescription. once you have enrolled or submitted your test results we may have to disclose information about you, your enrollment, or your test results to those outside companies to continue dispensing the rems medication to you. payment means the activities undertaken by meijer pharmacy to obtain reimbursement for the provision of health care to you. examples of payment include: submitting a prescription claim to your insurance provider to determine your eligibility, your co-pay or co-insurance amount, and to request payment for the pharmacy service we provided to you. payment also may include collections activities, utilization review activities including precertification or prior authorization for pharmacy services. disclosure to another covered entity or health care provider for the payment activities of the entity that receives the information. health care operations means other activities that are related to meijer pharmacy’s provision of health care to you. examples of health care operations include: conducting quality assessment and improvement activities, including outcomes evaluations and development of clinical guidelines, patient safety activities, activities that improve health or reduce health care costs, protocol developments, case management and care coordination, and contacting other health care providers or you regarding treatment alternatives. reviewing competence or qualifications, evaluating performance, and training pharmacy team members. legal services, auditing functions, fraud waste and abuse detection, and compliance programs. business planning. business management including administrative activities; customer service; resolution of grievances; and the sale, transfer, merger or consolidation of a pharmacy unit. creating de-identified information or a limited data set. preparation of prescriptions by a central fill pharmacy owned and operated by meijer. in limited circumstances, disclosure to another covered entity for the health care operations of the entity that receives the information. describing health-related products or services that we provide. uses and disclosures we are permitted to make, or are required by law to make, without your written authorization department of health and human services: we are required by law to release specific information to the secretary of the department of health and human services upon receiving an investigative or compliance request. business associates: when we contract with a vendor (called a business associate) to perform services, we may disclose your information to our business associate so that they can perform the job we have asked them to perform. business associates are required by law and contractual agreement to appropriately safeguard your information. your family and friends: the pharmacy, using professional judgment, may disclose your information to friends or family involved in your health care or payment for your health care and may allow a person involved in your health care or payment for your health care to pick up your prescriptions. we may use or disclose your information to notify or assist in notifying a family member, personal representative, or another person responsible for your care, about your location and general condition. fundraising: we may use limited information for the purpose of raising funds following certain requirements. you will be given the option to opt-out of future fundraising activities. public health activities: meijer may release your information to a public health authority authorized by law for the purpose of: preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability; reporting vital events such as birth or death; or to conduct public health surveillance, investigations or interventions. reporting child abuse or neglect. reporting to the food and drug administration (fda) quality, safety or effectiveness information about fda regulated products or activities including: adverse events, product defects, or product deviations tracking of fda products product recalls, repairs, replacements or lookbacks to conduct post marketing surveillance notification of communicable diseases for intervention or investigation with written notice to you, meijer may report to your employer information for an evaluation relating to medical surveillance of the workplace or to evaluate if you have a work related illness or injury. with your consent, immunization reporting to your school when this information is required by state law for enrollment purposes. victims of abuse, neglect, or domestic violence: we may disclose phi about you to a government authority, such as a social service or protective services agency, if we reasonably believe you are a victim of abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. we will only disclose this type of information to the extent required by law, if you agree to the disclosure, or if the disclosure is allowed by law and we believe it is necessary to prevent serious harm to you or someone else or the law enforcement or public official that is to receive the report represents that it is necessary and will not be used against you. health oversight activities: we may disclose information about you to a health oversight agency for activities authorized by law, including: audits; civil, administrative, or criminal investigations, proceedings, or actions; inspections; licensure or disciplinary actions. other activities necessary for oversight of the health care system, eligibility for government benefit programs, compliance with government regulatory program standards, and compliance with civil rights laws. judicial and administrative proceedings: if you are involved in a lawsuit or a dispute, we may disclose information about you in response to a court or administrative order. we may also disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful process by someone else involved in the dispute, but only if efforts have been made to tell you about the request or to obtain an order protecting the requested information. law enforcement: in limited circumstances, we may disclose your information for law enforcement purposes. these circumstances include: pursuant to legal process such as a court order, court-ordered warrant, subpoena, administrative request, or as otherwise required by law; law enforcement request for assistance in locating a suspect, fugitive, material witness, or missing person; to law enforcement about a crime that has been committed on meijer’s premises. decedents: we may release your information to a coroner or medical examiner. this may be necessary, for example, to identify a deceased person or determine the cause of death. we may also disclose your information to funeral directors consistent with applicable law to carry out their duties. we may release your information to the person who has documented authority to act on your behalf or for your estate. organ or tissue procurement organizations: consistent with applicable law, we may disclose your information to organ procurement organizations or other entities engaged in the procurement, banking, or transplantation of organs for the purpose of tissue donation and transplant. research: we may disclose your information to researchers when their research has been approved by an institutional review board or privacy board that has reviewed the research proposal and established protocols to ensure the privacy of your information and has altered or waived the requirement of your written authorization. to advert a serious threat to health or safety: we may use and disclose phi about you when necessary to prevent a serious and imminent threat to the health and safety of the public or a person, or if necessary for law enforcement authorities to identify or apprehend an individual. for government functions: the pharmacy may release your information for: military and veterans: if you are a member of the armed forces, we may release information about you as required by military command authorities. we may also release information about foreign military personnel to the appropriate military authority. national security and intelligence activities: we may release information about you to authorized federal officials for intelligence, counterintelligence, and other national security activities authorized by law. protective services for the president and others: we may disclose information about you to authorized federal officials so they may provide protection to the president, other authorized persons or foreign heads of state or conduct special investigations. correctional institution: if you are or become an inmate of a correctional institution, we may disclose to the institution or its agents, information necessary for your health and the health and safety of others. worker’s compensation: we may disclose information about you to the extent authorized by and to the extent necessary to comply with laws relating to worker's compensation or other similar programs established by law. required by law: the pharmacy will use or disclose your information as otherwise required by applicable law. breach: we will notify you if your nformation is compromised according to applicable laws. authorizations required: the pharmacy will obtain your written authorization before using or disclosing your information for purposes other than those provided for above (or as otherwise permitted or required by law). you may revoke the authorization in writing at any time. upon receipt of the written revocation, we will stop using or disclosing your information for that purpose, except to the extent that we have already taken action in reliance on the authorization. an authorization is required for: psychotherapy notes. marketing. example: prior to voluntary participation in meijer marketing programs, you will be required to sign an authorization. sale of information that is not otherwise permitted or required by law. your patient rights meijer has designated a privacy specialist to answer questions regarding our privacy practices, respond to information requests, and receive complaints. if you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with the privacy specialist or with the secretary of health and human services. there will be no retaliation for filing a complaint. meijer privacy specialist phone:(1-800-543-3704) and select option 2 2929 walker avenue, n.w. email: privacyspecialist@meijer.com grand rapids, mi 49544 all communications/requests listed below must be made in writing and submitted to the address above. for your convenience, request forms are available at the pharmacy, but are not required. restrictions: you have the right to request restrictions on how meijer pharmacy uses or discloses your pharmacy information. we are not required to agree to most restrictions. your request must be submitted in writing. we will agree to a restriction not to bill your health insurance if your claim is paid in full at the time of purchase and we are not required by law to submit the claim to your health insurance. meijer must receive your written request prior to submitting the claim to your health insurance in the ordinary course of business. confidential communications: you may request that we contact you about pharmacy claims by an alternate means. this may include an alternate address or post office box or at an alternate phone number. your request must be submitted in writing and state how or when you would like to be contacted. we will accommodate all reasonable requests. inspect and receive a copy of your information. you have the right to access and copy information about you held in a designated record set for as long as meijer pharmacy maintains the information. you may verbally request and receive a free printed medical expense statement containing a list of recent prescriptions and their costs at meijer pharmacy or you may login to meijer.com/pharmacy with a userid and password to access your recent prescriptions. the medical expense statement meets most patients’ needs. for access to and copies of information beyond the medical expense statement, you must submit a request in writing. we may charge a fee for the costs of labor, mailing, supplies, and for preparing an affidavit if requested. you may request the copy be prepared in a specific format and be delivered in a hard copy report or on electronic media such as a cd or thumb-drive. you may direct in writing that meijer send your information to a recipient other than yourself. we may deny your request to inspect and copy in certain limited circumstances. if you are denied access to your information, you may request that the denial be reviewed. amendment. you may request that the pharmacy amend your information if you feel that your information is incomplete or incorrect. contact information may be amended at the pharmacy with a verbal request. amendments to your prescription information must be submitted in writing. in addition, you must include a reason that supports your request. in certain cases, we may deny your request for amendment. if we deny your request for amendment, you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with the decision and we may give you a rebuttal to your statement. accounting of disclosures. you have the right to receive an accounting of the disclosures of your information that we have made for most purposes other than treatment, payment, or health care operations. the accounting will exclude disclosures we have made directly to you, disclosures to friends or family members involved in your care, and disclosures for notification purposes. the right to receive an accounting is subject to certain other exceptions, restrictions, and limitations. your request must specify the time period, but may not be longer than six years. the first accounting you request within a 12 month period will be provided free of charge, but you may be charged for the cost of providing additional accountings. we will notify you of the cost involved and you may choose to withdraw or modify your request at that time. copy of this notice. you may request a copy of this notice at any time. even if you have agreed to receive this notice electronically, you are still entitled to a paper copy. to obtain a paper copy, you may request one in person at any meijer pharmacy or by contacting the privacy specialist. log in to your meijer pharmacy online account forgot password? not a meijer pharmacy member? set up an account here find your pharmacy fda methods of disposing of unused medicines if you need to update your patient profile, please contact your local pharmacy. if the pharmacy is closed and you have an emergency, please call your doctor or dial 911. connect with us get exclusive savings every week select a storemeijer.com --------- illinois --------- algonquin - randall rd & stonegate rd aurora - 808 n route 59 berwyn - 7111 cermak rd. bloomingdale - 130 s gary ave bolingbrook - 225 n weber rd bolingbrook - 755 e boughton rd champaign - 2401 n prospect ave elgin - randall rd & college gree evergreen park - 9200 s. western ave. mchenry - 2253 n richmond rd melrose park - 950 w. north ave. niles - 9000 w. golf rd. normal - 1900 e college avenue orland park - 15701 71st court oswego - 2700 route 34 plainfield - 13521 south route 59 rolling meadows - 1301 meijer drive springfield - 4200 conestoga dr st. charles - 855 s randall rd urbana - 2500 s. philo road --------- indiana --------- anderson - 6610 scatterfield rd angola - 2990 n wayne st avon - 10841 e us 36 camby - 10509 heartland blvd carmel - 1424 w carmel dr ft. wayne - 5909 illinois rd ft. wayne - 6309 lima rd ft. wayne - 10301 sr 37 hwy goshen - 4522 elkhart rd greenwood - 150 s marlin dr highland - 10138 indianapolis indianapolis - 8375 e 96th st indianapolis - 11351 e washington st indianapolis - 5349 pike plaza rd indianapolis - 5325 e southport rd jeffersonville - 2750 allison lane kokomo - 2301 e markland ave lafayette - 4901 sr 26 e marion - 3820 s. western ave. merrillville - 611 us 30 michigan city - 5150 s franklin st (us421 mishawaka - 5020 grape rd mishawaka - 3610 s bremen hwy muncie - 6260 w mcgalliard rd new albany - 4222 charlestown rd noblesville - 17000 mercantile blvd. portage - 6050 us-hwy 6 richmond - 2507 chester blvd south bend - 3600 n portage rd warsaw - 1200 us-30 --------- kentucky --------- cold spring - 5400 alexandria pike florence - 4990 houston rd lexington - 2155 paul jones way lexington - 351 meijer way suite 100 louisville - 9905 dixie hwy louisville - 4500 s hurstbourne pkwy louisville - 9500 preston hwy louisville - 4100 towne center dr richmond - 2013 lantern ridge dr. --------- michigan --------- adrian - 217 e us 223 allen park - 3565 fairlane blvd. ann arbor - 3145 ann arbor-saline rd ann arbor - 5645 jackson rd auburn hills - 800 brown rd battle creek - 6405 b drive north battle creek - 2191 columbia avenue west bay city - 2980 e wilder rd bay city - 595 n pine rd belleville - 9701 belleville rd benton harbor - 1920 pipestone rd big rapids - 15400 waldron way birch run - 9515 birch run rd brighton - 8650 w grand river burton - g-2333 s center rd cadillac - 8605 e 34 rd canton - 45001 ford rd cedar springs - 3700 17 mile rd. ne charlotte - 1167 e clinton trail chesterfield - 27255 23 mile rd clinton twp - 40445 s groesbeck hwy. coldwater - 620 e chicago rd commerce twp. - 1703 haggerty rd corunna - 2591 e m-21 davison - 8089 lapeer road dewitt - 12821 crossover drive detroit - 1301 w. eight mile rd. east lansing - 7157 e. saginaw st. east lansing - 1350 w lake lansing rd flint - 2474 w hill rd flint - g-4333 w pierson rd fort gratiot twp - 4775 24th ave fraser - 34835 utica rd gaines twp - 1801 marketplace dr gaylord - 250 meijer drive grand haven - 15000 us 31 grand ledge - 730 e saginaw hwy grand rapids - 1540 28th street se grand rapids - 2425 alpine nw grand rapids - 5531 28th st se grand rapids - 1997 e beltline ne grand rapids - 3757 plainfield ave. ne grand rapids - 315 wilson ave grandville - 3434 century center dr sw greenville - 606 s greenville west dri hartland - 2160 hartland rd. holland - 746 e 16th st holland - 3320 west shore drive howell - 3883 e grand river ionia - 2770 s state rd jackson - 2777 airport rd jackson - 3333 e michigan ave jenison - 0-550 baldwin st kalamazoo - 5800 gull rd kalamazoo - 6660 w main st lansing - 6200 s pennsylvania ave lansing - 5125 w saginaw hwy lapeer - 1555 demill rd lenox - 36865 26 mile rd. lincoln park - 3710 dix highway livonia - 13000 middlebelt rd lowell - 11901 fulton st ludington - 3900 w us 10 madison heights - 1005 e. thirteen mile rd marysville - 205 s range rd mason - 550 hull rd midland - 7300 eastman ave. monroe - 1700 telegraph rd mt. pleasant - 1015 pickard st muskegon - 700 w norton ave muskegon - 5300 s harvey st north muskegon - 1800 holton rd northville - 20401 haggerty rd okemos - 2055 w grand river oxford - 900 n lapeer rd petoskey - 1201 lears rd. plainwell - 1195 m-89 portage - 8850 shaver rd portage - 5121 s westnedge ave rochester hills - 3175 s. rochester rd rochester hills - 3610 marketplace circle rockford - 2799 10 mile rd ne roseville - 30800 little mack royal oak - 5150 coolidge hwy saginaw - 8400 gratiot rd saginaw - 3360 tittabawassee rd southfield - 28800 telegraph rd southgate - 16300 fort st sterling heights - 36600 van dyke ave stevensville - 5019 red arrow highway swartz creek - 4141 morrish rd. taylor - 14640 pardee rd three rivers - 800 us 131 traverse city - 3955 us 31 s utica - 15055 hall rd warren - 29505 mound rd. washington twp - 8401 26 mile rd waterford - 4200 highland rd westland - 37201 warren rd white lake - 6001 highland rd wixom - 49900 grand river ave woodhaven - 22600 allen rd wyoming - 5500 clyde park sw ypsilanti - 3825 carpenter rd --------- ohio --------- bowling green - 2111 e wooster st canal winchester - 8300 meijer drive cincinnati - 3711 stonecreek blvd cincinnati - 888 eastgate n rd cincinnati - 6550 harrison ave cincinnati - 4825b marburg ave columbus - 5555 cleveland ave columbus - 1661 hilliard rd columbus - 5050 n hamilton rd dayton - 9200 n main dayton - 5858 springboro pike defiance - 137 elliot rd delaware - 1380 sunbury rd. dublin - 6175 sawmill rd fairborn - 3822 colonel glenn hwy fairfield - 6325 s gilmore rd findlay - 2200 tiffin ave franklin - 3651 towne blvd grove city - 2811 london-groveport road hamilton - 1560 main st huber heights - 7150 executive blvd. kettering - 4075 wilmington pike lancaster - 2900 columbus-lancaster r lewis center - 8870 columbus pike (us23) lima - 3298 elida rd loveland - 3911 w sr 22-3 mansfield - 1355 n lexington-springmi marion - 2153 marion-mt gilead rd maumee - 1391 conant st milford - 1082 sr 28 oregon - 1725 s wheeling reynoldsburg - 8000 e broad st rossford - 10055 olde us 20 sandusky - 4702 milan rd springfield - 1500 hillcrest ave toledo - 1500 e alexis rd toledo - 7240 w central ave troy - 1900 w main st west chester - 7390 tylersville rd westerville - 100 polaris pkwy i'm over 18 years of age* ( why do you ask? ) and have read the privacy policy and the terms and conditions of use and by using this account, making purchases on www.meijer.com, or otherwise using www.meijer.com, i acknowledge and agree that i am bound by the privacy policy and the terms and conditions of use. *required discover more featured brands holidays & events meijer style help account profile customer care international shipping order status privacy & security product recalls returns shipping information site map about us about meijer business to business careers community newsroom real estate retirees team members vendors meijer stores gas stations gift card mperks pharmacy photo store locator weekly ads your local store services contests healthy living mealbox mpartner deals meijer card services meijer community rewards shopper panel upromise top ways to save coupons & offers 1 day deal mperks online sale weekly ads meijer.com reserves the right to limit quantities (including after you've submitted your order). special pricing and offers are good only while supplies last and may differ from instore pricing and offers. meijer.com often offers a greater selection than what you'll find in our stores. please see our faq , terms and conditions of use, and california transparency in supply chains disclosure for complete details. © copyright 1996-2014 meijer, inc. all rights reserved. view mobile site