来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231213739/https://www.meijer.com/content/meijer/en/terms.html
================================================================================

terms & conditions terms & conditions of use last updated: november 26, 2019 please read these terms and conditions of use carefully introduction these terms and conditions (these “terms”) apply to the meijer websites located at www.meijer.com and all other sites, services, mobile applications, platforms and tools where these terms appear or are linked (each, a “site” and collectively, the “sites”).  as used in these terms, “meijer”, “us”, or “we” refers to meijer great lakes limited partnership and its affiliates. use of the sites by accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the sites, you acknowledge and agree that these terms apply to your use, and you agree to comply with these terms when using the sites. if you do not agree to be bound by these terms each time that you use the sites, or if you do not have the authority or capability to agree to or accept these terms, you must not use the sites.  if you are dissatisfied with the sites or any of their respective content, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the sites. additional terms, conditions, or restrictions may apply to some services offered on the sites and may be found at the place where the relevant service is offered and in any faqs related to that service (“additional terms”).  by using those services, you agree to the additional terms.  the additional terms are incorporated into these terms, and any reference to these terms includes the additional terms.  to the extent that there is a conflict between these terms and the terms, conditions or restrictions particular to an area of the sites, the terms, conditions or restrictions of a particular area of the site will govern. these terms may change unless otherwise provided, meijer reserves the right to modify these terms at any time without prior notice. by continuing to use any of the sites after we post any such changes, you agree to follow and be bound by these terms, as modified. accordingly, you should review these terms for changes whenever you use the sites. intellectual property all of the content that you see and hear on the sites, including text, graphics, logos, designs, page headers, page footers, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips (collectively, the “content”), is owned by meijer or third parties who have licensed the content to meijer. the collection, arrangement, and assembly of all content on the sites is exclusive property of meijer and is protected by united states and international copyright, trademark and other laws.  meijer and its suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all content. the content is intended for your personal and noncommercial use only. you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post, transmit, or create derivative works of or from the content in any form or by any means, except as may be specifically permitted by these terms, pursuant to meijer’s prior written consent, or the written consent of the respective intellectual property owner. in the event of such consent, you will acquire no right, title or interest in any downloaded content or other materials transferred to you by any means. user reviews, comments, and submissions we welcome your reviews, comments, suggestions and other content that you submit to us (“user content”). you agree that any user content will be accurate and will not: violate or facilitate the violation of any law or regulation; violate any right of a third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, or publicity rights; cause injury to any person or entity; and contain, or provide links to, obscene, profane, or threatening language, malware, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, any form of "spam", or any material that could be considered harmful, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, or degrading. you are solely responsible for the user content you submit, and we assume no liability for any user content submitted by you. you acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right (but have no obligation) to do any or all of the following, in our sole discretion: (i) monitor user content; (ii) alter, remove, or refuse to post or allow to be posted any user content; and/or (iii) disclose any user content, and the circumstances surrounding its transmission, to any third party. for any user content you submit, you grant to us a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, display, perform, transmit, copy, modify, delete, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, sell and distribute such user content and to incorporate the user content into any form, medium, or technology, now known or hereafter developed, throughout the world, all without compensation to you. you should not submit any user content that you do not wish to license to us. you grant to us the right to use the name that you submit with the user content, but we have no obligation to use the name with the user content. you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary for you to grant the licenses granted in this section. you further irrevocably waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding user content that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory. content is also provided by third party visitors to the sites. please note that site visitors may post content that is inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive. we neither endorse nor are we responsible for any opinion, advice, information, or statements made by third parties. we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such information or materials. the opinions expressed by third parties reflect solely the opinions of the individuals who submitted them and may not reflect our opinions. inaccuracies the information on the sites may contain errors or inaccuracies and may be incomplete or outdated. we therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). please note that such errors, inaccuracies, or omissions may relate to product image, product description, pricing, and availability.  pricing may vary based on the store selected. cancellations we reserve the right to refuse, modify, or cancel any orders or portion of orders placed through the sites.  for orders paid for through the meijer.com, if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, please contact meijer customer care at 1-877-363-4537, and we will issue you mperks coupons in the amount of your order. limitations on quantity we reserve the right to limit quantities to normal retail purchases (including after you submitted your order). additionally, meijer reserves the right not to sell any products to individuals or businesses that appear to be resellers (as determined in meijer’s sole discretion).  meijer’s business to business (“meijer b2b”) group works with individuals or businesses that desire to purchase products from meijer in bulk or for resale purposes; for more information on meijer b2b sales or to contact a representative of the meijer b2b sales team, please make inquiries with the meijer b2b team at b2b.agent@meijer.com. returns if you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may return it in accordance with our return policy.   our return policy is incorporated into these terms in its entirety. the return policy does not apply to shopmeijer purchases.  please see the shopmeijer section of these terms for more information on returning items purchased through www.shopmeijer.com or the shopmeijer mobile application. passwords, pins and security if you use a password or pin to access the sites, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and pin and for restricting access to your accounts.  you accept responsibility for all activities that occur on your account or with your password and/or pin. in the event that the confidentiality of your accounts, password, or pin is compromised in any manner, you will notify us immediately. we reserve the right to take any and all action that we deem necessary or reasonable to ensure the security of the sites and your account, including without limitation, terminating your account, changing your password and/or pin, or requesting information to authorize transactions on your accounts. notwithstanding the above, we may rely on the authority of anyone accessing your accounts or using your passwords or pin and in no event will meijer be held liable to you for any liabilities or damages resulting from or arising out of (i) any action or inaction of us under this provision, (ii) any compromise of the confidentiality of your accounts, passwords, or pins, and (iii) any unauthorized access to your accounts or use of your passwords or pins. you agree to defend, indemnify and hold meijer harmless from and against all third party claims, damages, and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) against or incurred by meijer arising out of your use or access of the sites or any breach of these terms. colors colors of the products on the sites are displayed as accurately as possible. because the colors of products will look differently on different computer monitors, however, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be the same as the color of the product received. gift cards terms and conditions applicable to the purchase and use of meijer gift cards are available here. in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the gift card terms and conditions and these terms, the gift card terms and conditions will control. children the sites are intended for access and use by persons 13 years of age or older.  persons under 18 may access or use the sites only under the supervision of a parent or guardian who agrees to be bound by these terms.  if there is a violation of this prohibition, the minor’s parent or guardian will be liable for such purchase or other violation. if you are a parent or guardian, you are charged with monitoring and supervising the use of the sites by minors under your care. you agree to be responsible for their use of the sites in all respects. links to other websites meijer makes no representations whatsoever about any other website that you may access through the sites. when you access a non-meijer website, please understand that it is independent from meijer, and that meijer has no control over the content on that website. in addition, a hyperlink to a non-meijer website does not mean that meijer endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of the linked website. it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use or download is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature. if you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the sites, you do this entirely at your own risk. disclaimers—general the sites are operated and run on an "as is," "as available" basis. meijer makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the sites or the information, content, materials, or products included on the sites (collectively the “sites’ content”). to the fullest extent permitted by law, meijer disclaims any and all representations and warranties with respect to the sites and sites’ content, whether express, implied, or statutory, including, but not limited to, warranties of title, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use.  this disclaimer does not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the item. you acknowledge by your use of the sites that your use of the sites is at your sole risk. disclaimers –– health, wellness, and nutrition information the health, wellness, and nutrition information contained in the sites is intended as an educational aid only. it is not intended as medical advice for individual conditions or treatment. it is not a substitute for a medical exam, nor does it replace the need for services provided by medical professionals. talk to your doctor before taking any prescription or over the counter drugs (including any herbal medicines or supplements), following any treatment or regimen, or exercise program. only your doctor can provide you with advice on what is safe and effective for you. the health, wellness, and nutrition information contained in the sites concerning herbal medicine contains information about herbal therapies and other dietary supplements, which are not regulated in the united states by the food and drug administration. additionally, the manufacture and distribution of herbal substances is not regulated in the united states. you should discuss use of these substances with your doctor prior to taking any herbal or other dietary supplement. limitation of liability under no circumstances will meijer or any of its employees, directors, officers, agents, vendors or suppliers be liable for any direct or indirect losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the sites.  this is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all losses and damages of any kind (whether general, special, consequential, incidental, exemplary or otherwise, including, without limitation, loss of data, income or profits), whether in contract, negligence or other tortious action, even if an authorized representative of meijer has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of liability set forth above, so this limitation of liability may not apply to you. if any part of this limitation of liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then the aggregate liability of meijer under such circumstances for liabilities that otherwise would have been limited will not exceed one hundred dollars ($100). applicable law by accessing and using the sites, you agree that your access, use, and participation is subject to, governed by, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of michigan, united sates of america, excluding its conflict of laws provisions. regardless of where you access the sites, you agree that any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the sites shall be submitted to and resolved exclusively by confidential and binding arbitration under the rules then prevailing of the american arbitration association in grand rapids, michigan, except for intellectual property claims that meijer may have against you. the arbitrator shall apply michigan law, and the arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under these terms shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these terms, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. if any part of this arbitration provision is found to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the rest of this provision shall remain in effect. termination notwithstanding any of these terms, we reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the sites and to block or prevent future access to and use of all or any portion of the sites (i) if you violate any of these terms, (ii) for any other reason, or (iii) for no reason. we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the sites.  upon termination, these terms will still apply. consent to email communication when you access or use the sites or send email to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically and agree that we may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the sites. legal equivalency this electronic document and any other electronic documents, policies, and guidelines incorporated herein will be: (i) deemed for all purposes to be a "writing" or "in writing," and to comply with all statutory, contractual, and other legal requirements for a writing: (ii) legally enforceable as a signed writing as against the parties subject to the electronic documents; and (iii) deemed an "original" when printed from electronic records established and maintained in the ordinary course of business. electronic documents introduced as evidence in any judicial, arbitration, mediation or administrative proceeding will, if established and maintained in the ordinary course of business, be admissible to the same extent as business records in written form that are similarly established and maintained. waiver an intentional or unintentional waiver by meijer of any provision in these terms on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of that provision on any subsequent occasion and a waiver of any provision shall not affect or alter the remaining provisions. privacy we have adopted a privacy policy that you should refer to in order to fully understand how we use and collect information on the sites and by other means. to learn about our privacy practices, please refer to our privacy policy. electronics recycling for indiana purchasers, information regarding the recycling of electronic products (including where, how, and opportunities and locations for household recycling of video display devices) can be found at the recycle indiana site http://www.in.gov/idem/recycle/2373.htm. shopmeijer to become a member of shopmeijer: complete the member survey on www.shopmeijer.com or in the shopmeijer mobile application to verify that shopmeijer is available in your area; select the membership plan that works best for you; and register with a valid email address and major credit card and create a password. all of the information above is required to become a shopmeijer member and must be accurate, current and complete.  by becoming a member, you agree that we or our service provider may save your payment information for your convenience. meijer cannot accept wic, ebt, food stamps, bottle return slips, coinstar, or coupons, including mperks coupons and rewards, for shopmeijer purchases. your order total will be estimated and may change with any item revisions, substitutions or promotional offers.  a pre-authorization of your payment method will be issued for your order value, plus an allowance for special requests and substitutions.  once your order is complete, you will receive a receipt and your card will be charged only for the amount shown on your final order receipt. please check with your bank regarding when preauthorization amounts will be released. your plan will automatically renew at the end of the term unless you cancel your membership.  to cancel your shopmeijer membership, please contact shipt, inc., our service provider, at support@shipt.com or (205) 502-2500, monday – friday 5am – 5pm (pacific). if your payment method is declined, we will attempt to process your charge until the transaction is approved.  we, and our third party payment service providers, may request and receive updated credit card information from your credit card issuer, such as updated card numbers and expiration date information when your credit card has expired.  if such updated information is provided to us and our third-party payment service providers, we will update your account information accordingly and will use such updated information to process payments for your future purchases and subscriptions.  your credit card issuer may give you the right to opt out of providing vendors and third-party-payment service providers with your updated credit card information. contact your credit card issuer directly if you wish to opt out of the credit card updating service. we are not responsible for any fees or charges that your bank or credit card issuer may apply.  if your bank or credit card issuer reverse a charge to your credit card, we may bill your account directly and seek payment through another method, including mailed statement. the risk of loss and title for items purchased by your through shopmeijer passes to you upon our delivery of the items to you.  replacement of products or credits to your account for merchandise claimed by you as not received is subject to our investigation.  after our investigation, we may, in our sole discretion, credit your account. you can report an issue with your purchase within 7 days of your shopmeijer order. if there is an issue with an item, please tell us on www.shopmeijer.com or in the shopmeijer mobile application. if your purchase includes alcohol, you must be 21 to place the order and each delivery must be received by a person at least 21 years of age and show proof of id. please note that your use of www.shopmeijer.com and the shopmeijer mobile application are governed by these terms.  your use of www.shipt.com and the shipt mobile application are governed by the terms of service located at: https://www.shipt.com/terms-of-service/. meijer.com delivery and pickup orders some products offered on the sites are available for delivery and/or pickup at select stores and not all items are available for these services.  please see the meijer delivery and pickup faqs for more specific details on the service, including what happens if an item in your order is unavailable and any applicable service fees. meijer cannot accept wic, ebt, food stamps, bottle return slips, coinstar or mobile payments during meijer curbsidesm pickup. your order total will be estimated and may change with any item revisions, substitutions or promotional offers.  a pre-authorization of your payment method will be issued for your order value, plus an allowance for special requests and substitutions.  once your order is complete, you will receive a receipt and your card will be charged only for the amount shown on your final order receipt. please check with your bank regarding when preauthorization amounts will be released. meijer reserves the right to discontinue or change any promotion or offer on the sites at any time, for any reason, and without notice.  if you attempt to use a promotion or offer that has been discontinued or changed, no discount will be given on the product purchased. you can order up to three days in advance and schedule a pickup time based on availability of appointment times at your chosen store. if you miss your scheduled pickup time, we will hold your order until 9 p.m. local time on the scheduled pickup day. if your order has not been picked up by that time, your order will be canceled. mperks® program mperks is meijer’s digital coupons and rewards program. all meijer.com accounts include access to the mperks® program. please see the mperks® faqs for more specific details on the program. unless otherwise provided on the coupon, coupons are limited to one use per coupon and exclude travel and trial size products. no cash back. cannot double or triple coupon. product may not be available in all stores. a limit of 160 coupons can be clipped at one time. see individual offers and coupons for additional terms and exclusions. mperks® rewards for pharmacy all meijer.com accounts include enrollment in the mperks® rewards for pharmacy (“pharmacy rewards program”), which is governed by the following additional terms: 1. in order for eligible prescriptions to earn rewards, you must enter your mperks account number at the register used to pay for eligible prescriptions. 2. the prescriptions listed below are not eligible for the pharmacy rewards program.  you will not earn rewards for purchasing/receiving such ineligible prescriptions. prescriptions subject to reimbursement by state or federal healthcare benefit plans are not eligible for the pharmacy rewards program. ineligible state or federal healthcare programs include: (1) state medicaid, including managed care medicaid; (2) federal medicare parts b and d; (3) federal tricare and champus; and (4) state chips (children’s health insurance programs). prescriptions dispensed under the meijer free drug program. prescriptions delivered by meijer pharmacy to hospital rooms. 3. prescriptions that earn rewards under the pharmacy rewards program may not be rebilled to any of the ineligible state or federal healthcare benefit plans listed in paragraph 2 above, unless meijer chooses, in its sole and absolute discretion, to make an exception for retroactive medicaid eligibility. if you apply to earn rewards or knowingly cause meijer to issue rewards for ineligible prescriptions in violation of this provision, meijer reserves the right to permanently exclude you from further participation in the pharmacy rewards program by preventing you from clipping rewards. 4. whenever you request that meijer pharmacy dispense less than the item quantity ordered by the prescribing physician, the prescription shall be deemed ineligible for purposes of earning rewards under the pharmacy rewards program. a violation of this provision by you may result in you being excluded from further participation in the pharmacy rewards program. 5. you may earn one (1) credit entitling you to clip a regular reward after filling five (5) eligible prescriptions or earn two (2) credits entitling you to clip a double reward after filling ten (10) eligible prescriptions. 6. the regular reward is $5 off total purchase at meijer, excluding certain items like prescriptions and alcoholic beverages. 7. the double reward is $10 off total purchase at meijer, excluding certain items like prescriptions and alcoholic beverages. 8. unused credits will expire twelve (12) months after credit has been earned. 9. meijer reserves the right to change any term or condition of the pharmacy rewards program or terminate the pharmacy rewards program, in whole or in part without notice. you will be deemed to have accepted any such changes through continued participation in the pharmacy rewards program. 10. rewards are not transferrable to another mperks account and cannot be redeemed for cash. if you allow the use of your mperks account number by anyone other than you, all terms and conditions set forth above will apply and you agree that any violation of those terms and conditions by such third party may result in exclusion of you from participation in the pharmacy rewards program. meijer credit card digital rewards by opting in to receive your rewards digitally, you’ll be able to clip and redeem your meijer credit card rewards with mperks instead of receiving them by mail. simply visit the meijer credit card tab in the rewards section of mperks to enroll.  use of meijer credit card digital rewards is governed by the meijer credit card digital rewards terms & conditions. claims of copyright infringement we disclaim any responsibility or liability for copyrighted materials posted on the sites.  if you believe that your work has been copied in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow the procedures set forth below. meijer respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act, we will respond promptly to notices of alleged infringement that are reported to meijer’s designated copyright agent, identified below. if you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through our sites by sending us a notice ("copyright notice") complying with the following requirements. 1. identify the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed. 2. identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and that access to which is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the url of the link shown on the site where such material may be found. 3. provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address. 4. include both of the following statements in the body of the copyright notice: "i hereby state that i have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)." "i hereby state that the information in this copyright notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that i am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed." 5. provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature. deliver this copyright notice, with all items completed, to our copyright agent: meijer great lakes limited partnership 2929 walker ave., nw grand rapids, mi 49544 phone: 616-735-8092 email: legal-notices@meijer.com for all other questions, please contact meijer customer care at 1-877-363-4537. meijer’s corporate address 2929 walker, nw, grand rapids, mi 49544 help customer care food safety product recalls returns contact us about our ads price adjustments accessibility company about meijer careers community newsroom simply give team members diversity & inclusion health & safety businesses real estate business to business vendor portal fleet service cards stores store locator gas stations delivery/pickup new stores gift cards cakes & deli optical connect with us facebook twitter pinterest youtube instagram help customer care food safety product recalls returns contact us about our ads price adjustments accessibility company about meijer careers community newsroom simply give team members diversity & inclusion health & safety businesses real estate business to business vendor portal fleet service cards stores store locator gas stations delivery/pickup new stores gift cards cakes & deli optical connect with us facebook twitter pinterest youtube instagram terms and conditions of use privacy statement faq site map ©copyright 1996-2020 meijer, inc. all rights reserved.