来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211230203652/https://www.meijer.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy meijer privacy policy introduction we collect personal information on our websites and through our various promotional programs including, but not limited to, mperks, text alerts, email messaging, coupons, and postal mailers ("promotional programs"). the following privacy policy (the “policy”) applies to the meijer website located at www.meijer.com (the “site”) and all other sites, services, mobile applications, platforms and tools where this policy appears or is linked (collectively the “sites”), personal information we may collect from you at our stores, all meijer promotional programs, and generally to meijer's collection of personal information. unless otherwise provided on the applicable website, this policy does not apply to any websites linked to the sites operated by our retail partners, including, but not limited to the following retail partner: meijer optical (us vision) and meijer photo (lifepics). this policy also does not apply to any websites linked to the sites operated by our partners providing financial products and/or specialty services to our customers, including, but not limited to the following partners: meijer credit cards and charge cards (citibank), third party home delivery services (shipt, instacart, and doordash), and the simplr protection plans available for certain customer purchases (asurion). these websites are not owned or operated by us and not under our control. they have their own privacy policies. your use of our in-store wifi is also covered by the privacy policy of extreme networks, inc. located at: http://www.extremenetworks.com/company/legal/privacy/ or juniper networks located at: https://www.juniper.net/us/en/privacy-policy/. you may want to review the privacy policies of these sites and how they collect and use personal information. additionally, your use of the sites is subject to our terms and conditions of use located at: www.meijer.com/legal_notice.cms. please note that the pharmacy portion of our site has its own notice of privacy practices because of requirements by the federal government. you can find that notice linked to the meijer pharmacy webpage located at: www.meijer.com/services/pharmacy. privacy and security meijer has adopted policies that govern our collection and use of personal information and we expect our team members to comply with these policies. we are accountable for complying with these policies and will take reasonable and timely steps to ensure compliance. personal information is information about you that is not publicly available and can identify you, such as your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. what personal information do we collect? when you visit the sites, we automatically recognize a variety of information, including but not limited to, your domain name, ip address, your device’s operating system, browser type, the address of the web page you're coming from and of those pages you visit on our sites. we may store that information and use it to personalize content presented to you. we use this data in the aggregate to determine how much our customers use parts of our sites so we can improve it. but, we don't automatically recognize or collect your name, email address, home address or telephone number unless you have specifically provided this information to us on the sites or we have obtained it from offline data. we do collect personal information consisting of the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, the email addresses of those who make postings to user-generated content areas, and information that customers volunteer, such as survey information and the information provided to enter an online sweepstakes. we may collect mobile and other phone numbers as part of our promotional programs and we may also collect your name with your phone number when you register for our promotional programs. you may choose not to provide this information, but then you will not be eligible to participate in the applicable promotional program. when you order goods (including meijer gift cards) available for purchase on our sites, we collect additional personal information including your name, address, phone number, credit card or other payment information (including account numbers and expiration dates), and "ship-to" name and address, if different than your name and address. we collect credit card account numbers and expiration dates each time you make a purchase so that we can process the transaction. you should note that all purchases of meijer gift cards are also subject to our gift card terms and conditions that can be viewed here. we and our partners collect information about you when you visit the sites, such as the pages you visit and information you view. we may do this by any or all of the following: cookies, flash cookies, pixel tags (also called clear gifs, web beacons, or web bugs), and/or iframes. cookies, flash cookies, pixel tags and/or iframes may be placed by meijer or by one of our partners. the information we collect helps us better manage the sites, provides ease of use of the sites for you, and provides more effective marketing to you. we use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on the sites. we may disclose your personal and transactional information with these third party advertising partners and their service providers in order to deliver to you banner ads and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain third party websites. the service providers may also collect information over time about your visits to the sites as well as other third party web sites and your interaction with our products and services by use of cookies, flash cookies or pixel tags for marketing/advertising purposes. in addition to collecting personal information on our sites and through the promotional programs, we also collect personal information from meijer in-store transactions and data provided by third parties. at times we match personal information we collect from users of the sites and our promotional programs with this offline data in order to carry out our services and conduct and measure the performance of targeted advertising and promotions more effectively. interest-based advertising choices meijer uses “interest-based” advertising to deliver personalized ads to you. in order to enable these ads, meijer or its partners may place browser “cookies” on your computer and use other technologies, as noted in this privacy policy, in order to recognize your browser across the web.  you have choices about whether certain information collected on websites, including meijer’s, is used to customize advertising based on predictions generated from your visits over time and across different websites and apps. when you see the ad choices icon on an advertisement you can click on the icon to see additional information on the companies and data practices that were used to deliver the ad and a description of how you may opt out of these advertising programs. you may visit http://www.youradchoices.com/ to learn more or to opt-out of the interest-based advertising activities of a significant number of parties.  the opt-out provided by the network advertising initiative (nai) http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ provides additional opt-out options. similarly, many mobile devices offer controls you can set to limit the use of interest-based information for ad serving that is collected across mobile apps. another way to make ad choices on mobile devices is using the digital advertising alliance's “app choices” app, described here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/appchoices/id894822870?mt=8. please note that many opt outs use browser cookies or device controls and are specific to the device and browser you are using. if you change web browsers or devices or delete the cookies on your computer, you may need to opt out again. you also can limit the collection of certain website information by deleting or disabling cookies. most computers’ internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. disabling cookies may prevent you from using specific features on our sites and other websites, such as ordering products or services and maintaining an online account. cookies must be enabled, however, for you to use certain services as well as for the opt-outs to work. how do we use your personal information? all personal information that we collect may be used to improve our sites, used to customize the content or layout of our sites pages for individual visitors, used to notify customers about updates to the sites, used by us and our service providers to contact customers for marketing purposes, used to communicate with our customers about their orders or accounts (transactional and administrative messages), and used for product recalls. we may also share your personal information with strategic partners that perform services or functions for us (such as issuing the meijer credit card; credit card payment processing; order processing, fulfillment and delivery; ad operations; data analytics; marketing; shopping profiles; generating insights; and predictive analytics). our strategic partners’ activities are subject to appropriate confidentiality obligations. we may also share your personal information with third parties to allow their customers to reach specific audiences with advertising and measure its effectiveness. we may also share aggregated data with third parties. aggregated data is gathered from many different customers and does not contain any personal information. we may use your personal information combined with your meijer store shopping information to provide special offers tailored to your interests. we may also disclose your personal information to a third party if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by the law, is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, imminent bodily harm, or to protect our company or another individual or business. this may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts or other government entities. specifically, we operate cameras in our stores for security and operational purposes and may provide information we collect from our in-store security cameras to third party loss prevention specialists or to law enforcement to assist in their investigations of the crime, but generally will not link security camera information to other information we've collected unless there is a security need. our use of your personal information will be consistent with this policy. from time to time, we may use your personal information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. if our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post changes to this policy on our sites to notify you of these changes. if you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should check back at the sites periodically. if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner. in such a case, your information would remain subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy policy. what about the privacy rights of children? just like you, we're especially aware of children's privacy issues. we know that parents are justifiably concerned about their children's activities online and what's being done with the information they reveal. that's why we will never intentionally collect information from children under 13, with the exception of email addresses used only for reply purposes. if you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us at webprivacy@meijer.com. what security measures are in place with respect to my information? • we use prevailing industry practices to protect your account data information (including credit card numbers). while we are diligently working to protect your information, you are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, and misuse. we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information, and your personal information is provided to us at your own risk. • you may also want to read the ftcs helpful information about privacy and identity. how can you manage your personal information? when you go to www.meijer.com or www.mperks.com, you can sign-in and manage your account information. you can also access your account using the meijer mobile app or by visiting accounts.meijer.com. once signed in, you can (1) change your personal profile, (2) unsubscribe from meijer emails (other than administrative emails), and (3) manage your subscriptions to certain promotional programs. if you’ve previously opted in to mperks text messaging, you have expressly consented to (1) having automated text messages sent to the phone number that you provided in your mperks enrollment until you opt-out of receiving such messages as outlined below; and (2) receiving up to 12 messages per month. please check with your carrier to see if your carrier is supported and for any message and data rates that your carrier may apply. if you later opt-out of receiving mperks text messages, meijer may still send you text messages for any other programs in which you are enrolled. your participation in mperks text messaging is not a condition of sale. if you've previously opted in to text messaging, you may opt-out of any or all of the programs to which you are subscribed using the following methods: for all meijer text messaging programs, text stop to 634537; for meijer offers and events text messaging: (1) call 800-313-2912; or (2) text stoppromo to 634537; for mperks text messaging, text stopmperks to 634537; for gas alert text messaging, (1) call 800-313-2912; or (2) text endgas to 634537. some browsers have a "do not track" feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. these features are not yet uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals. if you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this policy will stop. social network widgets and ad operations we use social network services for advertising and marketing. we may also use their sharing widgets. in each of these cases, social networks use cookies that can identify its members personally even if its members are unaware that social network code is running on the site. if you have questions about your social network’s privacy controls, you should visit its settings page and privacy policy. your consent by using our sites or participating in any promotional programs, you consent to meijer's collection and use of your personal information as set forth in this policy. by opting in to mperks text messaging, you consent to such messages being sent using an automatic telephone dialing system, and you are not required to opt in to text messaging as a condition of any purchase. if you do not agree with this policy or any of its terms, you may choose not to use our sites or participate in promotional programs. this privacy policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. meijer reserves the right to amend this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new policy via postings on our sites. your continued use of the sites and participation in promotional programs following the posting of changes to this policy constitutes your acceptance of those changes. if you have any questions or comments you may contact us at: direct mail address: meijer legal department 2929 walker, nw grand rapids, mi 49544 email address: webprivacy@meijer.com phone: 877-e-meijer policy revisions and updates this policy will continue to be reviewed and revised as changes occur in meijer's business and technology or to laws that affect this policy. all information collected is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use. changes will be posted on the sites with an updated effective date. please check our sites periodically to see the current policy. last revision date: july 13, 2021 help customer care food safety product recalls returns contact us about our ads price adjustments accessibility usda organic company about meijer careers community newsroom simply give team members former team members diversity & inclusion health & safety sustainability businesses vendor hub supplier diversity real estate business to business fleet service cards stores meijer gas stations delivery/pickup new stores gift cards cakes & deli optical connect with us facebook twitter pinterest youtube instagram help customer care food safety product recalls returns contact us about our ads price adjustments accessibility usda organic company about meijer careers community newsroom simply give team members former team members diversity & inclusion health & safety sustainability businesses vendor hub supplier diversity real estate business to business fleet service cards stores meijer gas stations delivery/pickup new stores gift cards cakes & deli optical connect with us facebook twitter pinterest youtube instagram terms and conditions of use privacy statement faq site map © copyright 1996-2021 meijer, inc. all rights reserved.