来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121106212107/http://www.crownandcaliber.com/terms-of-service/
================================================================================

crown & caliber terms and conditions - terms of service about us our movement trade-in program why sell? watches we buy breitling cartier omega patek philippe rolex tag heuer all other brands what we pay the process faqs home » terms and conditions terms and conditions in the terms and conditions set forth below (the “terms and conditions”), the terms “you” and “your” refer to the person or persons sending a watch or other item or items containing gold, platinum, silver, titanium, other precious metals, gemstones (including but not limited to diamonds, rubies, sapphires and emeralds), or any combination thereof (hereinafter referred to as “merchandise”) to crown & caliber, llc (“crown & caliber”) for sale to, and purchase by, crown & caliber or a third-party purchaser (referred to herein as a “third-party purchaser”), for whom crown & caliber will act as a facilitator of such sale and purchase (hereinafter referred to as “transaction”) or using crownandcaliber.com (the “site”).  “we,” “our,” and “us” refer to crown & caliber and its successors and assigns. these terms and conditions are binding on every crown & caliber customer and shall apply to all business dealings between you and crown & caliber, and any third-party purchaser, including, but not limited to, your use of the site, the transaction, and any other services provided to you by crown and caliber.  you hereby make representations and warranties to crown & caliber, regardless of whether a transaction is consummated and whether crown & caliber is the purchaser of the merchandise, and any third-party purchaser, if a third-party purchaser purchases the merchandise, and agree to the terms and conditions, in each case as set forth in the terms and conditions, by your use of the site and/or by sending merchandise to crown & caliber. ownership of merchandise you  hereby represent and warrant to crown & caliber and any third-party purchaser that (i) you are at least eighteen (18) years of age; (ii) you have good and marketable title to the merchandise; (iii) you have full authority to sell, transfer, and convey the merchandise; (iv) you are the legal and equitable owner of any and all merchandise offered to be sold to crown & caliber; (v) you are acting on your own behalf, and not as another’s agent or representative; (vi) the merchandise is sold free of all liens, encumbrances, liabilities, and adverse claims of every nature and description whatsoever; (vii) you will not send in materials containing the following: arsenic, beryllium, bismuth, cadmium, mercury, nickel, lead, antimony, selenium, tin, tellurium or any other harmful, toxic, or poisonous elements; (viii) the merchandise is not from, or the result of, illegal activity, including theft or fraud; (ix) any transaction initiated by you will not cause crown & caliber to be in violation of any anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, or other applicable state or federal law of the united states of america any state or any foreign country; and (x) crown & caliber reserves the right and you hereby agree to provide additional documentation and/or information concerning yourself and/or any merchandise, including all documentation or information necessary for crown & caliber to comply with local, state and federal law. describing your merchandise you hereby agree that any description of the merchandise that you provide to us, whether on the packing slip included in the shipping materials provided by us (“shipping package”) or otherwise, will be true, complete, and accurate at the time you submit such description to us. if we determine, in our sole discretion, that there are significant discrepancies between the merchandise as described by you and the merchandise we receive, or if no description of the merchandise was included in the shipping package or other package used by you to ship the merchandise, we may suspend or terminate the transaction without notice to you. notwithstanding anything in these terms and conditions to the contrary, in the event that we terminate the transaction because the merchandise shipped by you is determined by crown & caliber, in our sole discretion, to have an altered/mutilated serial number or to be a counterfeit or a replica copy, we will notify you in writing and will ship your merchandise to you, at your cost, within 5 business days of our receipt of your shipping instructions and payment therefor (if a valid account number with the designated shipper is not provided); provided, however, that you hereby agree that crown & caliber may dispose of the merchandise if we do not receive shipping instructions and payment for all shipping costs from you within 30 days of the date on which crown & caliber sends you written notice that the transaction has been terminated. in the event that crown & caliber terminates the transaction for any other breach of the representations and warranties made by you in connection with your description of the merchandise, crown & caliber will ship your merchandise to you within 5 business days at our cost by the shipper shipping method of our choosing, and you agree that we will only be responsible for insuring the value of your merchandise up to $100. inbound shipping, costs; loss or damage guarantee you can select to send your merchandise to us using a shipping package, which you can request from our website.  a shipping package will include all of the shipping and packaging materials for you to ship the merchandise to us at our expense. if you send us your merchandise using a shipping package we will purchase insurance to cover your merchandise in the event it is lost damaged for up to $1,000, once it is processed by the national courier selected by us to ship the shipping package (the “shipper”).  in the event that your package is lost we will require that you: provide proof of shipping receipt, provide receipt of proof that goods are lost, and file a claim within 30 days of loss.  in the event your package was damaged we will require that you: provide proof of shipping receipt, provide receipt of proof that goods are damaged, demonstrate that the package was not damaged prior to shipping, and file a claim within 30 days of loss.  if you believe that you need additional coverage, then it is your responsibility to contact us so that we can provide such additional coverage at our expense before sending us your merchandise. you can contact us by telephone at (800) 514- 3750 to arrange for additional coverage or for shipping instructions. to the extent that certain accessories related to the merchandise such as but not limited to a watch box, tools, manuals and papers (collectively referred to as “accessories”) are unable to safely fit inside of the shipping package, crown & caliber will provide you with a shipping label so that you can arrange for sufficient packaging, shipping costs and insurance (“ancillary package”) for all accessories. crown & caliber will pay up to $25 for the ancillary package. to the extent crown & caliber is charged more than $25 for the accessory package, all amount above $25 will be deducted from the final price paid to you for your merchandise. therefore it is your responsibility to ensure the cost of the ancillary package remains at or below $25 otherwise you will be charged. notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall bear the risk of loss with respect to all merchandise until such merchandise is actually received by crown & caliber. receipt of merchandise we videotape the opening and the contents of each package of merchandise we receive. we will retain the video for 10 days after we receive your merchandise. you may make arrangements with us to order a copy of the video for an additional fee. we reserve the right, at our sole discretion and without notice to you, to reject any inbound package, including any merchandise not shipped via a shipping package. for purposes of these terms and conditions, any inbound package that we reject will not be deemed to have been “received” by us. determining our offer we will determine our estimate of the value of your merchandise using factors that we deem to be appropriate.  in order to value your merchandise, we may need to open the watch and remove gemstones and other items from the watch.  you hereby authorize us to open the watch, remove gemstones and other items from the watch, and take such other actions as we deem reasonably necessary to accurately value your merchandise, including without limitation sending your merchandise, at no cost to you, to a potential third-party purchaser.   you hereby authorize us to communicate with any potential third-party purchaser regarding you and your merchandise and to disclose all information provided to or obtained by us relating to you and/or your merchandise to any potential third-party purchaser.  upon processing your merchandise, we will notify you by email (an “offer notice”) of our offer or of an offer from a potential third-party purchaser of payment for your merchandise (“offer”). accepting or rejecting our offer you may accept the offer by replying to the email containing the offer notice (as instructed in the offer notice) or by not replying to us in any way within 72 hours after we send you an offer notice.  in order to reject the offer, you must decline the offer within 72 hours after we send you an offer notice by replying to the email containing the offer notice in compliance with the procedures stated in the offer notice.  if you decline the offer within the time frame set forth above, and do not authorize us to hold your merchandise for a longer period in order to make you another offer, then we will ship your merchandise to you at the address indicated in our records within 5 business days at no cost to you, and will insure your merchandise for full value of the offer.  if you have not declined our offer within the time frame set forth above, then you will be deemed to have accepted the offer. payment for your merchandise we will issue payment for the merchandise in the amount stated in the offer (the “purchase price”) via the method of payment you previously selected at the address you provided on your package sent to us within 5 business days of your acceptance of the offer. alternatively, if you did not previously select a method of payment on your package, then payment of the purchase price shall be made via crown & caliber check by united states postal service and mailed to you at the address listed in our records within 5 business days of your acceptance of the offer.  you can contact us at (800) 514- 3750 or info@crownandcaliber.com to receive payment of your purchase price faster via wire transfer. all sales final all sales are final. no refunds, returns or credits are permitted.  if you have elected to receive the purchase price by check, the transaction is final once crown & caliber has sent a check to the address you provided.   if you have elected to receive the purchase price by wire transfer, the transaction is final once a wire transfer has been initiated. payment by wire transfer if you elect payment by wire transfer we reserve the rights to charge a nominal fee of $4.99, to be deducted from the offer.  please note that your bank may charge a fee for you to receive the wire transfer from us.  we have no control over the fees your bank may charge you, and it is your responsibility to determine and accept these fees before requesting wire transfer as your method of payment. returned merchandise outbound insurance, costs, insurance in the event that your merchandise is returned to you in accordance with these terms and conditions, we will ship your merchandise to you at your address as it appears in our records via the shipper shipping method of our choosing at our expense, and will purchase insurance coverage through the shipper for the merchandise for the full value of the rejected offer. if a package containing your merchandise is lost in transit while being returned to you in accordance with these terms and conditions, we will file a claim with shipper and pay you the full amount received by us from the shipper. rules governing your use of the site you are entirely responsible for any harm resulting from your use of the site. crown & caliber does not warrant that the function or operation of the site will be error free, that the site or the server that makes it available will be free of viruses or other harmful elements.  as a user, you assume full responsibility for any costs, expenses, losses, or damages incurred by you in connection, resulting from, or arising out of the use of the site.  the information provided on the site is provided on “as is” basis, and crown and caliber makes no warranty as to the accuracy or completeness thereof you represent and warrant that: (i) you will not use the site for any unauthorized purpose including collecting user names and/or email addresses of other users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other electronic communications; (ii) you will not access the site through the use of scripts, bots or other automated means; (iii) you will not access the site through any means other than through the interface that we provide to you or engage in unauthorized framing of, or linking to, the site unless otherwise specifically authorized by us in a separate written agreement; (iv) you will not transmit chain letters, bulk or junk email or interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the site or the networks or services connected to the site, including, without limitation, hacking into the site; (v) you will not impersonate any other person or entity, provide false or misleading identification or address information, or invade the privacy, or violate the personal or proprietary right, of any person or entity; (vi) you will not circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the site or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any intellectual property (as defined in “our intellectual property rights” below) or enforce limitations on use of the site or the materials on the site; and (vii) you will not cause to appear any pop-up, pop-under, exit windows, expanding buttons, banners, advertisements or anything else that minimizes, covers or inhibits the full display of the site. our intellectual property rights the site, all materials on the site, including, but not limited to the logos, sales copy, images, navigational aids, illustrations, and all of such items that provide to you in tangible form (the “intellectual property”), are owned by and the property of us or our affiliates and licensors and are protected from unauthorized use, distribution and copying by united states trademark law and copyright law, foreign laws and international conventions and other intellectual property laws. in order to use any intellectual property, you must obtain our written consent prior to your use.  we reserve all rights not expressly granted by these terms and conditions. electronic signature for purposes of the transaction, you hereby agree to the use of electronic signatures, receipt of notices by e-mail, use of electronic contracts, and to accept these terms and conditions by electronic means. you agree that clicking the submit box at the end of the crown & caliber get started form constitutes your electronic signature. limitation of liability the site and the information contained therein is provided on an “as is” basis.  crown & caliber hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranties with respect to your use of the site, the accuracy and completeness of the information contained herein and the services provided by crown & caliber to you, whether express or implied, and including, but limited to, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. in all events throughout these terms and conditions, you agree that the legal limit of our liability to you for any claims or actions for lost, damaged, or destroyed merchandise shall not exceed the lesser of our offer to you or $1,000 per transaction. you agree that we will not be liable for (a) incidental, special, indirect, consequential, exemplary, speculative, or punitive damages, or loss of profit or opportunity; (b) claims, demands, or actions for any subrogation claim brought by your insurance carrier, and you expressly and specifically waive any subrogation claim on your behalf as well as on behalf of your insurance carrier. miscellaneous you hereby acknowledge and agree that you provided to us the email address, physical address, and telephone numbers that are in our records, and it is your responsibility to provide us with any current or updated contact information. you further acknowledge and agree that: (i) any email message that we send to you is deemed to have been effectively received by you and constitutes due notice to you by email; and (ii) any phone message we leave with you, anyone answering your phone, or on your answering machine or service is effectively received by you and constitutes due notice to you by telephone. in the event of any strike, disruption of service, or any other problems that we might encounter with shipper, we reserve the right in our discretion to replace shipper with another shipping carrier. crown & caliber is licensed to do business in the state of georgia and is governed by the laws of the state of georgia. you expressly agree that any claims, lawsuits, actions, disputes, controversies or other matters against crown & caliber arising out of, or relating to, this agreement or breach thereof shall be settled solely and exclusively via binding arbitration pursuant to the rules of the american arbitration association pursuant to the federal arbitration act, which arbitration shall take place in fulton county, georgia, usa. you expressly agree that any such arbitrator has personal jurisdiction over you. you waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-convenience. you agree that each party shall bear its own attorneys fees and expenses. you agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such arbitration proceedings, and that such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive. you agree that the arbitrator shall not have the right to award consequential, punitive, speculative, indirect, incidental, special, or exemplary damages. the arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable law georgia law. you agree that venue shall be in fulton county, georgia. all references to days shall refer to business days. saturdays, sundays, and federal legal holidays are not included as business days, and if the expiration of any time frame set forth above falls on a saturday, sunday, or federal legal holiday, performance will be due on the next business day. merchandise received after 2:00 p.m., or on any saturday, sunday, or federal legal holiday will be considered to have been received on the next business day. all business days will begin at 9:00 a.m. and end at 5:00 p.m. in georgia on the appropriate day. notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, we reserve the right to suspend or enlarge any time frame specified above, and/or request additional documents or information from you, in order to comply with any applicable local, state, or federal law, ordinance, or regulation. furthermore, any time frame set forth above may be suspended or extended in our discretion with or without notice to you in the event that we encounter technical difficulties concerning our website or otherwise, or encounter any other delays attributable to acts of god, including but not limited to fires, hurricanes, and other storms. in the event that any provision hereof is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of these terms and conditions shall remain valid and enforceable according to their terms.  it is expressly understood and agreed that each provision of these terms and conditions that provides for a disclaimer of warranties, limitation on liability, or exclusion of damages is intended by the parties to be severable and independent of any other provision and to be enforced as such.  the failure of a party to enforce any applicable provision of these terms and conditions, or to require at any time performance by the other party of any provision or obligation hereof, shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision, nor in any way affect the validity of these terms and conditions or any part hereof, or the right of such waiving party. ** terms and conditions are subject to change. you must go to our website to read the full terms & conditions or contact us and we will send you a copy of the terms & conditions free of charge. get a quote (800) 514.3750 send an email what people are saying see all » i recently sold my rolex watch to crown and caliber. i found the experience very professional and quick. i would encourage you to work with them. chellapa v. living in san diego, i was not able to get a reasonable offer locally to buy my 20-year-old cartier watch. i found crown & caliber on the internet. even though remote dealings were unknown to me, i took a risk and came away with an excellent offer, quick and professional service, and satisfaction that there are in fact trustworthy merchants with whom to do business sight unseen. carol w. i recently had the pleasure of working with donna in the selling of a high end chanel time piece. she made the whole experience painless and put any fears to rest when i spoke with her one on one. she and the team at crown & caliber were excellent, fast, efficient, and extremely fair in their estimate. the whole process took only a matter of days from start to finish. i highly recommend them, tim d. i want to thank you c&c for your prompt payment and professionalism. i had fears about internet based transactions, however, they helped to eleviate my concerns every step along the way. i look forward to doing more business in the future and will be in touch soon. jody m. it was a pleasure working with crown & caliber and they were very helpful. i hope to have more business with them in the future and will refer their business to all of my family and friends. elizabeth l. i recently had the unique experience of dealing with crown & caliber. i sold my high end timepiece to them at a fair price. i have to say that dealing with them was quite easy and painless. they have a great system as far shipping and payment options. their representative was courteous and quite friendly. i dealt with a lovely lady named donna. she could not have been more pleasant. i would highly recommend them. edward l. excellent transaction. good communication and a competitive price. would recommend. michael l. effortless. start to finish in about eight days. communication, shipping, tracking. the quote was very fair. i would recommend this company to my friends in a heart beat. truly as good as it gets. walter a. great service. they were very quick and gave me the high-end of their online offer. i would recommend them to anyone! benj m. one of the most professional companies i have ever done business with. i recently sold an expensive and valuable watch that i have had for many years and had a difficult time trying to sell in all other outlets, not only was my experience with crown and caliber llc the best, but #1 in my book! call them today!!! joanne c. doing business with crown & caliber was a pleasure. they kept me informed throughout our entire transaction. thank you. gregg w. i just completed doing business with this company and they were excellent in every respect. our transaction was a little different because i changed my mind but they were so gracious and decent about it. i can't say enough about how wonderful donna was in all this. believe me, this is a company to remember. nick t. i don't have a problem at all in recommending crown and caliber to anyone looking to sell a time piece. they were fair, honest, courteous, and extremely cordial. peyton m. thank you for assisting my daughter and myself with the sale of my watch. my daughter has remarked through this process that your communication and direction has been nothing but professional. thank you for all your help. carol s. i am pleased with the professional service (quite impressed, actually) and was happy to accept the offer. ann w. thank you very much for such great service! i will definitely recommend your company! thank you again for your help and professional service. stan s. thank-you, crown & caliber. it was a pleasure working with you. steve k. i just sold a 18k/ss rolex daytona to crown & caliber.i had previously listed it on craigslist, and after putting up with every scam artist and nutjob in the west contacting me, i gave up on cl and decided to go with a professional watch dealer. c&c gave me an accurate estimate, sent me shipping material at no cost, made an offer within 3 days as promised, and my payment cleared in 1 day! prompt, professional, and did everything they said they would! hats off to donna, katie, and the crew at c&c. i expect to be doing more business with them. larry s. within a weeks time from the day of contact, donna had processed my timepiece and i had my check in hand. very impressive and expediant service. i am very grateful for their services and they took the stress out of the process. thank you. katie b. fast, easy to understand procedures with fair and timely payment for my submission. glad i found donna. leon g. i recently sold my timepiece to crown & caliber. both donna and katie remained in contact with me during the process. i value their service and professionalism. again, thank you for this opportunity. matt l. i sold c&c my corum watch and was impressed with their knowledge and careful and professional approach. i appreciated their honesty and will definitely refer them! neil o. i enjoy that service and process was clean, simple, and easy. thank you for your help donna. michael m. i recently sold my timepiece to c&c and was very impressed by their communication, timely response and professionalism. i completed the entire transaction online which was unnerving but it all worked out. i would recommend them. martin t. i am so grateful to crown & caliber for taking the time to review my gorgeous watch. i will definitely keep c&c in mind for the future! d. davis i give crown & caliber an a+++ review!! trystan b. i have to admit i was somewhat skeptical because the process because it seemed to be too easy. but thanks to donna and the c&c team, i felt comfortable to take the chance and i am glad i did! edward s. my experience working with crown & caliber was extremely positive! thank you! chellapa v. i just sold my breitling to crown & caliber and it was a great experience. great website and service and they gave me a fair price. afterwards, i received a handwritten thank-you note. wow! definitely recommend! bill s. fast, easy to understand procedures with fair and timely payment for my submission. glad i found donna. leon g. our movement watches we buy news blog get a quote crown & caliber (800) 514.3750 info@crownandcaliber.com 3155 roswell rd., ste. 120atlanta, ga 30305 copyright © 2012 crown & caliber llc. all rights reserved. terms of service | privacy policy