来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121106212107/http://www.crownandcaliber.com/faq/
================================================================================

faq - crown and caliber frequently asked questions about us our movement trade-in program why sell? watches we buy breitling cartier omega patek philippe rolex tag heuer all other brands what we pay the process faqs home » faq faq about crown & caliber i'm nervous about sending my watch in the mail. why should i trust you? we realize that a watch is a valuable thing – both financially and sentimentally. we do not take that lightly. therefore we have created processes to ensure the safe delivery and inspection of your watch so that we can make you an offer. we appreciate that you have entrusted us with your watch and we take that responsibility very seriously. if you have concerns, we would like to talk to you. therefore we invite you to call us at any time to ask any questions. we have built a sound reputation and would encourage you to take a look at our page on the better business bureau site where we enjoy an a ranking. you can also read reviews from our customers. if you're on facebook or twitter, you can connect with customers in order to hear about their experiences with crown & caliber. how does this work? see our page dedicated to the process. what kind of watches do you accept? we accept a wide variety of high end luxury watches. for a full list, please see the watches we buy. please note that this is not an exhaustive list and that we accept other brands as well. if you believe your watch to be worth $750 or more, we would be interested in buying it from you. i had some ideas to improve your website. can i let you know about them? by listening to our customers, we have built our company into what it is today. we are always striving to become better and welcome any feedback that can help us to serve our customers better. please email us anytime with your suggestions. does crown & caliber sell my personal information (my name, phone number, email address, etc.?) absolutely not. please review our privacy policy to see the details. what does crown & caliber do with the watches? once a watch is acquired, crown & caliber will sell that watch in a number of ways: through ecommerce, direct to consumers or even directly to international and domestic dealers. about our movement how can you provide medical treatment to 12 children with my watch? with every watch we buy from you, we will send capital into a designated account that is used for purchasing and distributing treatments such as: deworming treatments: children with intestinal worms suffer from severe gastro-intestinal issues along with severe malnutrition which can lead to blindness and death.  we provide deworming tablets to these children which almost certainly saves them from this terrible sickness. dehydration-based treatments: it’s difficult for most americans to understand the sicknesses caused by dehydration, but this is one of the major causes of death of small children in africa. for many of us it would seem that a simple cup of water would cure this problem, but unfortunately this is not the case. 3 million children die of dehydration based sickness. we provide oral rehydration packets which can save such a child’s life. antibiotics: millions of children in the poorest countries die of simple illnesses that could be treated with antibiotics, if they were only available. 1 packet containing a 5 day regimen can save a child’s life. how can i learn more? feel free to review our video in the our movement section of our website. can i donate my watch? yes, absolutely. instead of paying you, we will use 100% of that payment to purchase medical treatment. this donation will not be tax deductible, as crown & caliber is not a 501(c)(3) organization. what global medical organizations do you work with? currently, our sole partner is map international (www.map.org). we intend to partner with other global medical organizations in the future. developing such partnership takes a tremendous amount of time and research on our part to ensure such a partner is a good fit for our movement. therefore we are very selective. if you need help can i call you on the telephone? yes, please feel free to call us any time at (800) 514.3750. how can i reach a customer service associate? we are available by email and by phone at any time. we would like to hear from you. details how does crown & caliber value my watch? our system gathers market data from many sources such as online marketplaces and international/domestic dealers to determine the true market value of a watch at any given time, ensuring you receive the most accurate and up to date pricing available. is there a limit on the number of watches i can sell to crown & caliber? no, there is no limit. we will even accept entire estate collections. please call to arrange shipping for such collections. i can't find my watch type on your site. as long as your watch is a luxury watch we will most likely accept it. we define luxury as any watch over $750, therefore if you do not believe your watch to be worth this, then it is unlikely we will be the most suitable buyer for you. can i sell more than one watch to crown & caliber at once? yes. please do not place more than 5 watches in our secure fedex shipping box. if you require more boxes, then please just notify us and we will overnight them to you. shipping questions where is the fedex box you promised? when we send you a secure fedex shipping box, it should be delivered to the address you provided us within a day or two.  if for some reason you don’t receive it, please call us and we will locate the package. does crown & caliber accept watches from outside of the united states? unfortunately, we do not at this time. how can i get a status update on my transaction? our customer service associate will be contacting you frequently throughout the process. if you would like additional updates, then feel free to reach out directly to us. what happens if i don’t like your offer? if you do not like the offer we made you, then you must reject our offer within 3 business days after we send you an offer notice by replying to the email containing the offer.  if you reject our offer within 3 business days, we will send your watch back to you in a pre paid, insured secure fedex shipping box within 5 days. we will send your watch back to you at our expense. our goal is for you to never spend a penny on this process. we hope that you find our customer service to be exceptional - even if you dont sell your watch to us. please see our terms and conditions for details. what happens if my watch is lost or damaged in the mail? we hope this never happens, but if it does, your watch will be fully insured for $1,000. if you require additional insurance, please just let us know before you send the watch and we will be sure to add it, at our cost. when does my offer expire? you must reject our offer within 3 business days.  if you do not reject our offer within 3 business days, you will have been deemed to accept our offer.  please see our terms and conditions for details. what was the tracking number on my package? we will email you the tracking number of your outgoing package and will include it on the paperwork you receive with the shipping instructions.   if you have misplaced this, please feel free to contact us and we will be more than happy to provide you with it. how do i ship the package containing my watch? 1.    call 1-800-fedex to schedule a free pickup. 2.    personally drop off the secure fedex shipping box at a manned fedex location. it is important to note that the facility must be manned otherwise the insurance will not cover the watch. so please do not drop it in a drop off box. is my package insured against loss or damage? yes. we pay for the insurance, which covers $1,000 in value. if you require more insurance, please just let us know before you send your watch and we will be happy to add it - at our expense. once crown & caliber has your watch what happens once i have sent in my watch? the item will come to our facilities for valuation and inspection by our experts. a customer service associate will be in constant contact with you throughout the process. check out our dedicated page outlining the process. i declined my offer, how long does it take for this to be returned to me? you will receive your returned watch within 5 business days of having rejected our offer. please see our terms and conditions for more information relating to the return of your merchandise. payment how do i get paid? we can pay you with a check or through an ach payment. if you would like an ach payment, just include a voided check in the secure fedex shipping box. how long does it take for me to get paid? once you accept our offer, we will send the check or initiate the ach payment within 5 business days, though often it is recieved sooner than this. can i change my payment method? yes – just let us know your preference by contacting a customer service associate. get a quote (800) 514.3750 send an email what people are saying see all » it was a pleasure working with crown & caliber and they were very helpful. i hope to have more business with them in the future and will refer their business to all of my family and friends. elizabeth l. i recently had the unique experience of dealing with crown & caliber. i sold my high end timepiece to them at a fair price. i have to say that dealing with them was quite easy and painless. they have a great system as far shipping and payment options. their representative was courteous and quite friendly. i dealt with a lovely lady named donna. she could not have been more pleasant. i would highly recommend them. edward l. excellent transaction. good communication and a competitive price. would recommend. michael l. effortless. start to finish in about eight days. communication, shipping, tracking. the quote was very fair. i would recommend this company to my friends in a heart beat. truly as good as it gets. walter a. great service. they were very quick and gave me the high-end of their online offer. i would recommend them to anyone! benj m. one of the most professional companies i have ever done business with. i recently sold an expensive and valuable watch that i have had for many years and had a difficult time trying to sell in all other outlets, not only was my experience with crown and caliber llc the best, but #1 in my book! call them today!!! joanne c. doing business with crown & caliber was a pleasure. they kept me informed throughout our entire transaction. thank you. gregg w. i just completed doing business with this company and they were excellent in every respect. our transaction was a little different because i changed my mind but they were so gracious and decent about it. i can't say enough about how wonderful donna was in all this. believe me, this is a company to remember. nick t. i don't have a problem at all in recommending crown and caliber to anyone looking to sell a time piece. they were fair, honest, courteous, and extremely cordial. peyton m. thank you for assisting my daughter and myself with the sale of my watch. my daughter has remarked through this process that your communication and direction has been nothing but professional. thank you for all your help. carol s. i am pleased with the professional service (quite impressed, actually) and was happy to accept the offer. ann w. thank you very much for such great service! i will definitely recommend your company! thank you again for your help and professional service. stan s. thank-you, crown & caliber. it was a pleasure working with you. steve k. i just sold a 18k/ss rolex daytona to crown & caliber.i had previously listed it on craigslist, and after putting up with every scam artist and nutjob in the west contacting me, i gave up on cl and decided to go with a professional watch dealer. c&c gave me an accurate estimate, sent me shipping material at no cost, made an offer within 3 days as promised, and my payment cleared in 1 day! prompt, professional, and did everything they said they would! hats off to donna, katie, and the crew at c&c. i expect to be doing more business with them. larry s. within a weeks time from the day of contact, donna had processed my timepiece and i had my check in hand. very impressive and expediant service. i am very grateful for their services and they took the stress out of the process. thank you. katie b. fast, easy to understand procedures with fair and timely payment for my submission. glad i found donna. leon g. i recently sold my timepiece to crown & caliber. both donna and katie remained in contact with me during the process. i value their service and professionalism. again, thank you for this opportunity. matt l. i sold c&c my corum watch and was impressed with their knowledge and careful and professional approach. i appreciated their honesty and will definitely refer them! neil o. i enjoy that service and process was clean, simple, and easy. thank you for your help donna. michael m. i recently sold my timepiece to c&c and was very impressed by their communication, timely response and professionalism. i completed the entire transaction online which was unnerving but it all worked out. i would recommend them. martin t. i am so grateful to crown & caliber for taking the time to review my gorgeous watch. i will definitely keep c&c in mind for the future! d. davis i give crown & caliber an a+++ review!! trystan b. i have to admit i was somewhat skeptical because the process because it seemed to be too easy. but thanks to donna and the c&c team, i felt comfortable to take the chance and i am glad i did! edward s. my experience working with crown & caliber was extremely positive! thank you! chellapa v. i just sold my breitling to crown & caliber and it was a great experience. great website and service and they gave me a fair price. afterwards, i received a handwritten thank-you note. wow! definitely recommend! bill s. fast, easy to understand procedures with fair and timely payment for my submission. glad i found donna. leon g. our movement watches we buy news blog get a quote crown & caliber (800) 514.3750 info@crownandcaliber.com 3155 roswell rd., ste. 120atlanta, ga 30305 copyright © 2012 crown & caliber llc. all rights reserved. terms of service | privacy policy