来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20150819063709/https://www.crownandcaliber.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

testimonials - customer reviews - crown & caliber testimonials reviews (800) 514-3750 shop watches how it works why us? the process consignment faqs testimonials watches we accept rolex breitling cartier omega patek philippe tag heuer all other brands actual results about about us careers news our movement retailers blog get a quote toggle navigation back get a quote how it works why us? the process consignment faqs testimonials watches we accept watches we accept rolex breitling cartier omega patek philippe tag heuer all other brands actual results about about us careers news our movement retailers blog testimonials "absolutely trustworthy, communicative and fast.they did everything they said they were going to do and more." melissa i had some trepidation about sending my watch off in the mail to c & c, always in the back of my mind wondering if i'd done the right thing or would be the victim of some sophisticated scam, but i have to say that the whole process has been very easy and ultimately successful, with consistently good communication from c & c throughout. well done! jim w. if i do come around to selling this watch sooner and/or needing the money, i’ll definitely come around to crown & caliber. my exploration into this “flip your watch” industry has been an overall negative one in terms of customer service, with the exemption of crown & caliber. and that matters to me. regardless, i just wanted to say i had a great experience communicating with crown & caliber! mark t. i have just completed my first sale with c&c. i was very impressed with every aspect of the experience. the price was better than anywhere else, the web site easy to use, the customer support consistent and responsive, and payment prompt. i would certainly use them again. mark b. i just received my bell & ross watch, a full day ahead of the estimated delivery promised. i just want to let you know how pleased i am with the watch & your service. you have exceeded my expectations. i’m sure you will have other watches i will want to take advantage of. jerry t. donna was a delight and professional to work with.......the results exceeded my expectations. all deadlines were maintained and i got the funds quickly. i highly recommend crown and caliber! jordan b. the folks at c & c were exactly like they promised. professional, forthcoming and accurate in their appraisal. dealing with them while selling my watch was a "classy" as when i bought it at a park avenue shop. bruce j. i sold my rolex through c&c and they made every step of the process as easy and comfortable as they could. yes, they charge a commission, but i feel that it is well-earned. every person i spoke with or emailed was courteous, knowledgeable, and helpful. i have sold many things on ebay, but when it comes to selling luxury watch or other luxury jewelry, i did not want to risk doing it on my own. my husband now plans to sell his rolex with c&c, and we look forward to receiving the same good service. alaska c. this company in awesome ! of course there are many ways to sell watches - but if you don't have the time or inclination to sell it yourself and accept the fact that they take a 20% commission (yes 10% going to ebay ), they make the whole process almost flawless. arthur m. very impressive service. i've tried to sell watches myself before and it's always a long and time consuming process. this was totally hassle free and they actually sold my watch for slightly more than they estimated. i would definitely use them again. ken l. love the watch. have been telling my friends about the pleasant trade-in/buying experience in working with crown & caliber. thanks again! tim v. thank you again for all your help and communication back and forth. i really appreciate the ease of this entire process and was very impressed. kim h. i just wanted to thank you for the watch. it absolutely exceeded my expectations and after putting on a new strap, i've worn it everyday. i wanted to personally thank you for the great service you provided. rob r. the process and convenience of doing business with crown and caliber was nothing short of spectacular and i truly appreciate all of you and your staffs efforts to make a quick seamless sale. thank you. jonathan l. these guys are great. i needed to sell a tag heuer carrera and didn't want to deal with ebay. i contacted c&c, and from that point forward the process was a breeze. every employee i dealt with was friendly and helpful. after i sent the watch in, it sold fairly quickly. and for significantly more than i thought it would. well worth the commission they charge. these guys will be my first choice the next time i want to sell a watch. jonathan e. what a class act of a company. better than promised in all facets of the watch sell and buy via consignment transaction. absolutely perfect honest and professional. a 110 out of a 100. thank you! steve h. i sold my watch to this company. i feel i got a fair price and they made it very easy to complete entire transaction. prompt service and excellent communication. no pressure and pleasant to do business with. larry m. thank you very much for the sale of my rolex submariner. i was very pleased with everything. dennis c. i saw a watch that interested me on ebay and -- totally coincidentally -- c&c was the seller! i bought that watch for a very fair price. a few days later the watch was here. it was very well packaged and arrived in impeccable condition -- just as described, which is important. the folks at c&c certainly seem to be in it for the long haul and genuinely value the prospect of establishing long-term clients. i would totally do business with these guys again. darryn and hamilton are both top-notch. roscoe r. just sold my 5th watch on consignment. i got way more than i ever expected each time. each time a watch was sold payment was direct deposited the next business day. c&c will service your watch before putting it up for sale, so you can be sure as a buyer that you are getting a fully functional timepiece. i will continue to use this service whenever i need to clear out some inventory. it's great not having to deal with buyers and all their issues, and they appear to have a huge audience, so many people will be seeing your watch. bill s. i would like to thank you for making this easy for me and hope that you will be able to find a happy buyer for my watch. ken p. in one sense, i'm sad to see my father's watch leave the family, but in the other sense, i'm glad someone will get good use out of it. your company quoted us a price, explained the process and provided us a range for the expected net return in the event of the sale of the watch. you exceeded our expectations. thank you. it's a good feeling to see there's still legitimate businesses that, sight unseen, carry through with what is promised. dennis h. my experience with crown & caliber deserves a 10 star review!! paul h. the watch looks wonderful and it was carefully and perfectly packaged. in a nutshell my expectations were totally met while i appreciated the professionalism of your firm. jose j. i recently sold my sinn ux through crown & caliber. it was an extremely easy and stress free experience. there was a minor hiccup with my watch during the sale. crown & caliber took care of everything in the quickest and most professional way possible and more importantly they made sure it was all done correctly. excellent customer service can be hard to find these days when everything goes just as planned, a real test of customer service happens when something goes wrong. crown & caliber passed with lying colors. in the end i got more for my watch than i could have on my own and did it with almost no work on my part. i wouldn't hesitate to use them again or to recommend them to anyone else. alex m. i was very impressed with your firm. they did an excellent job for me in all respects. jim z. thank you very much, crown & caliber. you've made the process easy and painless. lance b. thank you so much, it has been a pleasure working with you and donna. i would not hesitate referring you to a friend or doing business (buying or selling) in the future! kelli d. all estimates exceeded - time, money, ease of doing business - the way business should be. i will tell everyone about crown and caliber. david p. it was a pleasurable experience from beginning to end and my reviews shall reflect that. we will most definitely be doing more business together in the future. many thanks to you and the rest of the c&c staff. i could not be more pleased. roger c. outstanding service. i was more than pleased with my entire transaction. its great that we have companies of this quality to do business with. anthony r. such a great experience working with you to sell my panerai and breitling watches. it could not have gone better steven h. great transaction selling my sinn...smooth and good updates along the way. thanks much team. zechariah p. just wanted to thank crown & caliber for the excellent service and prompt sale of my tag! the process was easy and very professional! shea s. thanks for your good service. it is not common these days. james b. i wanted to email you to tell you what an incredible experience it was. i have told everyone who mentions watches about crown & caliber! i'm still trying to get my best friend, to contact you. i have another rolex that i'm contemplating selling. look forward to working with you again. thanks so much! cathy t. i have used c&c to both sell and purchase watches. donna has been fantastic to work with. if you are looking to sell a quality timepiece without the hassle and risk of doing it yourself, c&c is the place to start! george c. i live in california - recently i had a very good experience with c & c selling a watch. i would most certainly use them again. michael m. thank you. it was a simple process worthy of a positive review. daron s. thank you very much for all of your help. it has been very professional for start to finish! tracy b. they did exactly as advertised, great service, and added bonus; sold my watch for several dollars more than the estimate, check deposited timely. professional business like-good communication-if you have a watch for sale-these are the people..... robert r. wow! thank you so much i can't believe how quickly the money was transferred into my account your company is so professional and a pleasure to work with. nikki w. just wanted to let you know i received the transfer today. thank you and to everyone over at crown and caliber for a wonderful experience. jeremy g. i sold several of my watches to them! highly recommend. fair with their quote and quick with the payment. steve s. absolutely trustworthy, communicative and fast. they did everything they said they were going to do and more wonderful people and hope to do business with them again melissa f. it was an absolute pleasure working with crown and caliber. they under promise and over deliver! everything in the process was extremely easy and the whole process could not have been better. faith p. dear rachel! thank you and thank crown and caliber for your prompt payment and professionalism in handling the sale of two of my watches. i plan to use your services again and will highly recommend your company. have a most wonderful day! arlene c. i am pleased to have completed my transaction with crown and caliber. the confidence you instilled with our initial conversation and the professional follow up certainly reduced my anxiety regarding conducting what was mostly an online transaction. it was a pleasure to conduct business with crown & caliber and i will only consider your services for any future needs. dave b. absolutely trustworthy, communicative and fast. they did everything they said they were going to do and more. wonderful people and hope to do business with them again. great experience all around on my purchase/trade of a wonderful watch. thanks. adam g. i could not be any more pleased with your courtesy, timeliness, and professionalism. your offer for my timepiece was fair and honest, and payment was prompt. crown & caliber is on my "a" list of companies with which to do business! and i hope to become a "buyer" as well as a seller. dan b. i can't thank you and your company enough for selling my watch so quickly and obtaining a price which was above your estimate and my expectations. i will definitely recommend your company to my friends and colleagues. glenn s. so, i spoke with a lady named becky who was super helpful and professional (and very nice). i'm intrigued at the offer they issued me and will likely go further down the path. i'm increasing my rating to 4 stars at the moment based on my experience with becky. i'm will likely update my rating further after i completed my interactions with them. minh l. my experience selling my watch to crown & caliber was extremely positive. this is a company that you can trust. i sent them my watch and they sent me my payment very promptly. the whole process was very painless. jason r. i had a very positive experience with crown & caliber. they were prompt and efficient. they kept me informed about what was going on with my watch. just got the check today. the whole process took about two weeks. sure, i would have like more for my watch, but using c&c was painless. chris b. rachel and donna were both most pleasant to talk to on the phone. i regret only having the one rolex to sell to them. the two of them make the world seem a little less dim. thank you. tom m. if you're skeptical about selling an expensive watch over the intranet, you should be! there are a lot of shady characters out there. fortunately, crown and caliber isn't one of them. this company is a shining example of how experience, expertise, honesty, professionalism and good-old-fashioned courtesy can make the watch-selling experience a pleasure, even on the anonymous web. i recently sold my rolex oyster datejust with c&c, and the experience couldn't have been easier or more pleasant. i received an honest quote from them that was considerably more than i received from another web company that promised top dollar (no names here, but a clue: the first word is bob's and the last word is watches). i accepted the quote and c&c sent a very professional packing kit to me overnight. packed up the watch as per directions, sent the pre-paid package back, and received a confirmed quote within two days. (no bait-and-switch tactics here, either: received the same confirmed quote as the preliminary one.) accepted the quote, and the money was transferred directly into my checking account (i could have received a check if i wanted one) within days. doesn't get simpler than that! thank you donna, rachel, and the rest of the c&c team for taking what could have been a nail-biting experience and making it as comfortable and pleasant as possible. i would do business with you again at the drop of a hat. you get my highest recommendation! harris b. i had a great experience dealing with crown & caliber when i sold my watch. they were very professional in doing their estimate and in negotiating a fair selling price with me. in particular, donna, one of their associates was very helpful in explaining exactly how the sales transaction would happen, step by step. also, their shipping instructions were concise and thorough. i would gladly refer others to them for the sale of their high-end watches. great people to work with! william c. i recently sold my watch with crown and caliber after shopping it around to get the best price. they are quick on quoting you an offer and the offer was very fair. i would do business with them again. i had the pleasure of doing business with donna. highly recommend them! steve s. i live in california - recently i had a very good experience with c & c selling a watch. i would most certainly use them again. michael m. i went through crown & caliber to sell a timepiece i had and the whole process was fast and easy. i found c&c's offer to be very fair and within 2 days i had the fed-ex box to ship my piece. donna was extremely helpful and the communication was excellent. thank you donna and c&c for your help! peter o. dear caitlyn, katie and the team and crown and caliber, i received the funds within 24 hours of accepting the offer. i am impressed! you have been amazingly efficient, helpful and easy to work with. you delivered on your 'promise' and the process was simple, painless and stress free. we were a little concerned at first because everything was virtually done, yet i read and read the testimonials you had on your website and the reviews. that gave me confidence. i will highly recommend you and your team at crown and caliber anytime. when you have future customers, please feel free to refer me (email and phone number) as a resource to vouch for your business. much appreciated and thank you! jackie c. i highly recommend crown & caliber, the overall process is well thought of and everything went smoothly, the staff is helpful and very efficient. thank you so much! anonyo h. super service and a more-than-fair price. katie and donna were terrific. i highly recommend these good folks. dave w. it was a pleasure working with you and your company. i have not worked with such an efficient and truthful company in years. i will definitely recommend you and crown & caliber to anyone wishing to either buy, consign, or sell a quality watch. i received the check this afternoon. another example of your prompt and reliable service. many thanks. duane h. this place was great for helping me get a little cash for my watch and they listened when i went through the decision to sell my dad's watch travis s. i have had a wonderful experience dealing with crown and caliber. they gave me a very fair price and were very accommodating when i was leery of dealing with an internet company. they assured me that they were upstanding and have proven so with prompt same day payment! thank you! i highly recommend this company for any watch needs. lynn b. i sold my audemars to crown & caliber and they have great customer service and they are fair. the band was small and missing a 3 links. funny she said it was sized for a woman. i didn't take it too hard. we stroke up a fair deal and i am happy and pleased with the service. damon m. thank you so much to you and the whole crew at c&c. i received the check today as you stated. the entire process with cc was nothing short of outstanding. of course a lot of times we as customers are forced by our current circumstance to have to sell some of our cherished belongings, which is painful. but it is so nice that a place like cc exist, a place that is fair and doesn't rip you off. although what i received for my watch was far below what i paid for it, it was an honest, fair and generous offer that was 10x above what the local "rip-off" pawn shop offered, so thank you again. my highest recommendation to c&c to anyone who needs or wants to sell their fine jewelry. marvin j. just sold a vintage rolex with crown and caliber. i was referred to them by a coworker. it was incredibly efficient and easy. their website explained everything to me in advance and their communication throughout was excellent. i was never worried about shipping off my expensive watch to strangers based on their reviews and friends' recommendations. if i had another watch to sell, i would use them again without hesitation. melissa b. what a great experience. although i had to sell my beloved timepiece for personal reasons, the entire process from initial contact to payment was handled very professionally. i would not hesitate doing business with crown & caliber in the future. i hope you sell used timepieces in the future! thanks to donna, caitlyn, and katie! dave s. doing business with any company over the web can be both tricky and dangerous. trust me, crown & caliber is the best! not only are they honest (i had the check for my wife's rolex within 3 days), but their commitment to high communicaiton, throughout the process, gave me a lot of confidence in them. thanks donna & katie! brett c. caitlyn you were superb... enjoyed the whole experience.. marvin j. great experience and great people to work with. i received a reasonable price for my breitling colt automatic. thank you katie and caitlyn! jack r. i recently (march 2013) sold my timepiece to crown and caliber after reading customer reviews. the offer was better than expected and the professionalism was amazing. constant email communication with 2 women that i could call in a heartbeat if i needed to. i accepted their offer once their experts had my watch (which by the way, was the same offer they quoted when receiving my pictures) and my money was in my bank the next morning. truly a real and reputable company. michele c. i recently sold my tag heuer watch with c&c. the process was easy, the team members were very friendly, and the offer and check arrived very quickly. the shipping process was very straightforward and secure. i was somewhat skeptical of doing business over the web to sell an expensive watch, but it was seamless. my offer from c&c was nearly twice what a local dealer was willing to give me on a trade-in on another watch. thanks c&c! william c. my recent experience with crown & caliber was first rate . knowledgable people, and excellent customer service. i would reccomend this company to everyone interested in selling a watch. helene d. wow!!! if you are looking to sell your watch, crown and caliber will exceed your expectations. donna and katie are a pleasure to deal with. they are professional and nice too. i was skeptical about dealing my breitling on the internet. don't be. crown and caliber is the real thing. thanks for making it so easy. jud r. recently sold my breitling wrist watch with c & c . entire process from start to finish was smooth and professional . very satisfied with their offer which was accepted without any pressure . would definitely recommend them . brad c. i just completed a sale of a luxury watch i owned that i sold to this company. i must say that they were so professional, courteous, and honest with their valuation of my time piece as well as displayed superb customer service. i was very impressed with the entire process. if you have a high end watch to sell, i highly recommend crown & caliber. thank you caitlyn for your excellent customer service! lion t. found them online and contacted donna who was very professional. they shipped me a box so that i could ship my watch back to them free of charge with insurance. it was nice to do business with people who are so knowledgeable about timepieces and who knew what mine was worth. very smooth transaction and professional staff. i would recommend anyone to do business with them and i will again in the future. marcus w. i recently sold my tag timepiece with crown & caliber and i must say i was pleasantly surprised at how easy and professional this company was to work with. they communicated all aspects of the transaction and followed up throughout the process. i would use them again. harold f. professional and efficient. i really enjoyed working with them and would highly recommend them. andrew b. they were easy to work with, prompt, well organized, and fair. they kept their word and did everything they said they would. it requires a leap of faith to send expensive watches to someone you don't know, but based on my experience, the faith is well founded with these folks. i would do business with them again. dan r. thank you donna. you were very kind and professional, and i would gladly work with you all again. the process was super easy, especially when it came to shipping. they sent to my doorstep all the packing/shipping material which was a huge bonus. money was transferred to me as soon as i said okay. i highly recommend crown & caliber for anyone who is looking to part with their time piece. kevin w. i was very skeptical about doing business over the web so, after researching several different companies, i decided to give it a try. crown and caliber is a sure definition of honest, professional, excellent communication, and services to you to make your transaction as easy of possible. i would definitely do business with them again in the near future. thank you donna and katie! ronnie t. sold two watches recently with crown & caliber. the transactions were handled very quickly and efficiently. communication was excellent throughout the entire process. all of the crown & caliber folks were a pleasure to deal with! dennis k. i recently sold my breitling timepiece with crown and caliber and was very impressed! their process was easy and handled very efficiently by donna and katie. within under 2 weeks time i had made my inquiry, received their offer, accepted the offer, sent them my watch (which is done in the same streamlined fashion) and received my check. i would highly recommend them! beth l. very professional and honest people. excellent customer service with prompt reply to your questions. i sold my timepiece with them at a very fair price much higher than what other companies had offered me. special thanks to katie and donna. a++++++++++++ highly recommended. muthanna a. thank you! i'm so pleased to have put my trust in crown & caliber. i will inform all of my friends/clients of what you have done for me so that they have someone they can trust. thanks again. take care. herman h. i want to express my appreciation to crown & caliber and will gladly recommend them to anyone who may be in need of their services. james w. selling an expensive watch is a scary prospect. how do you get a safe transaction and a decent offer? crown & caliber made it extremely easy.... and comforting. they send you the packaging - all you have to do is take it to the shipper. i received email correspondence with a real person's name to follow up with. received a check very quickly. extremely happy with their service. maureen m. i just completed a transaction with crown & caliber. they were very professional and the transaction was completed in a timely and efficient manner. communication during the entire process was excellent. i would highly recommend using them if you have a timepiece to sell. dennis k. i am completely pleased with the entire transaction. thank you katie for a job well done. you made the entire process painless on my part. you were efficient and timely; the entire transaction took less than 2 weeks, from my contacting you and receipt of my check. i would gladly recommend utilizing your service to anyone contemplating selling their used watch. thank you again. william h. i contacted c&c about a week ago concerning a watch i had. after listening about how the process worked i thought, what the heck do i have to lose (other than a rolex)? within 2 days i had a shipping box. 2 days later i had a formal quote and 3 business days later i had a direct deposit. it was that simple! was i bit nervous? darn betcha i was! did i need to be? absolutely not!!! i highly recommend c&c to anyone looking to sell! russ c. i wanted to thank you for both your time and excellent customer service. i will not hesitate to recommend your services in the future. donna, i really appreciate your interest in helping me with the watch. sergio m. several years ago, i purchased an iwc portofino from an unauthorized retailer. i recently sent it to crown & caliber to evaluate, where they discovered that the serial numbers had been removed. donna was extremely gracious in breaking the news to me and promptly returned the watch. you would think that this would have been a negative experience, but it was just the opposite. they were professional and considerate and it is comforting to know that they are a company that refuses to pass something along to their customers that does not meet the highest ethical standards. i want to personally thank c&c for their high standards. we all could benefit from such practices! thomas b. at first, i was nervous to deal with an entity on the internet. but crown & caliber did everything they said they would. they gave me a top bid and sent the money quickly. if i had to do it again, i would. thank you	! spunky c. one of the most professional companies i have ever done business with. i recently sold an expensive and valuable watch that i have had for many years and had a difficult time trying to sell in all other outlets, not only was my experience with crown and caliber llc the best, but #1 in my book! call them today!!! joanne c. i recently had the pleasure of working with donna in the selling of a high end chanel time piece. she made the whole experience painless and put any fears to rest when i spoke with her one on one. she and the team at crown & caliber were excellent, fast, efficient, and extremely fair in their estimate. the whole process took only a matter of days from start to finish. i highly recommend them. tim d. wow! what an amazing experience! i recently sold my timepiece with crown & caliber and they have set the bar high. i don't think anyone else could have provided such professional service. donna & katie are the most honest people i have ever worked with. this entire transaction was completed online. i would recommend c&c to everyone. thank you! rodney b. always an element of uneasiness when dealing with companies over the internet but i can share this company was easy to work with, fair and organized. would highly recommend as my expectations where exceeded and i rarely recommend anything. tom b. the whole process went well without an issue. i was nervous about selling my watch long distance, but crown & caliber was patient with me and answered all of my questions and concerns. linda l. i recently sold my rolex watch with crown and caliber. i found the experience very professional and quick. i would encourage you to work with them. chellapa v. living in san diego, i was not able to get a reasonable offer locally to buy my 20-year-old cartier watch. i found crown & caliber on the internet. even though remote dealings were unknown to me, i took a risk and came away with an excellent offer, quick and professional service, and satisfaction that there are in fact trustworthy merchants with whom to do business sight unseen. carol w. i want to thank you c&c for your prompt payment and professionalism. i had fears about internet based transactions, however, they helped to eleviate my concerns every step along the way. i look forward to doing more business in the future and will be in touch soon. jody m. it was a pleasure working with crown & caliber and they were very helpful. i hope to have more business with them in the future and will refer their business to all of my family and friends. elizabeth l. i recently had the unique experience of dealing with crown & caliber. i sold my high end timepiece with them at a fair price. i have to say that dealing with them was quite easy and painless. they have a great system as far as shipping and payment options. their representative was courteous and quite friendly. i dealt with a lovely lady named donna. she could not have been more pleasant. i would highly recommend them. edward l. excellent transaction. good communication and a competitive price. would recommend. michael l. effortless. start to finish in about eight days. communication, shipping, tracking. the quote was very fair. i would recommend this company to my friends in a heart beat. truly as good as it gets. walter a. great service. they were very quick and gave me the high-end of their online offer. i would recommend them to anyone! benj m. doing business with crown & caliber was a pleasure. they kept me informed throughout our entire transaction. thank you. gregg w. i just completed doing business with this company and they were excellent in every respect. our transaction was a little different because i changed my mind but they were so gracious and decent about it. i can't say enough about how wonderful donna was in all this. believe me, this is a company to remember. nick t. i don't have a problem at all in recommending crown and caliber to anyone looking to sell a time piece. they were fair, honest, courteous, and extremely cordial. peyton m. thank you for assisting my daughter and myself with the sale of my watch. my daughter has remarked through this process that your communication and direction has been nothing but professional. thank you for all your help. carol s. i am pleased with the professional service (quite impressed, actually) and was happy to accept the offer. ann w. thank you very much for such great service! i will definitely recommend your company! thank you again for your help and professional service. stan s. thank-you, crown & caliber. it was a pleasure working with you. steve k. i just sold a 18k/ss rolex daytona to crown & caliber.i had previously listed it on craigslist, and after putting up with every scam artist and nutjob in the west contacting me, i gave up on cl and decided to go with a professional watch dealer. c&c gave me an accurate estimate, sent me shipping material at no cost, made an offer within 3 days as promised, and my payment cleared in 1 day! prompt, professional, and did everything they said they would! hats off to donna, katie, and the crew at c&c. i expect to be doing more business with them. larry s. within a weeks time from the day of contact, donna had processed my timepiece and i had my check in hand. very impressive and expediant service. i am very grateful for their services and they took the stress out of the process. thank you. katie b. i recently sold my timepiece with crown & caliber. both donna and katie remained in contact with me during the process. i value their service and professionalism. again, thank you for this opportunity. matt l. i sold my corum watch with c&c and was impressed with their knowledge and careful and professional approach. i appreciated their honesty and will definitely refer them! neil o. i enjoy that service and process was clean, simple, and easy. thank you for your help donna. michael m. i recently sold my timepiece with c&c and was very impressed by their communication, timely response and professionalism. i completed the entire transaction online which was unnerving but it all worked out. i would recommend them. martin t. i am so grateful to crown & caliber for taking the time to review my gorgeous watch. i will definitely keep c&c in mind for the future! d. davis i give crown & caliber an a+++ review!! trystan b. i have to admit i was somewhat skeptical of the process because it seemed to be too easy. but thanks to donna and the c&c team, i felt comfortable to take the chance and i am glad i did! edward s. my experience working with crown & caliber was extremely positive! thank you! chellapa v. i just sold my breitling to crown & caliber and it was a great experience. great website and service and they gave me a fair price. afterwards, i received a handwritten thank-you note. wow! definitely recommend! bill s. fast, easy to understand procedures with fair and timely payment for my submission. glad i found donna. leon g. connect with us (800) 514-3750 info@crownandcaliber.com buy or sell with us watches we accept value of watches sold how it works international about us our story leadership the movement scholarship experience blog / news retailers faqs style guide quiz 3565 piedmont rd. ne building 4, suite 710 atlanta, ga 30305 (by appointment only) (800) 514-3750 info@crownandcaliber.com get a quote email copyright © 2015 crown & caliber llc. all rights reserved. terms of service | privacy policy copyright © 2015 crown & caliber llc. all rights reserved. terms of service | privacy policy copyright © 2015 crown & caliber llc. all rights reserved. terms of service | privacy policy