来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231093149/https://www.crownandcaliber.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms & conditions | crown & caliber skip to content submit close search shop sell or trade brands new arrivals collections markdowns accessories watch 101 my account my cart explore unwound submit cart cart explore our blog: sign in | my account | spend more. save more.click here to shop the sale search submit expand/collapse customer care: 1 (800) 514-3750 shop sell or trade brands new arrivals collections markdowns watch 101 shop by gender mens watches womens watches shop all watches shop top brands rolex omega breitling tag heuer cartier patek philippe iwc panerai shop all brands shop watch style dive pilot casual sport military dress racing shop accessories watch rolls shop all accessories shop all watches a-c d-f g-i j-l m-o p-r s-u v-x y-z view all brands a. lange & sohne audemars piguet baume & mercier bell & ross blancpain breguet breitling bremont bvlgari/bulgari cartier chanel chopard chronoswiss corum fp journe franck muller doxa girard-perregaux glashütte original graham heuer hublot iwc jaeger-lecoultre jaquet droz longines louis vuitton maurice lacroix montblanc nomos omega oris panerai patek philippe piaget rolex speake-marin tag heuer tudor ulysse nardin vacheron constantin zenith featured brands rolex omega tag heuer breitling cartier panerai iwc patek philippe crown and caliber collection hidden gems watches under $5,000 rolex favorites watches under $2,500 trending watches watches for the collector racing watches ladies watches sport watches dress watches dive watches pilot watches shop all collections view all rolex view starter watches view dive watches current sales returns & exchanges product warranty shipping information terms of service privacy policy cookie policy shop all markdowns father's day specials terms and conditions in the terms and conditions set forth below (the “terms and conditions”), the terms “you” and “your” refer to, as applicable, (i) the person or persons sending a watch or other item or items containing gold, platinum, silver, titanium, other precious metals, gemstones (including but not limited to diamonds, rubies, sapphires and emeralds), or any combination thereof (hereinafter referred to as “merchandise”) to crown & caliber, llc (“crown & caliber”) for sale to, and purchase by, crown & caliber or a third-party purchaser (referred to herein as a “third-party purchaser”), for whom crown & caliber will act as a facilitator of such sale and purchase or using crownandcaliber.com (the “site”), (ii) the person or persons purchasing a watch or other merchandise from crown & caliber or a third-party seller (referred to herein as a “third-party seller”), for whom crown & caliber will act as a facilitator of such sale (each such purchase or sale transaction hereinafter referred to as “transaction”) or (iii) the person or persons using the site. “we,” “our,” and “us” refer to crown & caliber and its successors and assigns. these terms and conditions are binding on every crown & caliber customer and shall apply to all business dealings between you and crown & caliber, and any third-party purchaser and third-party seller, including, but not limited to, your use of the site, the transaction, and any other services provided to you by crown & caliber. you hereby make representations and warranties to crown & caliber (regardless of whether a transaction is consummated and whether crown & caliber is the purchaser or seller of the merchandise) and any third-party purchaser (if a third-party purchaser is the purchaser of the merchandise) or third-party seller (if a third-party seller is the purchaser of the merchandise), and agree to the terms and conditions, in each case as set forth in the terms and conditions, by your use of the site and/or by sending merchandise to or receiving merchandise from crown & caliber terms applicable to the purchase of merchandise. the following terms and conditions govern any transaction relating to the purchase, or attempted purchase, of merchandise by crown & caliber or a third party purchaser. ownership of merchandise if you are attempting to sell merchandise, you hereby represent and warrant to crown & caliber and any third-party purchaser that (i) you are at least eighteen (18) years of age; (ii) you have good and marketable title to the merchandise; (iii) you have full authority to sell, transfer, and convey the merchandise; (iv) you are the legal and equitable owner of any and all merchandise offered to be sold to crown & caliber; (v) you are acting on your own behalf, and not as another’s agent or representative; (vi) the merchandise is sold free of all liens, encumbrances, liabilities, and adverse claims of every nature and description whatsoever; (vii) you will not send in materials containing the following: arsenic, beryllium, bismuth, cadmium, mercury, nickel, lead, antimony, selenium, tin, tellurium or any other harmful, toxic, or poisonous elements; (viii) the merchandise is not from, or the result of, illegal activity, including theft or fraud; (ix) any transaction initiated by you will not cause crown & caliber to be in violation of any anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, or other applicable state or federal law of the united states of america any state or any foreign country; and (x) crown & caliber reserves the right and you hereby agree to provide additional documentation and/or information concerning yourself and/or any merchandise, including all documentation or information necessary for crown & caliber to comply with local, state and federal law (which includes crown& caliber reporting all merchandise received to the proper authorities as required by applicable law.) describing your merchandise you hereby agree that any description of the merchandise that you provide to us, whether on the packing slip included in the shipping materials provided by us (“shipping package”) or otherwise, will be true, complete, and accurate at the time you submit such description to us. if we determine, in our sole discretion, that there are significant discrepancies between the merchandise as described by you and the merchandise we receive, or if no description of the merchandise was included in the shipping package or other package used by you to ship the merchandise, we may suspend or terminate the transaction without notice to you. notwithstanding anything in these terms and conditions to the contrary, in the event that we terminate the transaction because the merchandise shipped by you is determined by crown & caliber, in our sole discretion, to have an altered/mutilated serial number or to be a counterfeit or a replica copy, we will notify you in writing and will ship your merchandise to you, at your cost, within 5 business days of our receipt of your shipping instructions and payment therefore (if a valid account number with the designated shipper is not provided); provided, however, that you hereby agree that crown & caliber may dispose of the merchandise if we do not receive shipping instructions and payment for all shipping costs from you within 30 days of the date on which crown & caliber sends you written notice that the transaction has been terminated. in the event that crown & caliber terminates the transaction for any other breach of the representations and warranties made by you in connection with your description of the merchandise, crown & caliber will ship your merchandise to you within 5 business days at our cost by the shipper shipping method of our choosing, and you agree that we will only be responsible for insuring the value of your merchandise up to $100. inbound shipping; costs; loss or damage guarantee you can select to send your merchandise to us using a shipping package, which you can request from our website. a shipping package will include all of the shipping and packaging materials for you to ship the merchandise to us at our expense. if you send us the merchandise using a shipping package we will purchase insurance to cover your merchandise in the event it is lost damaged for the mid-range value of your quote, once it is processed by the national courier selected by us to ship the shipping package (the “shipper”). once your watch is received, it will remain insured for this same amount until sold. in the event that your package is lost we will require that you: provide proof of shipping receipt, provide receipt of proof that goods are lost, and file a claim within 30 days of loss. in the event your package is damaged we will require that you: provide proof of shipping receipt, provide receipt of proof that goods are damaged, demonstrate that the package was not damaged prior to shipping, and file a claim within 30 days of loss. if you believe that you need additional coverage, then it is your responsibility to contact us so that we can provide such additional coverage at our expense before sending us your merchandise. you can contact us by telephone at (888) 249- 4421 to arrange for additional coverage or for shipping instructions. to the extent that certain accessories related to the merchandise, such as, but not limited to, a watch box, tools, manuals and papers (collectively referred to as “accessories”) are unable to safely fit inside of the shipping package, crown & caliber will provide you with a shipping label so that you can arrange for sufficient packaging, shipping costs and insurance (“ancillary package”) for all accessories. crown & caliber will pay up to $25 for the ancillary package. to the extent crown & caliber is charged more than $25 for the accessory package, all amount above $25 will be deducted from the final price paid to you for your merchandise. therefore it is your responsibility to ensure the cost of the ancillary package remains at or below $25 otherwise you will be charged. for merchandise shipped from a jurisdiction outside the us or in territories of the us that require importing to the u.s., you will be responsible for procuring all shipping materials, and for paying for the shipping of the merchandise as well as any other costs such as but not limited to duties, vat, etc. in addition, you are responsible for abiding by all relevant export and import laws and restrictions. if crown & caliber purchases merchandise that is required to be imported, crown & caliber will reimburse the customer for up to $100 for the cost of shipping the merchandise to crown & caliber. once crown & caliber receives your merchandise, it will make you an offer. if you decline this offer, it will be your responsibility to arrange for and pay for the necessary shipping to return your merchandise. notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall bear the risk of loss with respect to all merchandise until such merchandise is actually received by crown & caliber. receipt of merchandise we videotape the opening and the contents of each package of merchandise we receive. we will retain the video for 10 days after we receive your merchandise. you may make arrangements with us to order a copy of the video for an additional fee. we reserve the right, at our sole discretion and without notice to you, to reject any inbound package, including any merchandise not shipped via a shipping package. for purposes of these terms and conditions, any inbound package that we reject will not be deemed to have been “received” by us. determining our offer we will determine our estimate of the value of your merchandise using factors that we deem to be appropriate. in order to value your merchandise, we may need to open the watch and remove gemstones and other items from the watch. you hereby authorize us to open the watch, remove gemstones and other items from the watch, and take such other actions as we deem reasonably necessary to accurately value your merchandise, including without limitation sending your merchandise, at no cost to you, to a potential third-party purchaser. you hereby further authorize us to perform our standard preparation service (which may consist of cleaning, basic repairs (as we deem appropriate), accuracy calibration, lubrication and pressure testing), and to photograph your merchandise. you hereby authorize us to communicate with any potential third-party purchaser regarding you and your merchandise and to disclose all information provided to or obtained by us relating to you and/or your merchandise to any potential third-party purchaser. upon processing your merchandise, we will notify you by email (an “offer notice”) of our offer or of an offer from a potential third-party purchaser of payment for your merchandise (“offer”). if you have selected our consignment option (“consignment option”), you hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) crown & caliber will be entitled to such fees as stated in the offer, which may include a preparation fee and a consignment fee, at our then current rates or at such other rate as agreed to by crown & caliber in writing (regardless of whether crown & caliber or a third party purchaser purchases the merchandise from you), and (ii) that these fees will be deducted from any amounts received by us from a third-party purchaser prior to transmitting any funds to you. when presenting you with a consignment option, crown & caliber may present to you a range (“estimate”) for which it believes it will sell your watch. the average of the estimate is known as the reserve. by agreeing to the consignment option, you agree to allow crown & caliber to sell your watch, absent any further permission or correspondence with you, for at least amount of the reserve. any fees owed to crown & caliber will then be deducted from this amount. if you have selected our consignment option, crown & caliber may provide you with a guaranteed minimum purchase price for your merchandise. in order to satisfy this guarantee, the ultimate buyer of the merchandise may be crown & caliber, in which case fees will be deducted from the guaranteed purchase price prior to remitting any funds to you just as though the buyer of the merchandise were a third party purchaser. if you have selected our consignment option, crown & caliber may provide you with a cash offer and a consignment offer. if you elect to choose the consignment offer, the cash offer is null and void. if during the consignment process, you would like an additional cash offer, then such can be obtained by contacting crown & caliber. however, such cash offer may be higher or lower than the original cash offer. accepting or rejecting our offer you may accept the offer by replying to the email containing the offer notice (as instructed in the offer notice) or by not replying to us in any way within 48 hours after we send you an offer notice. in order to reject the offer, you must decline the offer within 48 hours after we send you an offer notice by replying to the email containing the offer notice in compliance with the procedures stated in the offer notice. if you decline the offer within the time frame set forth above, and do not authorize us to hold your merchandise for a longer period in order to make you another offer, then we will ship your merchandise to you at the address indicated in our records within 5 business days at no cost to you, and will insure your merchandise for full value of the offer. all quotes are valid for 48 hours but can be extended at the sole discretion of crown & caliber.  if you have not declined our offer within the time frame set forth above, then you will be deemed to have accepted the offer. notwithstanding the foregoing, by selecting our consignment option, you thereby authorize us to hold your merchandise for up to sixty (60) days. after sixty (60) days, crown & caliber may determine that market conditions have changed and seek agreement with you on a price reduction.  if you decline the price reduction and would like crown & caliber to return your merchandise, crown & caliber will return your merchandise based on a shipping label that is provided by you.   you are solely responsible for the return shipping costs and insurance.  crown & caliber is not liable for any damage in transit. payment for your merchandise we will issue payment for the merchandise in the amount stated in the offer, less any fees owed to crown & caliber as stated in the offer (the “purchase price”), via the method of payment you previously selected at the address you provided on your package that you sent to us within the later of (i) 5 business days of your acceptance of the offer or (ii) 15 days following our receipt of available funds from a third party purchaser (if a third-party purchaser is the purchaser of the merchandise). alternatively, if you did not previously select a method of payment on your package, then payment of the purchase price shall be made via crown & caliber check by united states postal service and mailed to you at the address listed in our records within the later of (i) 5 business days of your acceptance of the offer or (ii) 15 days following our receipt of funds from a third party purchaser (if a third-party purchaser is the purchaser of the merchandise). all sales final all sales are final. no refunds, returns or credits are permitted. if you have elected to receive the purchase price by check, the transaction is final once crown & caliber has sent a check to the address you provided. returned merchandise outbound insurance, costs, insurance in the event that your merchandise is returned to you in accordance with these terms and conditions, we will ship your merchandise to you at your address as it appears in our records via the shipper shipping method of our choosing at our expense, and will purchase insurance coverage through the shipper for the merchandise for the full value of the rejected offer. if a package containing your merchandise is lost in transit while being returned to you in accordance with these terms and conditions, we will file a claim with shipper and pay you the full amount received by us from the shipper. terms applicable to the sale of merchandise. the following terms and conditions govern any transaction relating to the sale, or attempted sale, of merchandise by crown & caliber or a third party seller. risk of loss all items purchased from crown & caliber or a third-party seller are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. returns, refunds and title all returns and refunds are governed by our return policy.  crown & caliber does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our location. product descriptions we attempt to be as accurate as possible. however, we do not warrant that merchandise descriptions or other content on our site, including, without limitation, pricing information, is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. pricing price for merchandise sold by us are subject to change at any time, without notice.  with respect to items sold by us, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our inventory may be mispriced. if the correct price of an item sold by us is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. third-party sellers may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item. we generally do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. other businesses third-party sellers, other than crown & caliber, also list merchandise for sale on the site. in addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. we are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their web sites. crown & caliber does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. you should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use. accuracy of billing and account information we reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. these restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. in the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. you agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made from us or a third-party seller. you agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. terms applicable to all transactions. your account if you establish an account on the site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. crown & caliber does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. if you are under 18, you may use the site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.  we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion. rules governing your use of the site you are entirely responsible for any harm resulting from your use of the site. crown & caliber does not warrant that the function or operation of the site will be error free, that the site or the server that makes it available will be free of viruses or other harmful elements. as a user, you assume full responsibility for any costs, expenses, losses, or damages incurred by you in connection, resulting from, or arising out of the use of the site. you represent and warrant that: (i) you will not use the site for any unauthorized purpose including collecting user names and/or email addresses of other users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other electronic communications; (ii) you will not access the site through the use of scripts, bots or other automated means; (iii) you will not access the site through any means other than through the interface that we provide to you or engage in unauthorized framing of, or linking to, the site unless otherwise specifically authorized by us in a separate written agreement; (iv) you will not transmit chain letters, bulk or junk email or interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the site or the networks or services connected to the site, including, without limitation, hacking into the site; (v) you will not impersonate any other person or entity, provide false or misleading identification or address information, or invade the privacy, or violate the personal or proprietary right, of any person or entity; (vi) you will not circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the site or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any intellectual property (as defined in “our intellectual property rights” below) or enforce limitations on use of the site or the materials on the site; and (vii) you will not cause to appear any pop-up, pop-under, exit windows, expanding buttons, banners, advertisements or anything else that minimizes, covers or inhibits the full display of the site. accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information we are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. the material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. this site may contain certain historical information. historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. we reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. except where noted otherwise, the list price, estimated retail price, suggested retail price, or similar price information displayed for merchandise represents the full retail price listed on the product itself, suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice; or the estimated retail value for a comparably featured item offered elsewhere. these prices are a comparative price estimate and may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area on any particular day.  we make no representations or warranties as to accuracy or completeness of any pricing or other information included in this site, and you should not rely on this information.  actual retail prices may vary greatly from those shown in this site.  we reserve the right to modify any information from time to time without notice, including, but not limited to, information regarding prices, models, and specifications. we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information contained in this site, including the estimated retail prices.  where an item is offered for sale by a third-party seller, the list price, estimated retail price, suggested retail price, or similar price information is provided by the third-party seller. you agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site. our intellectual property rights the site, all materials on the site, including, but not limited to the logos, sales copy, images, navigational aids, illustrations, and all of such items that are provided to you in tangible form (the “intellectual property”), are owned by and the property of us or our affiliates and licensors and are protected from unauthorized use, distribution and copying by united states trademark law and copyright law, foreign laws and international conventions and other intellectual property laws. in order to use any intellectual property, you must obtain our written consent prior to your use. we reserve all rights not expressly granted by these terms and conditions. electronic signature for purposes of the transaction, you hereby agree to the use of electronic signatures, receipt of notices by e-mail, use of electronic contracts, and to accept these terms and conditions by electronic means. you agree that clicking the submit box at the end of the crown & caliber get started form constitutes your electronic signature. limitation of liability except as expressly set forth in our limited warranty, all information, content, materials, merchandise and other services included on or otherwise made available to you by us or through the site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. except as expressly set forth in our limited warranty, to the full extent permissible by applicable law, crown & caliber disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, relating to merchandise, transactions, and the services provided by crown & caliber to you, including any cleaning, maintenance or repair of your merchandise. in all events throughout these terms and conditions, you agree that the legal limit of our liability to you for any claims or actions for lost, damaged, or destroyed merchandise that you sent to us or a third-party purchaser shall not exceed the lesser of our offer to you or the insured value of the merchandise during shipping. notwithstanding the foregoing, if the merchandise we receive from you (i) is materially different from the description of the merchandise you provided to us, (ii) has an altered or mutilated serial number, or (iii) is a counterfeit or a replica copy, then the legal limit of our liability to you for any claims or actions for lost, damaged, or destroyed merchandise that you sent to us or a third-party purchaser shall not exceed $100 with respect to such merchandise. you agree that we will not be liable for (a) incidental, special, indirect, consequential, exemplary, speculative, or punitive damages, or loss of profit or opportunity; or (b) any claims, demands, or actions for any subrogation claim brought by your insurance carrier, in each case relating to any transactions, the merchandise, the site, or any other services provided by crown & caliber to you, and you expressly and specifically waive any subrogation claim on your behalf as well as on behalf of your insurance carrier. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. miscellaneous you hereby acknowledge and agree that you provided to us the email address, physical address, and telephone numbers that are in our records, and it is your responsibility to provide us with any current or updated contact information. you further acknowledge and agree that: (i) any email message that we send to you is deemed to have been effectively received by you and constitutes due notice to you by email; and (ii) any phone message we leave with you, anyone answering your phone, or on your answering machine or service is effectively received by you and constitutes due notice to you by telephone. in the event of any strike, disruption of service, or any other problems that we might encounter with shipper, we reserve the right in our discretion to replace shipper with another shipping carrier. crown & caliber is licensed to do business in the state of georgia and is governed by the laws of the state of georgia. you expressly agree that any claims, lawsuits, actions, disputes, controversies or other matters against crown & caliber arising out of, or relating to, this agreement or breach thereof shall be settled solely and exclusively via binding arbitration pursuant to the rules of the american arbitration association pursuant to the federal arbitration act, which arbitration shall take place in fulton county, georgia, usa. you expressly agree that any such arbitrator has personal jurisdiction over you. you waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-convenience. you agree that each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees and expenses. you agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such arbitration proceedings, and that such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive. you agree that the arbitrator shall not have the right to award consequential, punitive, speculative, indirect, incidental, special, or exemplary damages. the arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable law georgia law. you agree that venue shall be in fulton county, georgia. all references to days shall refer to business days. saturdays, sundays, and federal legal holidays are not included as business days, and if the expiration of any time frame set forth above falls on a saturday, sunday, or federal legal holiday, performance will be due on the next business day. merchandise received after 2:00 p.m., or on any saturday, sunday, or federal legal holiday will be considered to have been received on the next business day. all business days will begin at 9:00 a.m. and end at 5:00 p.m. in georgia on the appropriate day. notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, we reserve the right to suspend or enlarge any time frame specified above, and/or request additional documents or information from you, in order to comply with any applicable local, state, or federal law, ordinance, or regulation. furthermore, any time frame set forth above may be suspended or extended in our discretion with or without notice to you in the event that we encounter technical difficulties concerning our website or otherwise, or encounter any other delays attributable to acts of god, including but not limited to fires, hurricanes, and other storms. in the event that any provision hereof is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of these terms and conditions shall remain valid and enforceable according to their terms. it is expressly understood and agreed that each provision of these terms and conditions that provides for a disclaimer of warranties, limitation on liability, or exclusion of damages is intended by the parties to be severable and independent of any other provision and to be enforced as such. the failure of a party to enforce any applicable provision of these terms and conditions, or to require at any time performance by the other party of any provision or obligation hereof, shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision, nor in any way affect the validity of these terms and conditions or any part hereof, or the right of such waiving party. ** terms and conditions are subject to change. you must go to our website to read the full terms & conditions or contact us and we will send you a copy of the terms & conditions free of charge. be the first to know subscribe to the crown & caliber newsletter crown & caliber who we are our mission scholarship unwound blog testimonials careers trusted partners in the news retail trade-in program buying & selling sell or trade watch financing watch insurance why buy from us why sell with us watch accessories our policies returns & exchanges product warranty shipping information terms of service privacy policy cookie policy help center faqs my account sizing guide contact us sitemap customer service call us 1 (800) 514-3750 contact us click here office hours by appointment only 5500 interstate north parkwaysuite 100 atlanta, ga 30328 instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest accepted payment purchase with confidence top © 2015-2019 crown & caliber llc. all rights reserved. we are a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites. except where noted otherwise, the brands whose items we sell are not associated with crown & caliber, llc, and the brand names are the trademarks of their respective owners. we are an independent dealer, and are not an authorized reseller of any of the items we sell. except where noted, retail pricing information on our products are estimates based on multiple sources. read more about how we arrive at our pricing values.