来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201130212528/https://www.crownandcaliber.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | crown & caliber rum & watches sign in open nav shop sell my watch new arrivals brands explore blog shop new arrivals sell for cash top brands rolex omega tudor breitling panerai iwc cartier tag heuer patek philippe shop all watches gender men's watches women's watches shop clearance curated collections trending watches hidden gems watches for the ceo dive watches off the beaten path blue dials limited editions high roller watches trending dress watches pilot watches skeleton mechanical watches under $5k multi calendar casual watches watch accessories brands top brands rolex omega tudor breitling panerai iwc cartier tag heuer patek philippe shop all watches featured brands a. lange & sohne audemars piguet bell & ross girard perregaux hublot jaeger lecoultre longines nomos ulysse nardin vacheron constantin zenith view all brands explore about us who we are how we give back scholarship unwound blog testimonials careers trusted partners in the news retail trade-in program watch 101 anatomy of a watch watch sizing guide how to videos unwound blog faqs newsletter sign up explore watch 101 blog search watches cart privacy policy effective date: 11/01/20 the www.crownandcaliber.com website is operated by crown & caliber, llc ("crown & caliber," "we," "our" or "us"). this privacy policy applies to www.crownandcaliber.com and any other website offered by crown & caliber, which references or links to this privacy policy (each a "site" and together the "sites"), and which include our sites entered via tabs or portals accessible via twitter®, facebook® or other social sharing sites. this privacy policy is to inform you about the information that we gather about you when you interact with our sites. this privacy policy, together with the terms of service posted here, sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our site. depending on your activities when visiting our site, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions. this policy describes: 1. the information we collect and how we collect it. 2. what we do with the information we collect. 3. how we share or disclose your information. 4. social media 5. storing your personal data/transfer of data 6. third party links 7. choices and individual rights for eea and switzerland users; 8. california privacy rights; 9. choices – how you can update your information; 10. security 11. sensitive data; 12. children’s information; 13. policy changes and contact info crown & caliber is the data controller collecting information from the sites. we can be contacted at info@crownandcaliber.com or call us at (888) 743-0981. information we collect and how we collect it while using our site, you may provide us with certain personal data that can be used to contact or identify you ("personal data"). in the preceding twelve months, we have collected three kinds of information about you: (a) information that you voluntarily provide that personally identifies you, including financial information; (b) information that we automatically collect when you use our services; and (c) information provided by third parties. how we collect and store information depends on the portion of the site you visit, the activities in which you participate and the services you use. you can visit the site and view merchandise (as defined in the terms of use) without providing any information other than what is automatically collected as described below. we may collect information about you during your use of the sites, including identifiers such as your first and last name, password, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, financial information such as credit card number, driver’s license number, commercial information such as the products you have purchased or sold, and information you provide or post on our sitess or allow us to access when you do certain things, such as: enter registration information to buy, trade or sell merchandise; enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion; make a purchase; request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, and other products); sign up to receive sms (text message) notifications; connect with the site or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site; or post user-generated content, including videos, pictures, or comments, to or on any of our sites. you could also be offered the opportunity to have one of our representatives contact you personally to provide additional information about our products or services or inquire about the merchandise, a transaction (as defined in the terms of use) or a third-party purchaser (as defined in the terms of use). by initiating any activity or transaction with us that uses financial information, you consent to providing your financial information to us and our service providers processing the transaction to the extent required to provide the payment services to you. information collected automatically like many websites, we and our third-party service providers, such as advertising and analytics providers, use cookies, web beacons and other data technologies to receive and store certain types of information when you interact with us through your computer or mobile device. using these technologies helps us recognize you, customize your experience and make relevant marketing messages. here are some of the types of information we collect: log & device data. when you visit our site, we may automatically record information (“log data”), including information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site. this log data may include your web address you came from or are going to, your device model, operating system, browser type, unique device identifier, ip address, mobile network carrier, and time zone or location. our third-party service providers may provide us information that tells us how our marketing ads, often placed on third party sites, performed and who clicked on them. this information does not identify any specific individual and is generally non-identifying. if we were to associate it with you we would treat it as personal data. we may use a uniquely generated trackable toll-free telephone number on our site or in one of our advertisements. if you call one of these uniquely generated toll-free numbers, we (or a service provider acting on our behalf) may collect non-personally identifiable information about the call (e.g. date, time, duration), as well as personal information (e.g. your name, the number from which your call originated). use of cookies we may use “cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our site) or similar technologies to record log data. many browsers default to accepting cookies. you may be able to change this setting in your browser and you can also clear your cookies. if you do, you may lose some functionality of our site. check your browser's help function to learn more about your cookie setting options. click here for our cookie policy. we may use the following types of cookies: advertising and analytics essential cookies functionality cookies social media cookies advertising cookies please see below for your choices on cookies in the use of advertising. to help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from us if your computer supports such capabilities. you can opt-out of receiving emails from us. please see the your choices section below. we might also use a pixel tag which is a small graphic file that allows us and third parties to monitor the use of the site and provide us with information based on your interaction with the site. these tags may collect the ip address from the device which you loaded the page, the browser type. pixel tags are also used by our third parties to collect information when you visit our site, the links and other actions you take on our site, and we may use this information in combination with cookies to display targeted advertisements. other data technologies may be used that collect comparable information for security and fraud detection purposes. if you have any questions about cookies you can go to www.youronlinechoices.com/uk or to generally find out more about cookies, visit this site. what we do with the information we collect in general, we use the personal information that we collect to provide you with services, including the following based on our legitimate interests: we may use your personal data as described below. marketing and communications to send you: information about your relationship or transactions with us; alerts or other communications via sms messages or other media or networks; and to notify you about new features of the site, special events, or products, services, and special offers. deliver the product/service and customer support we will use personal data to provide you access to the crown & caliber sites. we use your personal data to provide you customer support. we use personal data to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so. if you do not provide the data that we request, or prohibit us from collecting such data, we may not be able to provide the requested services. business purposes: we use personal data to analyze our product and services, as well as the sites, and to perform audits, security and fraud monitoring and prevention. we also use personal data to develop new services, enhance, improve or modify our existing service, identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, and to operate our business. we use personal data as described to manage our contractual relationship with you, comply with a legal obligation and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so. how we share or disclose your information we do not share your personal information with others except as indicated within this policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt-out of having your personal information shared. we share your information in the following ways. with third party service providers, agents, or contractors. we use other companies, agents or contractors ("service providers") to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with providing services to you, including potential third-party purchasers of any items sent to us, as well as credit reporting and fraud checking agencies as necessary. for example, we may engage service providers to process credit card transactions or other payment methods. or, we may engage service providers to provide services such as marketing, advertising, communications, shipping and address verification, infrastructure and it services, to provide customer service, to collect debts, and to analyze and enhance data (including data about users' interactions with our service). these service providers may have access to your personal or other information in order to provide these functions. in addition, some of the information we request may be collected by third party providers on our behalf. we do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services. if you request services via a mobile device, your request will be transmitted via your mobile carrier’s network and your carrier may have access to it. consult your carrier’s privacy policy for additional information. we receive information about you (including personal information) from third parties. for example, if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from crown & caliber, that website will forward to us your email address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. you could also choose to participate in a third-party application or feature (such as one of our pages on facebook or twitter or another social platform or website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including personal information. in addition, we receive information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service. to comply with legal process or to protect crown & caliber. if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal or governmental request; to enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or crown & caliber as required by law; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address, security or technical issues or illegal or suspected illegal activities (including fraud). business transfers. we may engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this policy. in such transitions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. in the unlikely event that we or substantially all of our assets are acquired or enter a court proceeding, you acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that your personal information can continue to be used as set forth in this privacy policy. analytics. specifically, for analytics providers, we use google analytics and kissmetrics. google analytics which is a web analytics service offered by google that tracks and reports website traffic. google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our service. this data is shared with other google services. google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. you can opt-out of having made your activity on the site available to google analytics by installing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on. the add-on prevents the google analytics javascript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with google analytics about visits activity. for more information on the privacy practices of google, please visit the google privacy & terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ google also recommends installing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. google analytics opt-out browser add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by google analytics. advertising. we may send targeted marketing to you using your personal data we have collected that is based on your interactions with our site which may include your average overall spend. we also use third-party service providers to show advertisements, which may include targeted advertisements on a third-party site after you have visited our website. we and the third-party service providers use pixels and cookies to collect anonymous information about your visits to our site and your interaction with our products and services in order to inform, optimize, and measure performance serve ads based on your previous visits to our site. any tracking that a third party performs is subject to their own privacy notice. the provider may also use information about your visits to this and other sites to target advertisements for merchandise and services. this anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag which is industry standard technology used by most major websites. no personal information is collected or used in this process. the provider does not know your name, address, phone number, email address or any of your other personal information. to opt-out of these ads click on this link. unless your browser settings are configured to make your online activities and publicly available information about your online activities (such as traffic data described above) invisible to usage analytics tools, we do not presently have the capability to omit you from usage analytics to the extent your browser only sends us a “do not track” message and does not otherwise screen you from tracking without any action on our part. if you set your browser for do not track, our third party advertising platforms do honor those signals for advertising related tracking. please note, however, that our honoring a do not track request from your browser does not affect personal information that you have, or will in the future, submit to us. third parties, other than our vendors (such as our website analytics provider), do not have authorization from us to track which websites you visited prior and after visiting our website. that said, we cannot control third party tracking and there could be some third-party tracking over time and across third-party websites that occurs without our knowledge or consent. unique marketing practices in the united states: we may use third party service providers to send targeted direct mail to our us based customers based on your browsing activity on the site. we work with a third-party ad network that uses a pixel placed on our site that collects shopping click information from our site and shares it with other retailers who opt into the same ad platform. name, email, address, phone or other similar personal information is not shared with this third-party ad network. the other participating retailers can serve a targeted ad to you through online ads on third party sites. you can opt out of this tracking at any time as described in the choices section of this privacy notice. ad vendors we work with google adsense & doubleclick cookie google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. google's use of the doubleclick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site or other websites on the internet. you may opt-out of the use of the doubleclick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the google ads settings web page: https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ google adwords/analytics google adwords remarketing service is provided by google inc. you can opt-out of google analytics for display advertising and customize the google display network ads by visiting the google ads settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads for more information on the privacy practices of google, please visit the google privacy & terms web page at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ twitter: you can opt-out from twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405 you can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of twitter by visiting their privacy policy page: https://twitter.com/privacy facebook: you can learn more about interest-based advertising from facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 to opt-out from facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 to see more about facebook's participation in the digital advertising alliance please visit the choices section of this notice. for more information on the privacy practices of facebook, please visit facebook's data policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation we may participate in facebook.com's custom audience or linkedin's audience program which enables us to display personalized ads to persons on our email list when they visit facebook or linkedin respectively. we provide personal information such as your email address and phone number to the social media provider to enable it to determine if you are a registered account holder. you may opt-out of participation in this program by contacting us as noted below. you may also opt-out of receiving these ads from the social media network directly. please click for our complete cookie notice here. social media if you respond through a blog forum or other social sharing feature or public interactive area on a site, you should be aware that any personal and other information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of the site, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. we are not responsible for the information you choose to make public in such manner. you are also responsible for using such public forums, including any sites accessed through a third-party social networking platform like facebook or twitter, in a manner consistent with the privacy policy and other terms and conditions applicable to such platform. you may log in to the site using certain social network credentials. if you create an account using your login/id from a third-party platform, like facebook®, crown & caliber may use your login credentials to access and collect information as permitted by your privacy settings on that third-party platform to create your account with crown & caliber. to manage the sharing of certain personal information with us when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications refer to the privacy policy and settings of the social networking website or application. by proceeding through any of the above steps, you grant crown & caliber permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network's terms of use and this privacy policy. storing your personal data/transfer of data this site is operated in the united states. if you are located in another jurisdiction, please know that your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the united states. by using this site and providing us with information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the united states. it is important to note that the privacy laws in the united states may not be as comprehensive as those in other countries such as the european union. our service providers use appropriate safeguards to transfer your personal data to the united states. we may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of headquarters for processing and storing. in addition, it may be processed by staff operating outside the office area who work for us or for one of our suppliers. for example, such staff may be engaged in the processing and concluding of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. by submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. we will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this privacy policy. data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. details relating to any transactions entered into via our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety. the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and the transmission of such data is entirely at your own risk. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain areas of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. third party links we may have links on our site to other sites that we do not operate. if you click on a third-party link, you will be taken directly to that site which is governed by its own privacy notice. we strongly encourage you to read that privacy notice. we do not control that site and assume no responsibility for the content, policies or its practices. choices and individual rights for eea or switzerland users individual rights – actions you can take: if you are a user in the eea or switzerland, the following information applies with respect to personal data collected through your use of our sites. purposes of processing and legal basis for processing we process personal data consistent with our disclosures in this privacy policy. we process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide services to you; (3) to meet legal obligations, and (4) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the sites where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy. under the european union’s general data protection regulation and other countries’ privacy laws, you may have certain rights with respect to the processing of your personal data such as: choosing not to provide your personal data accessing, or obtaining a copy of, your personal data checking and editing your data in your user account unsubscribing from direct marketing checking and editing your personal data blocking and deleting the cookies permitting or refusing processing of your location data erasure, or restriction of our processing, of your data objecting to the processing of your personal data withdrawing your consent porting your data to another controller lodging a claim with a supervisory authority we hope to ensure that the personal data we possess are always accurate and therefore we encourage you to update your information in your own account if any changes have occurred. we have listed below the rights that you may be able to exercise in respect of the processing of your personal data, subject to applicable law. we take every reasonable step to ensure that the personal data that we process are limited to the personal data that are reasonably required in connection with the purposes set out in this privacy policy. please note that upon exercising any of the rights listed below, you may be requested to provide additional information for identification purposes. such additional information shall not be used for any other purpose and will be removed after successful identification. providing your data: you may choose not to provide your personal data to us. it should be noted that some features of our websites, applications and other services may not be fully available to you if you choose not to provide us with your personal data (e.g., we may not be able to process your orders without the necessary details). right of access: you may have the right to request access to, or copies of, your personal data, together with information regarding the nature, processing and disclosure of those data. unsubscribing: we include an unsubscribe link in all electronic marketing messages we send to you. you may withdraw your consent to direct marketing at any time. if you do so, we will promptly update our databases, and will not send you further direct marketing, but we may continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any products or services you have requested. checking and editing your personal data: should you have an online user account, you may edit and complete your personal data directly yourself. if you do not have an online user account, you may contact us, who will upon your request as soon as possible rectify, remove or complete the information which is incorrect, unnecessary, lacking or outdated. blocking and deleting cookies: you may block the cookies using your browser settings. please note that blocking the cookies may affect the usability of our websites. you may also delete the cookies from your browser via its settings, in which case the information collected by the previous cookie will not affect the account created based on the information collected after such deletion. advertising. you can opt out of online targeted advertising by opting out within the advertisement itself or by visiting digital advertising alliance, http://www.aboutads.info/, the digital advertising alliance of canada in canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the european interactive digital advertising alliance in europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. you can also opt out of the digital advertising alliance using your mobile device settings. allowing use of location data: you may give your consent to the use of location data in the options of the device or the application. you may also withdraw such consent at any time from the options menu in your account, or by contacting us. erasure, or restriction of our processing, of your data: should you believe that we process your data which is not accurate; the processing is illegal; we are not processing your data in accordance with the processing purpose or you want to oppose the processing, you may contact us to request the erasure, or restrictions on the processing, of your data. please note that we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take. right to object: you may have the right to object, on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal data. withdrawing your consent. you may at any time decide to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data. if your consent is withdrawn, it does not prevent us from processing your personal data based on other legal bases, such as fulfilling your orders and storing your order data as required by applicable law. however, it should be noted that your account(s) on our web store(s) will be removed, and advantages granted to you via your account will be reset. please note that withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal. right to data portability: you may have the right to have your personal data transferred to another controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable. right to lodge a complaint: for european union residents, if you feel that our processing of your personal data infringes on data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. you may do so in the eu member state where you habitually reside, your place of work or the location of the alleged infringement. if you are located outside of the european union, you may have rights under privacy laws in the jurisdiction where you live. california privacy rights if you are a california consumer, you have certain rights with respect to the collection, use, transfer, and processing of your “personal information”, as defined by the california consumer privacy act (ccpa). we reserve the right to limit these rights where permitted under applicable law, including where your identity cannot be reasonably verified or to the extent your rights adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. to exercise any of the rights below, please contact us via the contact information below. only you or a person registered with the california secretary of state that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. collection of personal information when california consumers access our websites, use our services, or contact us, we collect the following personal information. categories of consumer’s personal information collected examples business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected categories of sources from which that information was collected categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information identifiers real name, alias, postal address, email, phone number, ip address, driver’s license number, password. provide you with access to our content. this information is collected directly from you. affiliates, analytics providers, service providers, transactions processors, it vendors, and law enforcement (if necessary). provide you with the services you request. communicate with you regarding your account or transactions with us. send you offers and promotions for our products and services. financial information credit card number process your transactions. this information is collected directly from you. affiliates, analytics providers, service providers, transactions processors, it vendors, and law enforcement (if necessary). commercial information merchandise purchased or sold. process your transactions. this information is collected directly from you or by logging our interactions with you. affiliates, analytics providers, service providers, transactions processors, it vendors, and law enforcement (if necessary). provide you with access to our content. internet or electronic network activity information browsing history, provide you with targeted advertising based on your activity on our sites. we collect your internet or other electronic network activity information from your interactions with our website. affiliates, analytics providers, service providers, transactions processors, it vendors, and law enforcement (if necessary). information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement, operate, understand, optimize, develop, or improve our sites, applications, products, services and operations. internet protocol address, device id, detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity. cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers. debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies. biometric information audio recordings. provide you with the services you request. we collect your biometric information when you call into our customer service number when we record the phone calls. affiliates, analytics providers, service providers, transactions processors, it vendors, and law enforcement (if necessary). geolocation data location information, provide you with access to our content. we collect your geolocation information from your interactions with our website. affiliates, analytics providers, service providers, transactions processors, it vendors, and law enforcement (if necessary). device location information provide you with the services you request. individual rights right to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold you have the right to request that we disclose the personal information we collect, use, and disclose about you to third parties. there are two types of right to know requests you can make: 1. right to know (general request): if you make a right to know (general request), you will receive the following information about you: a. the categories of personal information collected in the past 12 months, b. the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, c. the business or commercial purpose(s) for which the personal information was collected or sold, d. the categories of third parties with whom personal information has been shared, e. the categories of personal information sold in the preceding 12 months, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold that particular category of personal information, and f. the categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to whom it disclosed that particular category of personal information. 2. right to know (specific pieces of information request): if you make a right to know (specific pieces of information request), you will receive the following information about you: a. specific pieces of personal information collected about you. this information will be provided to you free of charge, unless we determine that your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. you may request this information twice in a 12-month period. right of deletion you have the right to request that our service providers and we delete any personal information about yourself that we have collected from you upon receipt of a verifiable request. this right is subject to exceptions. right to opt out of the sale of information california consumers have the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information by a business that sells personal information. submitting requests you can submit your request by calling us at (888) 743-0981. you may also submit a request through a webform available by emailing us at info@crownandcaliber.com verifying requests we provide california consumers with the ability to submit requests through our request website, our telephone number, and our email address. we must verify that the person requesting information or deletion is the california consumer about whom the request relates in order to process the request. to verify a california consumer’s identity, we may request up to up to three pieces of personal information about you when you make a request to compare against our records. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. we will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity and will delete any information you provide after processing the request. we reserve the right to take additional steps as necessary to verify the identity of california consumers where we have reason to believe a request is fraudulent. authorized agent consumers may use an authorized agent to submit their request. you may choose a person registered with the california secretary of state that you authorize to act on your behalf to submit your requests (“authorized agent”). if you choose to use an authorized agent, we require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission to allow them to submit your request and that you verify your identity directly with us. failure to do so may result in us denying your request. the authorized agent must be registered with the california secretary of state and be authorized to submit requests on behalf of a consumer. if you are an authorized agent and a consumer has given you signed permission to submit a request on his or her behalf, please send a copy of your signed permission by the consumer to us. failure to submit proof of signed permission may result in us denying the consumer’s request. we will require the consumer to verify his or her identity and directly confirm with us that the consumer has provided you with permission to submit the request. right to equal service we will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your rights, including, but not limited to, by: denying goods or services to you. charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties. providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you. suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. pursuant to section 1798.83 of the california civil code, residents of california have the right to request from a business, with whom the california resident has an established business relationship, what types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. to access this information, please contact us as described below. under certain state laws, collection of data through third-party cookies for targeted advertising and similar purposes may be considered a “sale.” to opt-out of automated sales of personal information, please contact us as described below. notice of financial incentives we offer various financial incentives. for example, we may provide discounts, gift cards, or other benefits to customers who sign up to receive our marketing emails or participate in a survey. when you participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers (like your name and email address) and commercial information (like your purchase history). you can opt into a financial incentive by following the sign-up or participation instructions provided, and, for any ongoing benefits, you have the ability to opt-out at any time, such as by following the unsubscribe instructions in our promotional emails or contacting us at info@crownandcaliber.com. in some cases, we may provide additional terms and conditions for a financial incentive, which we will provide to you when you sign up. the value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or discount presented to you. choices – how you can update your information you have choices when it comes to how we use your data and we want to ensure you have the information to make the choices that are right for you. we aim to offer reasonable steps, so you can correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your personal data. we outline your choices below: e-mail. as described above, if you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, you may opt-out at any time. if you opt-out of a promotional e-mail, we may still send you transactional and administrative emails about this privacy notice or about the products or services you have purchased. cookies. your browser's help function should contain instructions on how to set your computer to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time. advertising. you can opt-out of online targeted advertising by opting out within the advertisement itself or by visiting digital advertising alliance, https://www.aboutads.info, the digital advertising alliance of canada in canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the european interactive digital advertising alliance in europe https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . you can also opt-out of the digital advertising alliance using your mobile device settings. to initiate any of these actions please contact us at info@crownandcaliber.com or call us at (888) 743-0981. security we use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. unfortunately, no measures can be guaranteed to provide 100% security. accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your information. sensitive data we request that you do not send us any sensitive data such as social security or national identification numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health data, biometrics or genetic, criminal background or trade union membership information. if you do send us this information, then you are consenting to its processing in accordance with this privacy notice. to avoid processing of sensitive data, do not submit it. children's information our site is not directed to children under 16. if you learn that your minor child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us. policy changes and contact information crown & caliber reserves the right to modify this privacy policy without prior notice. use of a site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy then in effect. feel free to contact us with any questions: info@crownandcaliber.com; (888) 743-0981. crown & caliber, llc attention: privacy information request 5500 interstate n pkwy, suite 100, atlanta, ga 30328 be the first to know subscribe to the crown & caliber newsletter crown & caliber who we are how we give back scholarship unwound blog testimonials careers trusted partners in the news retail trade-in program buying & selling sell or trade watch financing extended warranty watch insurance why buy from us why sell with us watch accessories our policies returns & exchanges product warranty shipping information terms of service privacy policy cookie policy accessibility help center faqs my account sizing guide contact us sitemap customer service contact us click here 5500 interstate north parkwaysuite 100 atlanta, ga 30328 instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest accepted payment purchase with confidence top © 2015-2020 crown & caliber llc. the smarter way to buy or sell a watch™. all rights reserved. we are a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites. except where noted otherwise, the brands whose items we sell are not associated with crown & caliber, llc, and the brand names are the trademarks of their respective owners. we are an independent dealer, and are not an authorized reseller of any of the items we sell. except where noted, retail pricing information on our products are estimates based on multiple sources. read more about how we arrive at our pricing values. do not sell my info