来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241223153739/https://www.crownandcaliber.com/pages/in-the-press
================================================================================

crown & caliber in the press sign in open nav shop new arrivals brands explore new arrivals shop top brands rolex omega tudor breitling panerai iwc cartier tag heuer grand seiko patek philippe shop all watches brands top brands rolex omega tudor breitling panerai iwc cartier tag heuer patek philippe shop all watches featured brands a. lange & sohne audemars piguet bell & ross hublot jaeger lecoultre longines nomos ulysse nardin vacheron constantin zenith view all brands explore about us trusted partners in the news watch 101 anatomy of a watch watch sizing guide how to videos unwound blog faqs newsletter sign up explore watch 101 blog insurance search watches cart in the press recent press the wall street journal - july 16, 2021 want to buy a luxury watch? read these 7 pro tips first "navigating the luxury watch market can seem complicated—but it needn’t be. here, insider advice for procuring the high-end ticker of your dreams, without getting ripped off." gq magazine- april 11, 2022 how to invest in the skyrocketing watch market "the watch world has never been hotter, with demand skyrocketing right as supply slows to a trickle. but if you know where to look—and who to talk to, and how to spot value in an ocean of excess—there's no better time than now to find an investment-grade grail." ajc - february 18, 2021 atlanta's crown & caliber acquired by luxury watch content leader hodinkee "atlanta’s crown & caliber started with a cash deal in a parking lot. now, the pre-owned luxury watch site has 78,000 transactions and a deal with another leader in the industry." forbes - february 18, 2021 top watch site, hodinkee, buys crown & caliber pre-owned watch specialists "crown & caliber was founded in 2013 by hamilton powell for the buying and selling of pre-owned watches. the company built an innovative platform, hired in-house swiss-certified watchmakers and offered services that made buying and selling pre-owned watches pain free." fortune - february 18, 2021 hodinkee acquires pre-owned watch retailer crown & caliber "hodinkee, the new york–based wristwatch media and retail company, has acquired crown & caliber, an online retailer of pre-owned watches based in atlanta." hodinkee - february 18, 2021 hodinkee acquires leading pre-owned luxury watch specialists crown & caliber "hodinkee, the preeminent destination for all things watches, is pleased to announce its acquisition of the leading online pre-owned luxury watch specialists crown & caliber. the deal further solidifies hodinkee’s mission of making the world of watches better by investing in and developing products that cater to today’s enthusiasts." insidehook - february 1, 2021 12 men’s watches that would make the perfect valentine’s day gift for her “the primary draws for a men’s design over a ladies’ would be size and options,” says travis hines, head watchmaker at crown and caliber. gear patrol - december 3, 2020 the 10 best vintage watches under $1,000, according to experts "here, three vintage watch specialists — eric wind of wind vintage, nick pardo, previously of analog/shift and hamilton powell of crown & caliber — opine on the best timepieces that can be realistically acquired for less than a grand." gear patrol - september 1, 2020 how to buy a rolex watch "buying a new rolex can be a complicated endeavor because rolex intentionally shorts demand on more than a few models (especially steel sports models), thus creating years-long waitlists at authorized rolex dealers." new york magazine - august 19, 2020 the best men’s watches under $500, according to watch people "hamilton powell, the ceo of online watch dealer crown & caliber, tells us the watch “checks so many of the boxes collectors look for: a great vintage feel and a reissue design that’s faithful to its predecessor.” gq magazine - august 3, 2020 how to start collecting watches "focusing your collection around a general theme makes it possible to collect across brands while still gathering deep knowledge. hamilton powell, the ceo of crown & caliber, a retailer of preowned watches, for instance, collects watches made for the french air force." insidehook - april 22, 2020 now is the perfect time to invest in a colorful watch “colorful watches give the wearer a chance to depart from more traditional black, white, and metallic colors,” says nathan nerswick, a watch specialist at crown & caliber. “it allows them to inject a bit more personality into their wardrobe when they are dressing up or down.” gq magazine - may 28, 2020 how breitling, bremont and more watch brands are helping fight covid-19 "luxury objects might rightly be described as “things no one really needs”, but the coronavirus pandemic has demonstrated that charity doesn't necessarily begin at home for the brands that make them." robb report - may 28, 2020 get your hands on a rolex at crown & caliber’s latest charity watch auction "crown & caliber is kicking off another round of fundraising to help creative professionals impacted by covid-19. last month, the atlanta-based pre-owned watch e-tailer raised $25,000 through an online auction, called giving time, in partnership with atlanta-based chef and watch collector alton brown." hooniverse - may 28, 2020 bid on john oates’ porsche design timepiece for a charitable cause "like many people who appreciate fine machines, john has a thing for mechanical watches, or should i say timepieces, as well. while his collection is probably vast, he has decided to collaborate with crown & caliber, the giant watch retailer, to donate a porsche design 1919 chronotimer flyback to a charity auction that will benefit the musicares charitable foundation (his choice)." hodinkee - march 31, 2020 found alton brown is auctioning two of his personal watches for charity "he recently announced on his instagram that he is auctioning off two of his own watches in partnership with crown & caliber to raise money for the giving kitchen, an atlanta-based non-profit that provides emergency assistance to food service workers (some of the most hard-hit people right now, with restaurant closures cascading across the country)." luxury society - march 5, 2020 breitling's antonio carriero: "the brand is still in transformation" "then there is also the online trade-in programme that we have in collaboration with crown & caliber. here, customers can trade-in their old watches from breitling – or any other brand, really – for a voucher towards a new breitling purchase." fortune - april 18, 2020 buying time: how watches are finding new homes online "a new generation of watch lovers are selling the most analog of collectibles on the internet...someone looking to sell a neglected watch, or looking to fund their next watch purchase, can go to crown & caliber’s website, enter details on the piece and receive an instant offer for the watch based on market trends." gq - january 23, 2020 how john mayer became the watch world’s most influential collector "the musician’s taste in watches echoes across the entire industry. what makes mayer such a force?" men's journal - november 7, 2019 breitling and crown & caliber just made it easier for you to get a new luxury watch "getting tired of your usual watch? now you can trade it in for a brand-new breitling. the esteemed swiss watchmaker has partnered with crown & caliberopens in a new window., the online retailer which lets you..." robb report - november 7, 2019 you can now trade in any preowned luxury watch for a breitling credit "the swiss watch trade has been slow to embrace the pre-owned market. citing logistical challenges around issues like markups, sales platforms and residual value, most luxury watchmakers have resisted..." watchtime - november 7, 2019 breitling and crown & caliber team up for online trade-in program "breitling will provide trade offers on all luxury watch brands towards the online purchase of a new breitling in the united states. the free estimate services are powered by crown & caliber." fox business - november 7, 2019 breitling, crown & caliber partner for 'very valuable' trade-in program "breitling us president thierry prissert and crown & caliber ceo and founder hamilton powell are teaming up to create luxury watch trade-in for buyers and sellers." jck online - october 24, 2019 the 3 best-selling watches on crown & caliber right now "watches from rolex, tudor, and omega top the list of best-selling luxury timepieces on crown & caliber, the atlanta-based e-tailer of pre-owned watches." insidehook - october 10, 2019 it’s time to embrace the square watch "summer is long gone at this point, so if you’re ready for a change of pace, ditch the big, round diver you’ve been wearing all summer long and consider something a little more edgy — embrace the square." insidehook - october 2, 2019 what makes a great sports watch? "whether it’s rory mcilroy sporting an omega on the course, serena williams playing in an audemars piguet or phil mickelson rocking a rolex when he tees it up, athletes love showing off their timepieces. and maybe nobody loves to show the world what they’re telling time with quite like odell beckham jr." people - september 25, 2019 inside tyler rich and sabina gadecki's fabulous festival-themed wedding: all the photos "the country singer weds the l.a.'s finest actress in a music-festival-themed tennessee ceremony" 11alive news - september 23, 2019 going the extra mile "see how crown & caliber partners with map international to help supply medicines to those in need worldwide." business insider - september 10, 2019 rafael nadal and odell beckham jr. may play in their stupidly expensive watches, but that doesn't mean you should too "tennis and luxury watches go hand in hand." askmen - september 4, 2019 winning watches at the u.s. open "this year marks the 139th edition of tennis' us open and the fourth and final grand slam event of the year. drawing celebrities from every corner of entertainment including sofia vergara, priyanka chopra, alec baldwin, jim parsons, jonathan van ness, justin theroux and even tiger woods, it’s hard not to show some enthusiasm when you have superstar sisters venus and serena williams taking the court and russia’s daniil medvedev emerging as the latest lobbing bad boy, trolling the officials with enough gusto to make more than a few solid headlines." gear patrol - august 19, 2019 how to buy a rolex watch "why rolex is so popular after nearly a century, especially now that so many other excellent watch brands are around, is a legitimate question." fatherly - july 05, 2019 10 waterproof watches for men to wear all summer long “first and foremost, make sure you choose a watch that is truly water-resistant,” watch collector and founding ceo of crown & caliber, hamilton powell said. “this means you will likely need to steer towards sport-watches.” glossy- june 06, 2019 the rise of authentication has curbed the flow of counterfeits to fashion resellers “having founded this company, the hardest thing to create is trust,…historically, people have not wanted to buy used through ebay or places like that because of a lack of trust. we went to great lengths, with finding the best of the best in terms of talent, no-questions-asked returns, a full-year warranty. those kinds of things matter in the resale space.” the fashion law - june 4, 2019 the fashion law “historically, less than 5 percent of the watches that we authenticate are fake...at one point this number was as high as 10 percent." askmen - april 9, 2019 top gmt watches for 2019 "really what they’re doing is adding an extra wheel in the gears that enables you to keep track of two or more time zones." jck online - april 4, 2019 the skinny on the secondhand watch market "a lot of the big retailers are in one city at one time," powell said. "it makes it easy to have meetings. plus, we feel it’s important to maintain relationships with the brands. they’re beginning to realize what happens with pre-owned affects the new market. i can foresee that’ll become a more important part of our business longer term." business insider - march 31, 2019 from a $100 swatch to a $20,000 rolex, these are the watches worn by the most powerful people in business and finance "a watch can say something without using words. it conveys style, achievement and can be the ultimate icebreaker" glossy - march 27, 2019 how rolex is fueling the watch resale industry “we were actually very intentional about not just becoming a rolex factory,” said hamilton powell, founder of another watch reseller, crown & caliber. “customers want variety and diversity, so we made that a key part of our strategy. but even then, rolex makes up the largest share of our sales, at about 30 percent of our inventory.” jck online - march 25, 2019 smartwatches outsold analog watches in 2018’s 4th quarter, study says watches sold or perceived as gender-neutral gained in popularity. “sales of watches without a specific gender designation were the only segment to grow in 2018, up 35 percent in total msrp dollar sales,” according to the report. wall street journal - march 19, 2019 would you buy a luxury watch online? "if you’re in the market for an $18,600, 18-karat-gold vacheron constantin wrist watch but can’t imagine peeling yourself off the couch, you’re in luck." insider - march 7, 2019 the jonas brothers wore $80,000-worth of matching rolexes on 'the late late show', and nick's was the most expensive "the watch experts at crown & caliber told insider that they would be worth around $25,000 each. you can buy a similar model second-hand for around $18,000." bloomberg - february 2, 2019 it’s the end of your wardrobe as you know it "the secondary timepiece market is booming right now. never has it been as easy to get a great watch from a classic swiss brand, which means its nigh time you lock down the accessory that pulls every outfit together." women's wear daily - january 03, 2019 online retailers begin to shift luxury watch market "it is possible to create a luxury experience online,” powell said, noting his site has a net promoter score consistently landing in the mid-80s. powell equates the evolution of online shopping in the watch space being attributed to “pricing transparency, pre- owned legitimacy and online comfort." national jeweler - december 19, 2018 london jewelers is offering a watch trade-in program "our partnership with london jewelers gives customers an easy and enjoyable avenue to gain real value for what they own, whether that be in compensation, a new watch or a piece of jewelry after trading in." men's journal - december 13, 2018 7 luxury watches to give the stylish guy on your list this year "the chronomat was one of breitling’s big breakthroughs in the watchmaking industry and remains a flagship model. it also inspired the iconic navitimer." yahoo finance - december 13, 2018 london jewelers and crown & caliber introduce luxury watch trade-in program "our trade-in program is designed for the customer, within a 20-mile radius of new york city, there are likely hundreds of millions in pre-owned watch inventory sitting on people's dressers or wrists. our partnership with london jewelers gives customers an easy and enjoyable avenue to gain real value for what they own..." robb report - november 26, 2018 watch e-tailers join forces to make it easier for you to trade in or up "together, we allow consumers to receive a premium value for their existing timepieces to be used toward the purchase of a brand-new luxury watch." jck - november 20, 2018 crown & caliber founder’s most investment-worthy watches for 2018 "i can’t say enough about tudor,” he adds. “they’ve built a brand in the shadow of rolex, and it’s absolutely a stand-alone brand. the black bay in particular does a great job of pointing to the roots of tudor." luxury daily - november 18, 2018 crown & caliber brings pre-owned and new together with troverie "pre-owned watch seller crown & caliber is teaming up with timepiece platform troverie to enable luxury buyers to trade up their watches." yahoo finance - november 14, 2018 crown & caliber and troverie announce luxury watch trade in, trade up program "the program offers owners and collectors of high-end timepieces a trusted and accessible avenue to realize immediate value for their unwanted luxury timepieces and trade up for a new watch on troverie, securing a new, guaranteed authentic luxury timepiece at a fraction of one’s previous out-of-pocket cost." bloomberg - october 25, 2018 the small dealers shaping the vintage watch business "this was, in many ways, the last great industry that did not have a robust and professional secondary market,” says powell, pointing to used cars, used furniture, and even used golf clubs." gear patrol - september 04, 2018 three watch experts talk about their first vintage watches "by understanding the genesis of a purposeful watch, it makes one enjoy modern watches much more." business insider - august 21, 2018 the most expensive watches worn by the world's most elite athletes "we got a helping hand from the experts at crown & caliber to determine the make and models of 20 timepieces worn by the world's top athletes." the manual - august 20, 2018 crown & caliber is the stockx of luxury pre-owned watches "the risk is multiplied in the luxury category because of authenticity, but with watches particularly there’s an added risk of functionality." business insider - august 05, 2018 men around the world are wearing broken watches — but an expert says there's more than one reason why "it's a moment where we remember that there's a beauty to not being so busy, there's a beauty to simplicity and this is actually the last simple thing that i own." business insider - august 03, 2018 the 3 biggest mistakes make when buying a watch, according to an expert "by buying a pre-owned watch, you're skipping that initial depreciation hit that the original owner has taken." robb report - july 06, 2018 mb&f enters the pre-owned watch business "multi-label pre-owned retailers like crown & caliber and truefacet have caused enough disruption to the marketplace that both industry trade publications like hodinkee and revolution have even joined the business." robb report - july 06, 2018 crown & caliber reveals its bestselling watches for 2018 "powell says their inventory is moving quickly—an average watch sells in 62 days. their top-selling timepieces, such as their rolex submariners, move in just 15 days." conde nast traveler - june 13, 2018 traveler's dad whisperer on what to buy for father's day "giving a good watch to a parent is like throwing a boomerang—it comes back to you eventually." jck online - may 29, 2018 5 hot vintage watches to hunt for at jck las vegas 2018 "in the '50s scuba diving really started to boom, so watch companies began to develop dive watches,” says powell. “blancpain’s fifty fathoms is arguably the first watch purposely made for diving." conde nast traveler - may 23, 2018 time and place: rolex in upstate new york "it was loaned to me for this week’s column by my friends at crown and caliber, who have a large selection of pre-owned pieces, verified by their team of watchmakers who can not only confirm its authenticity but also perform any necessary service. i also love their one-year warranty, just for peace of mind." gear patrol - may 04, 2018 save money on three iconic luxury watches by buying them used "the silver lining here is that you can buy relatively new timepieces, made within the last couple decades, at a healthy discount." martha stewart weddings - may 03, 2018 how to choose the perfect watch for your groom-to-be "plus, say the experts at crown & caliber, a watch can look wonderful in photos but doesn't look great on his specific wrist, so you'll want to "ensure that there is a return policy with purchase." fortune - april 25, 2018 only pilots who’ve cheated death could buy this watch — until now "for collectors of aviation watches, this sale, via crown & caliber, represents a rare opportunity to join one of the most exclusive watch ownership clubs out there—without first having to stare death in the face." bloomberg - april 25, 2018 only pilots who’ve cheated death could buy this watch, until now "it reminds me of not only what happened on the day i ejected but also my dream to become a fighter pilot, the hard work and dedication it took to achieve that dream, and where the incident has taken me since" the wall street journal - april 18, 2018 the expert's guide to buying a used timepiece "another good deal appeared on atlanta’s crown &amp; caliber website: a longines master collection watch for $2,250, about $1,650 less than a new model." the hollywood reporter - april 09, 2018 how to make money on watch investing "among the standouts seen at the 2018 watch fairs in geneva and basel this year are rolex's new gmt- master ii in a red and blue colorway known as "pepsi" (ellen degeneres owns a vintage example), priced at around $9,300 in steel. "i could see that selling for $20,000 to $25,000 easily in the next two to three years." men's journal - april 09, 2018 buying a watch online? this site will make sure it’s not a counterfeit "3-d printing, computer-generated dial reprints, as well as just the anonymous access to the unwitting consumer through the internet—that’s really what’s driving a lot of these, the higher quality of these fake watches..." robb report - april 05, 2018 crown & caliber is selling a rare bremont mbi ejection seat pilot watch "we love celebrating any watch with a unique story, and you don’t get much more unique than someone with a bremont mbi." watchpro - april 03, 2018 signet starts accepting trade-in swiss watches at its jared stores "the trade-in program will enable jared customers to receive in-store credit, cash or the opportunity to upgrade to a new timepiece based on a quote for the value of their trade-in watch from crown &amp; caliber." atlanta magazine - april 01, 2018 quality time: atlanta-based crown & caliber is changing the game for preowned luxury watches "until recently, there hasn’t been a reliable marketplace for preowned luxury watches. but atlanta-based consignor crown &amp; caliber is trying to fill that gap with a business model based on high-end car dealerships." the wall street journal (digital and print) - april 18, 2018 the expert's guide to buying a used watch "the best of these startups offer authenticity guarantees, respectable warranties and solid return policies, along with servicing by swiss-trained watchmakers." diamonds.net - april 03, 2018 jared to offer luxury watch trade-in "guests who are interested in trading in a pre-owned timepiece now have a convenient and trusted solution, along with the opportunity to take advantage of our high-quality selection of timepieces and fine jewelry" jck - march 29, 2018 jared announces trade-in program for luxury watches "jared the galleria of jewelry is debuting a nationwide program that will allow customers to trade in their luxury watches for either cash or store credit, the retailer announced today. the program is being run in conjunction with crown &amp; caliber, an online marketplace for pre-owned timepieces." business insider - march 07, 2018 these are the watches worn by the most powerful ceos in the world "for some businessmen, a wristwatch is more than a time-telling device. it's a statement. "a watch is the greatest icebreaker there is," says hamilton powell, the ceo of crown &amp; caliber, an online secondary market for luxury watches." new york times - january 15, 2018 watch brands confront a risky business: the secondhand market "equipped with sophisticated pricing algorithms and teams of in-house watchmakers, these e-tailers say it is only a matter of time before brands recognize the sites as allies in the pre-owned watch business." 2017 press forbes - november 27, 2017 how a pre-owned watch dealer scaled the art of identifying fake luxury timepiece "crown & caliber's basic business model is simple. the company accumulates good quality pre-owned watches, checks and verifies them, and then sells them to the consumer with the promise of a much faster and hassle-free buying experience compared to buying direct from another consumer." atlanta journal constitution - november 21, 2017 luxury watch company crown & caliber moves to north fulton "currently, there are more than 2,000 watches listed on the crown & caliber marketplace. every watch is sold with a one-year comprehensive warranty." forbes - november 17, 2017 how a pre-owned watch dealer scaled the art of identifying fake luxury timepiece "in effect, one of crown & caliber's unspoken promises to its consumers is that the watches they have for sale are all real. what makes this possible is a system crown & caliber has put in place to effectively identify fake watches." gear patrol - september 29, 2017 save hundreds of dollars on pre-owned rolexes, omegas, iwcs and more "the depreciation hit has already been taken by someone else, and if you do decide to sell later on you’ll likely get back roughly what you paid for it ..." yahoo finance - may 13, 2017 crown & caliber’s founder discusses trends and transparency in pre-owned watches "however, what happens to their product in the pre-owned market can affect the brand’s mainstream image. if this product is dumped on a street corner or sold on ebay, it is bound to have a negative effect on the brand." robb report - may 03, 2017 crown & caliber’s founder discusses trends and transparency in pre-owned watches "a watch can be real…but can have all sorts of problems on the inside. water damage, inaccurate timing, borrowed parts, etc. a watch can have over 300 moving parts, so if you are buying a pre-owned watch from someone, you better trust them that they will be there for you if something goes wrong." forbes - february 17, 2017 a new and better way to buy, sell, or collect fine watches "...but i’ve been researching it and spoke to the owner and some watch loving friends, and i will almost certainly buy my next watch here." 2016 press a blog to watch - december 23, 2016 how john mayer became the watch world’s most influential collector "they want to be “passionate stewards” for every watch they list and strive to get the very best value for both buyers and sellers alike." jck - november 22, 2016 hamilton powell on what keeps crown & caliber ticking "the conversations we’ve had with the brands have always been positive. what we’re doing is maintaining their brand integrity in the secondary marketplace." 2015 press worn & wound - september 10, 2015 crown & caliber: a better way to buy and sell watches "knowing that you’re buying a watch in proper working order with a recently serviced movement offers a peace of mind that traditional online sales often can’t provide." techcrunch - september 09, 2015 crown & caliber unveils a new marketplace for watch lovers "as someone who’s gotten burned on watch sales before, something like crown & caliber is pretty compelling. while it’s been hard to pry my apple watch off my wrist of late, i definitely could strap on a ploprof if you forced it on me. i’d just miss siri." new york times - september 07, 2015 crown & caliber joins forces with neiman marcus "now the company has announced an in-store arrangement with neiman marcus. a customer who brings a watch into one of neiman marcus’s 41 stores can receive store credit for the equivalent of crown & caliber’s valuation plus an additional 15 percent." luxury daily - april 13, 2015 neiman marcus ventures into pre-owned watches with crown & caliber collaboration "department store chain neiman marcus is expanding its watch selection through a partnership with luxury timepiece consignor crown & caliber." 2014 press hodinkee - march 05, 2014 crown & caliber founder hamilton powell "whether you're someone looking to sell a piece so you can step up to that next level or someone looking to buy your first vintage watch, crown & caliber tries to make the process as low-friction as possible." awards 2020 digital commerce 360 top 1000 2019 internet retailer top 1000 2018 internet retailer top 1000 atlanta business chronicle pacesetter award 2017 hot 100 most innovative e-tailer for press inquiries, please contact press@crownandcaliber.com. be the first to know subscribe to the crown & caliber newsletter crown & caliber trusted partners in the news buying watch financing why buy from us watch accessories our policies returns & exchanges product warranty shipping information terms of service privacy policy cookie policy accessibility help center faqs my account sizing guide contact us sitemap customer service contact us click here 5500 interstate north parkwaysuite 100 atlanta, ga 30328 instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest accepted payment purchase with confidence top © 2015-2024 crown & caliber llc. all rights reserved. we are a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites. except where noted otherwise, the brands whose items we sell are not associated with crown & caliber, llc, and the brand names are the trademarks of their respective owners. we are an independent dealer, and are not an authorized reseller of any of the items we sell. except where noted, retail pricing information on our products are estimates based on multiple sources. read more about how we arrive at our pricing values. do not sell my info