来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230173348/http://www.anntaylor.com/custserv/custserv.jsp?slotId=AT_Customer_Service_Shopping_On
================================================================================

customer service top questions | ann taylor 40% off* full-price tops details free shipping on $175 or more & $8.95 flat-rate shipping now offering international shipping to over 100 locations. step 1: choose shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaçao cyprus czech republic côte d'ivoire denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania russian federation rwanda réunion saint barthélemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe step 2: choose your currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac canadian dollar cayman islands dollar chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira us dollar ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso yuan renminbi international shipping faqs bag (-) site search search clothing clothing new arrivals sweaters blouses + tops dresses outerwear jackets pants skirts cashmere knits + tees denim suits features must have looks at3ways 2-piece dressing resort explore must have looks shoes shoes view all boots + booties pumps heels flats sale shoes accessories accessories view all jewelry handbags capes + ponchos scarves hats gloves belts sunglasses legwear spanx features cold weather accessories silk littles petites petites new arrivals petite fit guide sweaters blouses + tops dresses outerwear jackets pants skirts knits + tees denim suits explore petite fit guide tall tall view all dresses jackets pants skirts denim suits tops work work suits work tops work jackets work dresses work skirts work-to-weekend explore a.t. at work a.t. the moment a.t. the moment must have looks at3ways blue + green waves + stripes style gallery pant fit guide denim fit guide sale sale view all new to sale blouses + tops knits + tees sweaters dresses skirts jackets + outerwear pants denim suits shoes accessories final sale features petite sale customer service live chat home customer service customer service terms of use privacy + security ann taylor credit card contact us top questions order status + tracking returns + exchanges shopping on ann taylor gift card + gifting services my account subscription updates international contact us shopping on ann taylor wishlist create a wishlist and make your style dreams come true! simply log into your account, select an item and click the add to wishlist button beneath the add to bag button. you’ll get confirmation that it’s been added, and you can keep shopping away. you can access your wishlist anytime by clicking the wishlist icon on our website header, next to your account. fabric glossary ann taylor provides a range of fabric offerings for every product and every occasion. to learn more about the fabrics we use, their special features and benefits, as well as how to care for them, select this option from any product detail page. sizing/fit information ann taylor is proud to provide consistent sizing to all its clients in misses, petite and tall sizes. click here for more details on our size charts by product category. grab a measuring tape and follow our detailed measuring instructions to ensure that you get the best fit possible. please remember, however, that styles change with each season. therefore, you should look closely at each product description for specific indicators as to how each garment will fit. find in store find in store is a tool in our online store, which allows our clients to locate merchandise from any of our ann taylor retail locations. the find in store link will be displayed on each product detail page that, when clicked, will pre-populate your original product. you will be asked to select a color and size from the drop down menu, as well as the zip code of the area in which you wish to shop. find in store search results will display all store locations within a 150 mile radius of the zip code entered. you will be able to print these search results. due to the rapid change in inventory positions throughout the day, we cannot guarantee availability. if the item is available at anntaylor.com, you may place an order yourself or call 1 800 dial ann (342-5266). if the item you want is in a local store, you may visit that location. shopping bag for your convenience, as a registered signed-in user of anntaylor.com, when you exit the site, any items that remain in your shopping bag will automatically be saved for your next visit. to view the items you have saved when you return, simply sign in to anntaylor.com and click on the shopping bag link in the navigation bar. your bag will be automatically updated as you add in new items. if you begin shopping before you sign in, a new shopping bag will be started for you. when you sign in to begin the checkout process, your current shopping bag will be merged with any items saved during a previous visit. please note that saving items in your shopping bag does not reserve them for purchase at a later date. if any of the items in your saved bag sell out, they will be removed or you will receive a message during checkout stating that the item(s) are no longer available to order. you will need to remove the sold out items from your bag in order to complete the checkout process. to take advantage of this convenient feature and many others, click here to register or go directly to the "sign in" page from the navigation bar. optimize your browsing anntaylor.com is best viewed with firefox, chrome and safari browsers. shipping options anntaylor.com can ship orders to all locations within the united states and puerto rico, as well as internationally. click here for information on international shipping. our shipping options include standard shipping, 3-day business shipping and next day business shipping. to ensure the prompt delivery of your order, we recommend that you place your order by 3 pm est. business day refers to monday through friday, excluding holidays. saturday and sunday deliveries are currently not available. *standard shipping standard orders are processed once credit card authorization and verification have been obtained. orders shipped via standard delivery typically arrive in five (5) to eight (8) business days (monday-friday, not including holidays). standard shipping is not available for alaska, hawaii and puerto rico addresses. gift cards, packaging, taxes and prior purchases do not qualify toward the minimum purchase requirement. thus, the offer cannot be applied to such items. if you choose another shipping option, additional charges will apply. standard shipping for orders under $175 orders of $174.99 or less will be shipped at a flat rate of $8.95 standard shipping for orders over $175 to be eligible for standard free shipping, the order value must be $175 qualifying amount must be met after any promotion or discount is applied gift cards, packaging, taxes and prior purchases do not qualify toward the minimum purchase requirement additional charges apply if: you choose another shipping option (3-day business or next day business shipping) you are shipping to: alaska, hawaii or puerto rico addresses **3-day business shipping flat rate $14.95 for third day shipping and handling charges orders placed after 3 p.m. est monday-friday and on weekends will be processed on the following business day (business day refers to monday-friday, excluding holidays) ***next day business shipping flat rate $24.95 for next business day shipping and handling charges orders placed by 3 p.m. est monday-friday, will be delivered next business day orders placed after 3 p.m. est monday-friday and on weekends, will arrive on the second business day (business day refers to monday-friday, excluding holidays) not available for alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, p.o. boxes, apo/fpo addresses and certain remote locations not guaranteed for p.o. boxes. your order will be sent via usps express service gift box charge: for gift boxed items, each item will be individually packaged at a cost of $4.95 per box. please note, each item will receive one gift envelope with your personalized message. billing information when selecting your credit card payment option, be sure to include the billing address that is associated with the credit card you are using to make your purchase. we want to ensure that your order is processed without delay. currently, we are unable to accept orders with billing addresses outside of the 50 u.s. states and puerto rico. payment options we offer you the convenience of numerous payment options for your online order. these options include the ann taylor card, ann taylor e-gift certificate, ann taylor gift card or any one of 5 additional major credit cards: american express, mastercard, visa, diners club, discover and jcb. simply enter the information in step 3 of our checkout process. all payments must be made in full at time of shipment. to make a payment to your ann taylor credit card account, click here. please note: we cannot process gift cards issued by american express, discover, mastercard and visa. if you try to place an order using one of these gift cards, it will fail. however, your funds will be authorized. to avoid having to contact client services to remove the authorization, please do not attempt to use a gift card issued by american express, discover, mastercard or visa. payment option exceptions please note that we are unable to accept any form of payment with a non-u.s. billing address (outside of the 50 states and puerto rico). we cannot accept checks or money orders at this time. taxes anntaylor.com follows all applicable taxing regulations for the areas where we do business. each of the 50 u.s. states and puerto rico has established state tax regulations. taxes are charged according to the shipping address(es) of your order. promotions and coupons occasionally, ann taylor will offer code-based promotions that can be redeemed online. promotions and discounts, including free shipping, will be communicated on the website, through emails, and direct marketing, such as mailers. to redeem a code-based promotion, perform the following steps: in the shopping bag, enter your promotion code in the space marked "promo code." click the "apply" button on the right side of the page. prices for the items that are valid for the discount will be reduced by the amount of the promotion, and reflected in your order summary. the following restrictions apply: to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotion period. some promotional offers may not be combined with other offers in the same order. your order may need to be of a certain dollar amount to qualify; shipping and taxes are not applicable towards the qualifying amount. enter the code in the shopping bag in the space marked "promo code," and then click the "apply" button. prices and shipping charges, if applicable, will be adjusted according to the applied promotion, with the discount reflected in your grand total. only one promotional code may be used per order. offers may be used only once unless otherwise specified. free shipping offers are valid on standard shipping for orders placed at anntaylor.com with a specified minimum purchase. standard shipping is not available in ak, hi or pr. taxes, shipping and handling fees, purchases of gift cards, charges for gift boxes and payment of ann taylor credit cards do not count towards the qualifying amount. the offer may only apply to certain price points (full-price only) or select products. offers may not be valid in ann taylor stores. offers are not valid at loft stores, ann taylor factory stores, loft outlet stores and loft.com. offers are not valid on purchases of gift cards. offer is not for resale and is not redeemable for cash. no adjustments to prior purchases, and cannot be applied to returned merchandise. gift boxing our signature gift boxes are the perfect packaging for the perfect gift. each item you wish to have gift-boxed will be individually packaged at a cost of $4.95 per box. checkout & order processing to save you time, we've made our checkout process efficient and easy to complete. just follow the prompts in the simple one-page checkout process. when you attempt to checkout--from the product page, your shopping bag, or from the top navigational bar--you will first be reminded to sign in or register with anntaylor.com. in step 1 of checkout, you will be asked to fill in your shipping information. at this point, you will enter: the address(es) to where your order will be shipped; your preferred shipping method(s.. if you are entering a new address which you have never shipped to before, you will also have the option of saving the name and address in your address book, so you won't have to re-enter this information in the future. please be sure to click on the check box when prompted to add the name and address to your address book. to read more about the anntaylor.com address book, click here in step 2, you will enter your billing and payment information. if you have a saved payment method, click "change" to add a new payment method. you will then be prompted to change your payment method or add your ann taylor online e-gift certificate, ann taylor gift card and/or ann rewards card. the final step of checkout is to confirm that we have all of the correct information for your order including: the billing and shipping information, your total order amount, shipping costs, taxes, promotional discounts, and/or gift charges and credits. the final total that will be charged to your credit card will appear on the bottom of the page. when you have confirmed that all of the information on this page is correct, click on the "purchase" button next to your order total. you will receive e-mail confirmations both when your order is received as well as when your order is shipped. contact us email us clientservices@anntaylor.com please allow up to 24 hours to receive a response to your email. call us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 international 1-614-534-2755 write us ann taylor client services attn: senior director 4079 executive parkway 3rd floor westerville, ohio 43081-3859 live chat start now mon - fri: 8am to 11pm est sat - sun: 9am to 9pm est share your style get on the list sign up for email updates email address store locator credit cards gift cards customer service customer service track your order returns & exchanges shipping information size guide international orders contact us about our ads gift cards purchase a gift card check your balance ann taylor credit cards apply for an ann taylor credit card manage your account: our company ann taylor factory corporate about ann taylor careers ann cares loft store locator find a store ©2017 ann inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | california privacy | terms of use | site map | responsibly ann | california transparency | corporate | investors