来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230173348/http://www.anntaylor.com/privacy
================================================================================

customer service privacy & security | ann taylor semi annual sale: up to 70% off** sale styles details free shipping on $175 or more & $8.95 flat-rate shipping now offering international shipping to over 100 locations. step 1: choose shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaçao cyprus czech republic côte d'ivoire denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania russian federation rwanda réunion saint barthélemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe step 2: choose your currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac canadian dollar cayman islands dollar chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial peruvian nuevo sol pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira us dollar ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso yuan renminbi international shipping faqs bag (-) site search search clothing clothing new arrivals sweaters blouses + tops dresses outerwear jackets pants skirts cashmere knits + tees denim suits features party dressing must have looks at3ways 2-piece dressing resort shop party dressing shoes shoes view all boots + booties pumps heels flats sale shoes shop heels accessories accessories view all jewelry handbags cashmere accessories capes + ponchos scarves hats gloves belts sunglasses legwear spanx features cashmere accessories cold weather accessories silk littles shop cold weather accessories petites petites new arrivals petite fit guide sweaters blouses + tops dresses outerwear jackets pants skirts knits + tees denim suits explore petite fit guide tall tall view all dresses jackets pants skirts denim suits tops work work suits work tops work jackets work dresses work skirts work-to-weekend explore a.t. at work a.t. the moment a.t. the moment must have looks at3ways party outfits the silk littles black + white scallops navy + cream style gallery pant fit guide denim fit guide sale sale view all new to sale blouses + tops knits + tees sweaters dresses skirts jackets + outerwear pants denim suits shoes accessories final sale features petite sale customer service live chat home privacy & security customer service terms of use privacy + security ann taylor credit card contact us top questions order status + tracking returns + exchanges shopping on ann taylor gift card + gifting services my account subscription updates international contact us privacy + security us privacy policy ann inc. and our brands, which include but may not be limited to, ann taylor, loft and lou & grey (collectively, "ann"), value the trust you have placed in us. ann is committed to handling your personal information in a safe, secure and responsible manner. our privacy policy applies to information collected through the ann websites, www.anntaylor.com, www.loft.com, www.louandgrey.com, www.anninc.com, any additional websites, microsites, mobile sites or applications that ann may own, operate or sponsor in the future, or any website, microsite, mobile site or applications operated by a third party on which any contest or sweepstakes sponsored by ann are hosted that expressly adopt, and display or link to, this privacy policy (collectively, the "sites"). our privacy policy does not cover any information collected offline by ann (unless specifically stated). this privacy policy describes the information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it. we also explain the choices you can make about how we collect, use and share your information. frequently asked questions about our privacy policy what information does ann collect on the sites? we may collect personal and other information from you when you establish or update an ann account, enter a contest or sweepstakes, participate in a survey, quiz or poll, shop online, check the status of an order or review order history, join our mailing list or follow our brands on social networking sites, purchase and send a gift card, download or use our mobile apps, post customer reviews or apply for an ann credit card. categories of personal information collected include your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number and credit card number. we also gather navigational information about where visitors go on our sites and information about the technical operation of our sites and services. this information allows us to see which areas are most visited and helps us better understand our customers' experiences at our sites and tailor communications to our customers' interests. this helps us improve the quality of your online experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the preferred features, areas and services. please click here to learn more about how we and our service providers use cookies and other technologies for these purposes. information about your mobile device and computer (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider, internet protocol address and geo-location data) may also be collected by us or our service providers to learn about your use of our sites. we also collect information from other sources, including from social media and other websites that display authorized ann branding. for example, if you post a comment on any of our brands' facebook pages or send us a message on twitter, we may collect that information as described in this privacy policy. we also may collect information about you from commercially available sources such as data aggregators, advertising member networks and public databases. please note that we may combine or cross reference this information with other information that we collect about you and use it as described here. how is my information used? we use the information we collect from you for the following purposes: to process your order and answer your questions about the status of your order. to provide you with periodic e-mails, mailings and other communications about ann merchandise, services and promotions or to help us learn more about your shopping preferences. you may choose not to receive these communications as described below. to help us improve our online stores and your shopping experience. to provide location-based services, such as suggesting the location of nearby physical stores. to provide advertisements to you about our products and services on our sites and other websites. to analyze trends and statistics. to protect the security or integrity of our sites and our business. to contact you if necessary. as otherwise indicated in our terms of use. please note that when you provide personal information to one of our ann brands, we may share that information, including email, among our other ann brands. in addition, if you use the share feature on our sites to share any products with a friend, we will use your friend's name and the contact information you provide to effectuate such sharing. will my information be shared? ann is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you. advertising member networks & select companies. like other retailers, ann participates in advertising member networks with like-minded organizations where we may contribute certain information collected through our sites – including your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, purchase history, data collected through cookies and other technologies and geo-location data – so that other members may inform you about products or services that might interest you. we may also make your information directly available to select companies that we believe may offer products or services of interest to you or that help us better understand our customers and improve our services. if you would prefer that we not share your information with our advertising member networks or select companies, please click here. service providers. ann shares information about our customers with service providers so that we can provide better service to you, such as collecting, storing and managing customer information; providing customer services; taking and fulfilling orders; processing credit card information; conducting promotions and surveys for our brands; suggesting store locations nearby and communicating effectively with our customers. we restrict those service providers from making any use of your information other than to help us provide better service to you. we may also allow service providers to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies so that these entities can provide certain services to us. for example, we contract with service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet. they will collect information about your visits to our sites, and your interaction with our products and services. they may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for our products and services. these targeted advertisements may appear on our sites or on other websites that you visit. please click here to learn more about your choices regarding targeted advertising. ann also may share aggregated statistical or demographic information about our customers with service providers for customer analytics purposes so that we can better serve you. co-branded partners. co-branded partners are entities with whom we jointly offer a service or feature. you can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a co-branded partner because the co-branded partner's name will be featured prominently. you may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a co-branded partner. in doing so, you may be providing your information to both ann and the co-branded partner, or we may share your information directly with the co-branded partner. please note that the co-branded partner's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information. in addition, we may offer scrip programs, which allow you to instruct us to divert a percentage of the amount you spend on ann purchases to participating schools and other non-profit organizations, or loyalty programs, which allow you to earn "points" on purchases at ann brands and use the points toward certain rewards offered by the loyalty program. if you choose to participate in any scrip, loyalty or similar program in which an ann brand is a participating vendor, and you authorize ann or our credit card processor to provide information about your purchases to the company administering the program, we will share your personal information with that program. the information you authorize us to disclose to the scrip or loyalty program may include your name, your credit card number, the date and amount of your purchase, and any other information you have agreed that we may share. please note that once we disclose this information, the scrip or loyalty company may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy. you should review these policies carefully, as we have no control over them. sweepstakes, contests or promotions. when ann conducts contests, sweepstakes, promotions and surveys, or joins with other companies to do so, customers who choose to participate may be asked to provide personal information. we and the other participating companies may use this personal information for such purposes as notifying winners and fulfilling promotional obligations, and may also cross reference customer databases to identify common customers. information from these activities may be used by ann and the other participating companies to explore future promotional opportunities. even if you have chosen not to receive e-mail or postal mail from any of our ann brands prior to your participation in a contest, sweepstakes, promotion or survey, you may still receive information from our ann brands in connection with that activity if you register for or participate in it. you may choose not to participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions or surveys if you do not wish to receive information from ann or share your information with ann and the other companies sponsoring those activities. legal & other considerations. ann may disclose your personal information to others if we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with law, regulation, legal process or government request; enforce the terms of any of our policies; or protect the rights, property or safety of ann, our associates or our customers. we may also share your information in connection with or to effectuate a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, reorganization or liquidation. with your consent. you may be notified at the time your information is collected that it will be shared with a third party. if you proceed with providing your information after receiving that notice, you will be considered to have consented to have your information shared with the third party. what information is collected by other sites and services? if you are visiting any of our sites through a link from another website or search engine, information about your visit to our sites may be collected by the provider of the other website or search engine. we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these other websites or search engines. we may also enable you to navigate to other sites and services from our sites, and we may display content from these other sites and services. we do this for your convenience. we don't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these other sites and services. and we don't control and aren't responsible for their web practices. whether their content appears within our web environment (like a map frame), or you leave our sites to view the content on another website, those entities' terms, conditions, and privacy policies govern your online experience unless there's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise. please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices. here are some examples of situations where information may be collected by other sites and services: interactive maps. we may facilitate easy access to the online maps of content providers like google, microsoft, and yahoo! so that you can get location, driving, and contact information for our stores. sweepstakes, contests, and survey sites. we may rely on the expertise of other entities to run sweepstakes, contests, and surveys. in these cases, the other entity's privacy policy may apply to any personal information you provide in connection with the event. please take note of who's running the event in question, and the terms, conditions, and policies that apply social networking or other user-generated-content sites. we may facilitate easy access to social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content. this may include easy click-through access or "single sign-on" to these sites. the other site's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide to that site. the ann credit card site. we may enable you to navigate easily to the site of world financial network bank (wfnnb), where you can apply for an ann-branded credit card and pay invoices online. wfnnb issues and owns the ann-branded credit card accounts. when you apply online for an ann-branded credit card or pay your account online, you leave our sites and interact directly with wfnnb. any information you provide to wfnnb is subject to wfnnb's terms, conditions, and policies, including its privacy policy. does ann use location-based services? we may use location-based services to provide you with information through your wireline or mobile connection to our sites. if we do so and you have not disabled the location-enabled feature on your device, we may collect geo-location information from your device and we may share that information as described above. this location information is collected in a form that does not contain your contact information and may be used by ann to provide and improve location-based products and services (including, for example, helping us offer you the location of ann stores nearby). our applications may be designed to collect information even if you are not logged into the mobile ann applications or the sites. your device may offer privacy and security settings that allow you to manage how your device and browser share location information with others, as well as how your browser handles cookies and related technologies. please refer to instructions provided by your wireline or mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings. how does ann handle user-generated content? we may enable users to submit their own content for blogs, customer reviews, discussion forums, message boards and in other features on our sites. we do not restrict the distribution of personal information that you voluntarily disclose in these public forums, so please be aware that any information you disclose can be collected and used by others. for this reason, we encourage you to refrain from providing or sharing personal information about yourself in blog comment threads, customer reviews, discussion forums, message boards, and other areas where your submissions will be available to the public. we cannot prevent that information from being used in a manner that may violate this privacy policy or applicable law. how do i access or change information available in "my account" profile? if you want to change or review the information that we make available about you in your account profile, simply sign on to www.anntaylor.com or www.loft.com and click on "my account" on the navigation bar. you will then be able to change information stored in your account profile. be sure to click "save" when you complete your changes. you can also change or access this information by contacting our brands. please be sure to include or have ready your full name, address, phone number and e-mail address. you can request that we "delete" your personal information from your account profile. if you have requested to "delete" your account profile, all personal information about you that we have stored will be depersonalized and/or permanently deleted subject to legal and contractual restrictions. for example, we may continue to retain certain of your personal information for the purposes of collecting any outstanding debts owed to us. if you have requested to "close" your account or if we consider your account no longer active, we will continue to store your personal information for a reasonable period of time after which all personal information about you that we have stored will be promptly depersonalized and/or permanently deleted subject to legal and contractual restrictions. how do i unsubscribe or opt out? at various points on our sites, you have the option to join our email lists and receive information about our products, services and offers. also, if you provide us with your email address when you register online, update your account, log in, place an order, make a customer service inquiry, choose to receive our emails, request a catalog, participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey, or apply for an ann-branded credit card, you may automatically be added to our email list and receive marketing or promotional information from us. you can use the procedures described below to opt out of ann taylor marketing, loft marketing or sharing with advertising member networks or select companies. your opt-out request may take up to 10 business days to process, and you may receive communications from us in the meantime. please note that if you make subsequent purchases from our sites, we will confirm your order by e-mail, and we may need to contact you by phone, e-mail, or postal mail with other questions regarding your order. ann taylor if you prefer not to receive marketing or promotional information from ann taylor, please contact us at 1-800-dial-ann, clientservices@anntaylor.com or ann taylor client services, attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor, westerville, ohio 43081. please be sure to include your full name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and, specifically, what information you do not want to receive. for example: "i prefer not to receive email marketing." "i prefer not to receive direct mail marketing." "i prefer not to receive telephone marketing calls." "i prefer not to receive mobile marketing messages." you may also click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all ann taylor marketing emails to be removed from future email marketing. loft if you prefer not to receive marketing or promotional information from loft, please contact us at 1-888-loft-444, clientservices@loft.com or loft client services, attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor, westerville, ohio 43081. please be sure to include your full name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and, specifically, what information you do not want to receive. for example: "i prefer not to receive email marketing." "i prefer not to receive direct mail marketing." "i prefer not to receive telephone marketing calls." "i prefer not to receive mobile marketing messages." you may also click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all loft marketing emails to be removed from future email marketing. lou & grey if you prefer not to receive marketing or promotional information from lou & grey, please contact us at 1-844-214-3434, clientservices@louandgrey.com or lou & grey client services, attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor, westerville, ohio 43081. please be sure to include your full name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and, specifically, what information you do not want to receive and from which brand, lou & grey or loft. for example: "i prefer not to receive email marketing." "i prefer not to receive direct mail marketing." "i prefer not to receive telephone marketing calls." "i prefer not to receive mobile marketing messages." you may also click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all lou & grey marketing emails to be removed from future email marketing for the relevant brand. sharing with advertising member networks or select companies from time to time, we may share your information with members of advertising networks or select companies whose products or services may be of interest to you. these entities may have their own privacy policy in place to govern their treatment of your information. if you do not wish to have ann taylor, loft or lou & grey share your information with advertising member networks or select companies for their marketing purposes, you may: email customer service at clientservices@anntaylor.com or clientservices@loft.com with the phrase "no advertising member network or select company sharing" in the subject line; or contact customer service by regular mail or by phone as described above. please be sure to include your full name, email address, telephone number and mailing address in your communications with client services to opt out of sharing with advertising member networks or select companies. although we will stop sharing your information with advertising member networks or select companies upon receiving and processing your request, for entities who already have your information you will have to opt-out of their marketing communications by contacting them directly. what are cookies? do the sites use cookies or other technologies? cookies. cookies are a browser feature that assign a unique identification to your computer or mobile device. cookies are typically stored on your mobile device or computer's hard drive and are used by our sites to help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor, personalize your shopping experience and save and remember any preferences or other actions that may have been set while your browser was visiting our sites. for example, if you place items in your online shopping cart, we may use cookies to keep those items in your cart for your future access. we may also use technologies, such as cookies, to provide you with a more personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests. to opt out of ann taylor cookies used for this online advertising, click here. you can refuse cookies by turning them off in your internet or mobile browser. in order to disable cookies, please consult your browser's help section for instructions. if you turn off cookies, however, you may not be able to use some of the features of our sites, and you will not be able to purchase from our sites, as we will not be able to track your online order. you may still place an order by calling us at 1-800-dial-ann or 1-888-loft-444. other technologies. we may use "pixel tags" (also called web beacons, web bugs or clear gifs), which are tiny graphic images that are placed in the code on our sites and in our emails. pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our sites and our advertising. we work with service providers that help us track, collect and analyze this information. we use pixel tags, either alone or in conjunction with cookies, to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the sites. this information may include your mobile device or computer's ip address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer or mobile device. we may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our sites as well as the identity of the websites you visit after you leave our sites. we may also use local shared objects (sometimes referred to as "flash cookies"), browser web storage (including html5) and application data caches. these are used to enhance your user experience, for example, by storing your user preferences and settings, and in connection with animated content on our sites. these mechanisms operate similarly to browser cookies, but can store data more complex than simple text. to find out more about flash cookies or how to disable them, please click here http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html. some web browsers may transmit "do not track" signals to the websites and other online services with which the browser communicates. there is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals. we currently do not take action in response to these signals. if and when a standard for responding is established, we may revisit this policy on responding to these signals. by visiting our sites, you consent to our placement of cookies, pixel tags, local shared objects and other similar technologies on your computer and/or mobile device. service providers' use of cookies and other technologies. ann also may allow service providers to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies so that these entities can provide services to us. these and other third parties may collect or receive information about your use of our services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services. these service providers may use information about your activities on our sites and other websites and combine that information with other information (such as an email address) to serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet. some of these entities may be participants in the network advertising initiative and/or the self-regulatory program for online behavioral advertising. both of these programs allow users to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies. to learn more, please visit the following sites: http://www.networkadvertising.org/ or here http://www.aboutads.info/. to opt out, please visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. how does ann protect the security of my order information? the safety of your credit card information is important to us, and ann has taken measures to help protect the security of your online order information. ann uses secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to help keep your online order information safe. ssl technology encrypts your credit card number, order information and personal information before it is transmitted to help protect it from being decoded by anyone other than ann. our sites also display the verisign secure site seal, which indicates that our sites have been authenticated by verisign and that we use ssl encryption to transmit confidential information during sales transactions. specifically, once you enter the checkout page, your computer will begin communicating with our server using ssl encryption. you can determine the security of your connection by looking at the bottom of your internet browser window after you have accessed our sites. ssl technology is active if there is a solid key or a closed lock. you can also double-check by looking at the url line of your browser. when accessing a security-enhanced server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https". some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through security-enhanced servers like the ones we use to process orders on our sites. if you cannot access the security-enhanced server for any reason, you can place your order by calling 1-800-dial-ann or 1-888-loft-444. while we implement ssl technology and other security measures to protect your information, please note that no data transmitted over the internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. what if i am accessing the sites from outside the united states? if you are visiting our sites from a location outside of the united states, you may be connected to servers located within the united states or in other countries whose data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. by providing your information to us, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to facilities located outside of your country of residence, and understand that your information will be stored and processed in accordance with u.s. law. what happens to my personal information when i place an order from outside the united states? ann offers customers the ability to ship orders internationally. in these cases, ann partners with borderfree, ("borderfree"), a u.s.-based service provider that we have contracted with to facilitate the sale and fulfillment of international online purchases. borderfree will process your information in accordance with its privacy policy. to learn more about borderfree's privacy policy, please visit www.borderfree.com/privacy. when we identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally, we work with borderfree to complete your order. on the checkout page, you will be required to submit credit card and contact information to borderfree to complete your order. borderfree will be solely responsible for processing your financial transaction and we will not have access to your credit card information. upon completion of your order, borderfree will notify us of the approval of your order, and we will then ship approved orders to borderfree. simultaneously, borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you. in this process, borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record. when ordering a product, you will be presented with borderfree's terms and conditions and privacy policy to which you must agree in order to complete your transaction. once you place your order, you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive marketing and other communications from ann brands. if you agree that borderfree may share your data with ann, we will protect and use your information in order to supply you with such communications and as otherwise set forth in our privacy policy. what is "phishing"? "phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. if you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. we will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email. how does ann protect children's privacy? ann is concerned about the privacy of young children and our sites do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13 years of age. what are my california privacy rights? residents of the state of california may request a list of all third parties to which ann has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident and want a list, you should send a request to clientservices@anninc.com or contact us at: ann client services attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor westerville, ohio 43081 you need to provide the statement "your california privacy rights" in the subject field of your e-mail or on the envelope or post card and in the actual request. for all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. we will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. what if there are changes to this privacy policy or if i have other questions? we may update the privacy policy from time to time. if we make material changes to this privacy policy or our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the changes on our sites. you may wish to check this section from time to time, because by visiting our sites, you agree to accept these changes to the privacy policy. except as otherwise mentioned herein, this privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our sites. if you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us: ann client services attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor westerville, ohio 43081 effective as of february 4, 2013. ann inc. canadian privacy policy ann inc., ann canada inc. and our brands, which include but may not be limited to, ann taylor, loft and lou & grey (collectively, "ann"), value the trust you have placed in us. ann is committed to handling your personal information in a safe, secure and responsible manner. our canadian privacy policy applies to information collected at our canadian stores or through the ann websites, www.anntaylor.com, www.loft.com,www.louandgrey.com, www.anninc.com, any additional websites, microsites, mobile sites or applications that ann may own, operate or sponsor in the future, or any website, microsite, mobile site or applications operated by a third party on which any contest or sweepstakes sponsored by ann are hosted that expressly adopt, and display or link to, this privacy policy (collectively, the "sites"). our privacy policy does not cover any information collected offline by ann (unless specifically stated). this privacy policy describes the information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it. we also explain the choices you can make about how we collect, use and share your information. frequently asked questions about our privacy policy what information does ann collect on the sites? we may collect personal and other information from you when you establish or update an ann account, enter a contest or sweepstakes, participate in a survey, quiz or poll, shop online, check the status of an order or review order history, join our mailing list or follow our brands on social networking sites, purchase and send a gift card, download or use our mobile apps, post customer reviews or apply for an ann credit card. categories of personal information collected include your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number and credit card number. we also gather navigational information about where visitors go on our sites and information about the technical operation of our sites and services. this information allows us to see which areas are most visited and helps us better understand our customers' experiences at our sites and tailor communications to our customers' interests. this helps us improve the quality of your online experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the preferred features, areas and services. please click here to learn more about how we and our service providers use cookies and other technologies for these purposes. in order to disable cookies, please consult your browser's help section for instructions. information about your mobile device and computer (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider, internet protocol address and geo-location data) may also be collected by us or our service providers to learn about your use of our sites. we also collect information from other sources, including from social media and other websites that display authorized ann branding. for example, if you post a comment on any of our brands' facebook pages or send us a message on twitter, we may collect that information as described in this privacy policy. we also may collect information about you from commercially available sources such as data aggregators, advertising member networks and public databases. please note that we may combine or cross reference this information with other information that we collect about you and use it as described here. for information on how to unsubscribe or opt-out of our marketing communications or data sharing practices, please click here. we retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) outlined in this privacy policy and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after termination of our relationship with you. how is my information used? we use the information we collect from you for the following purposes: to process your order and answer your questions about the status of your order. if you have joined one of our mailing lists, to provide you with periodic e-mails, mailings and other communications about ann merchandise, services and promotions. you may choose to stop receiving these communications as described below. to help us improve our online stores, our physical stores and your shopping experience or to help us learn more about your shopping preferences. • to provide location-based services, such as suggesting the location of nearby physical stores. please click here to learn more about how to opt out of location-based services. to provide advertisements to you about our products and services on our sites and other websites. to analyze trends and statistics. to protect the security or integrity of our sites, our physical stores and our business. to contact you if necessary. as otherwise indicated in our terms of use. please note that when you provide personal information to one of our ann brands, we may share that information, including email, among our other ann brands. in addition, if you use the share feature on our sites to share any products with a friend, we will use your friend's name and the contact information you provide to effectuate such sharing. will my information be shared? ann is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you. advertising member networks & select companies. like other retailers, ann participates in advertising member networks with like-minded organizations where we may contribute certain information collected through our sites – including your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, purchase history, data collected through cookies and other technologies and geo-location data – so that other members may inform you about products or services that might interest you. we may also make your information directly available to select companies that we believe may offer products or services of interest to you or that help us better understand our customers and improve our services. if you would prefer that we not share your information with our advertising member networks or select companies, please click here. service providers. ann shares information about our customers with service providers so that we can provide better service to you, such as collecting, storing and managing customer information; providing customer services; taking and fulfilling orders; processing credit card information; conducting promotions and surveys for our brands; suggesting store locations nearby and communicating effectively with our customers. we restrict those service providers from making any use of your information other than to help us provide better service to you. we may also allow service providers to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies so that these entities can provide certain services to us. for example, we contract with service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet. they will collect information about your visits to our sites, and your interaction with our products and services. they may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for our products and services. these targeted advertisements may appear on our sites or on other websites that you visit. please click here to learn more about your choices regarding targeted advertising. ann also may share aggregated statistical or demographic information about our customers with service providers for customer analytics purposes so that we can better serve you. co-branded partners. co-branded partners are entities with whom we jointly offer a service or feature. you can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a co-branded partner because the co-branded partner's name will be featured prominently. you may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a co-branded partner. in doing so, you may be providing your information to both ann and the co-branded partner, or we may share your information directly with the co-branded partner. please note that the co-branded partner's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information. in addition, we may offer scrip programs, which allow you to instruct us to divert a percentage of the amount you spend on ann purchases to participating schools and other non-profit organizations, or loyalty programs, which allow you to earn "points" on purchases at ann brands and use the points toward certain rewards offered by the loyalty program. if you choose to participate in any scrip, loyalty or similar program in which an ann brand is a participating vendor, and you authorize ann or our credit card processor to provide information about your purchases to the company administering the program, we will share your personal information with that program. the information you authorize us to disclose to the scrip or loyalty program may include your name, your credit card number, the date and amount of your purchase, and any other information you have agreed that we may share. please note that once we disclose this information, the scrip or loyalty company may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy. you should review these policies carefully, as we have no control over them. sweepstakes, contests or promotions. when ann conducts contests, sweepstakes, promotions and surveys, or joins with other companies to do so, customers who choose to participate may be asked to provide personal information. we and the other participating companies may use this personal information for such purposes as notifying winners and fulfilling promotional obligations. information from these activities may be used by ann and the other participating companies to explore future promotional opportunities. even if you have chosen not to receive e-mail or postal mail from any of our ann brands prior to your participation in a contest, sweepstakes, promotion or survey, you may still receive information from our ann brands in connection with that activity if you register for or participate in it. legal & other considerations. ann may disclose your personal information to others if we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with law, regulation, legal process or government request; enforce the terms of any of our policies; or protect the rights, property or safety of ann, our associates or our customers. we may also share your information in connection with or to effectuate a corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, reorganization or liquidation. with your consent. you may be notified at the time your information is collected that it will be shared with a third party for an identified purpose. if you proceed with providing your information after receiving that notice, you will be considered to have consented to have your information shared with the third party. what information is collected by other sites and services? if you are visiting any of our sites through a link from another website or search engine, information about your visit to our sites may be collected by the provider of the other website or search engine. we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these other websites or search engines. we may also enable you to navigate to other sites and services from our sites, and we may display content from these other sites and services. we do this for your convenience. we don't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these other sites and services. and we don't control and aren't responsible for their web practices. whether their content appears within our web environment (like a map frame), or you leave our sites to view the content on another website, those entities' terms, conditions, and privacy policies govern your online experience unless there's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise. please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices. here are some examples of situations where information may be collected by other sites and services: interactive maps. we may facilitate easy access to the online maps of content providers like google, microsoft, and yahoo! so that you can get location, driving, and contact information for our stores. sweepstakes, contests, and survey sites. we may rely on the expertise of other entities to run sweepstakes, contests, and surveys. in these cases, the other entity's privacy policy may apply to any personal information you provide in connection with the event. please take note of who's running the event in question, and the terms, conditions, and policies that apply. social networking or other user-generated-content sites. we may facilitate easy access to social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content. this may include easy click-through access or "single sign-on" to these sites. the other site's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide to that site. the ann credit card site. we may enable you to navigate easily to the site of world financial network bank (wfnnb), where you can apply for an ann-branded credit card and pay invoices online. wfnnb issues and owns the ann-branded credit card accounts. when you apply online for an ann-branded credit card or pay your account online, you leave our sites and interact directly with wfnnb. any information you provide to wfnnb is subject to wfnnb's terms, conditions, and policies, including its privacy policy. does ann use location-based services? we may use location-based services to provide you with information through your wireline or mobile connection to our sites. if we do so and you have not disabled the location-enabled feature on your device, we may collect geo-location information from your device and we may share that information as described above. this location information is collected in a form that does not contain your contact information and may be used by ann to provide and improve location-based products and services (including, for example, helping us offer you the location of ann stores nearby). our applications may be designed to collect information even if you are not logged into the mobile ann applications or the sites. your device may offer privacy and security settings that allow you to manage how your device and browser share location information with others, as well as how your browser handles cookies and related technologies. please refer to instructions provided by your wireline or mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings. how does ann handle user-generated content? we may enable users to submit their own content for blogs, customer reviews, discussion forums, message boards and in other features on our sites. we do not restrict the distribution of personal information that you voluntarily disclose in these public forums, so please be aware that any information you disclose can be collected and used by others. for this reason, we encourage you to refrain from providing or sharing personal information about yourself in blog comment threads, customer reviews, discussion forums, message boards, and other areas where your submissions will be available to the public. we cannot prevent that information from being used in a manner that may violate this privacy policy or applicable law. how do i access, change or delete information available in "my account" profile? if you want to change or review the information that we make available about you in your account profile, simply sign on to www.anntaylor.com or www.loft.com and click on "my account" on the navigation bar. you will then be able to change information stored in your account profile. be sure to click "save" when you complete your changes. you can also change or access this information by contacting our brands. for contact information, click here. please be sure to include or have ready your full name, address, phone number and e-mail address. you can request that we "delete" your personal information from your account profile. for contact information, click here. if you have requested to "delete" your account profile, all personal information about you that we have stored will be depersonalized and/or permanently deleted subject to legal and contractual restrictions. for example, we may continue to retain certain of your personal information for the purposes of collecting any outstanding debts owed to us. if you have requested to "close" your account or if we consider your account no longer active, we will continue to store your personal information for a reasonable period of time after which all personal information about you that we have stored will be promptly depersonalized and/or permanently deleted subject to legal and contractual restrictions. how do i unsubscribe or opt out? at various points on our sites and during your shopping experience at our physical stores, you have the option to join our email lists and receive information about our products, services and offers. also, if you provide us with your email address when you register online, update your account, log in, place an order, make a customer service inquiry, choose to receive our emails, request a catalog, participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey, or apply for an ann-branded credit card, you may automatically be added to our email list and receive marketing or promotional information from us. you can use the procedures described below to opt out of ann taylor marketing, loft marketing, lou & grey marketing or sharing with advertising member networks or select companies. your opt-out request may take up to 10 days to process, and you may receive communications from us in the meantime. please note that if you make subsequent purchases from our sites, we will confirm your order by e-mail, and we may need to contact you by phone, e-mail, or postal mail with other questions regarding your order. ann taylor if you prefer not to receive marketing or promotional information from ann taylor, please contact us at 1-800-dial-ann, clientservices@anntaylor.com or ann taylor client services, attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor, westerville, ohio 43081. please be sure to include your full name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and, specifically, what information you do not want to receive. for example: "i prefer not to receive email marketing." "i prefer not to receive direct mail marketing." "i prefer not to receive telephone marketing calls." "i prefer not to receive mobile marketing messages." you may also click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all ann taylor marketing emails to be removed from future email marketing. loft if you prefer not to receive marketing or promotional information from loft, please contact us at 1-888-loft-444, clientservices@loft.com or loft client services, attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor, westerville, ohio 43081. please be sure to include your full name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and, specifically, what information you do not want to receive. for example: "i prefer not to receive email marketing." "i prefer not to receive direct mail marketing." "i prefer not to receive telephone marketing calls." "i prefer not to receive mobile marketing messages." you may also click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all loft marketing emails to be removed from future email marketing. lou & grey if you prefer not to receive marketing or promotional information from lou & grey, please contact us at 1-844-214-3434, clientservices@louandgrey.com or lou & grey client services, attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor, westerville, ohio 43081. please be sure to include your full name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and, specifically, what information you do not want to receive and from which brand, lou & grey or loft. for example: "i prefer not to receive email marketing." "i prefer not to receive direct mail marketing." "i prefer not to receive telephone marketing calls." "i prefer not to receive mobile marketing messages." you may also click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all lou & grey marketing emails to be removed from future email marketing for the relevant brand. sharing with advertising member networks or select companies from time to time, we may share your information with members of advertising networks or select companies whose products or services may be of interest to you, including, without limitation, select companies in the following categories: health and fitness, personal care, entertainment and recreation, food and beverages, pharmaceuticals, credit cards, banking and financing and charitable organizations. these entities may have their own privacy policy in place to govern their treatment of your information. if you do not wish to have ann taylor or loft share your information with advertising member networks or select companies for their marketing purposes, you may: email customer service at clientservices@anntaylor.com, clientservices@loft.com or clientservices@louandgrey.com with the phrase "no advertising member network or select company sharing" in the subject line; or contact customer service by regular mail or by phone as described above. please be sure to include your full name, email address, telephone number and mailing address in your communications with client services to opt out of sharing with advertising member networks or select companies. although we will stop sharing your information with advertising member networks or select companies upon receiving and processing your request, for entities who already have your information you will have to opt-out of their marketing communications by contacting them directly. what are cookies? do the sites use cookies or other technologies? cookies. cookies are a browser feature that assign a unique identification to your computer or mobile device. cookies are typically stored on your mobile device or computer's hard drive and are used by our sites to help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor, personalize your shopping experience and save and remember any preferences or other actions that may have been set while your browser was visiting our sites. for example, if you place items in your online shopping cart, we may use technologies, such as our own cookies to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests. to opt out of ann taylor cookies used for this online advertising, click here. you can refuse cookies by turning them off in your internet or mobile browser. in order to disable cookies, please consult your browser's help section for instructions. if you turn off cookies, however, you may not be able to use some of the features of our sites, and you will not be able to purchase from our sites, as we will not be able to track your online order. you may still place an order by calling us at 1-800-dial-ann or 1-888-loft-444. other technologies. we may use "pixel tags" (also called web beacons, web bugs or clear gifs), which are tiny graphic images that are placed in the code on our sites and in our emails. pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our sites and our advertising. we work with service providers that help us track, collect and analyze this information. we use pixel tags, either alone or in conjunction with cookies, to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the sites. this information may include your mobile device or computer's ip address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer or mobile device. we may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our sites as well as the identity of the websites you visit after you leave our sites. we may also use local shared objects (sometimes referred to as "flash cookies"), browser web storage (including html5) and application data caches. these may be used to enhance your user experience, for example, by storing your user preferences and settings, and in connection with animated content on our sites. these mechanisms operate similarly to browser cookies, but can store data more complex than simple text. to find out more about flash cookies or how to disable them, please click here http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html. by visiting our sites, you consent to our placement of cookies, pixel tags, local shared objects and other similar technologies on your computer and/or mobile device. service providers' use of cookies and other technologies. ann also may allow service providers to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies so that these entities can provide services to us. these service providers may use information about your activities on our sites and other websites and combine that information with other information (such as an email address) to serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet. some of these entities may be participants in the network advertising initiative and/or the self-regulatory program for online behavioral advertising. both of these programs allow users to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies. to learn more, please visit the following sites: http://www.networkadvertising.org/ or here http://www.aboutads.info/. to opt out, please visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. how does ann protect the security of my order information? the safety of your credit card information is important to us, and ann has taken measures to help protect the security of your online order information. ann uses secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to help keep your online order information safe. ssl technology encrypts your credit card number, order information and personal information before it is transmitted to help protect it from being decoded by anyone other than ann. our sites also display the verisign secure site seal, which indicates that our sites have been authenticated by verisign and that we use ssl encryption to transmit confidential information during sales transactions. specifically, once you enter the checkout page, your computer will begin communicating with our server using ssl encryption. you can determine the security of your connection by looking at the bottom of your internet browser window after you have accessed our sites. ssl technology is active if there is a solid key or a closed lock. you can also double-check by looking at the url line of your browser. when accessing a security-enhanced server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through security-enhanced servers like the ones we use to process orders on our sites. if you cannot access the security-enhanced server for any reason, you can place your order by calling 1-844-214-3434. while we implement ssl technology and other security measures to protect your information, please note that no data transmitted over the internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. what if i am accessing the sites from outside the united states? if you are visiting our sites from a location outside of the united states, you may be connected to servers located within the united states or in other countries whose data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. by providing your information to us, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to facilities located outside of your country of residence, and understand that your information will be stored, accessed and processed in accordance with u.s. law, including that in certain circumstances courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in the united states may be entitled to access your personal information. for more information about our policies and practices related to the use of service providers located outside of your country of residence, please contact us here. what happens to my personal information when i place an order from outside the united states? ann offers customers the ability to ship orders internationally. in these cases, ann partners with borderfree, ("borderfree"), a u.s.-based service provider that we have contracted with to facilitate the sale and fulfillment of international online purchases. borderfree will process your information in accordance with its privacy policy. to learn more about borderfree's privacy policy, please visit www.borderfree.com/privacy. when we identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally, we work with borderfree to complete your order. on the checkout page, you will be required to submit credit card and contact information to borderfree to complete your order. borderfree will be solely responsible for processing your financial transaction and we will not have access to your credit card information. upon completion of your order, borderfree will notify us of the approval of your order, and we will then ship approved orders to borderfree. simultaneously, borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you. in this process, borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record. when ordering a product, you will be presented with borderfree's terms and conditions and privacy policy to which you must agree in order to complete your transaction. once you place your order, you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive marketing and other communications from ann brands. if you agree that borderfree may share your data with ann, we will protect and use your information in order to supply you with such communications and as otherwise set forth in our privacy policy. what is "phishing"? "phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. if you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. we will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email. how does ann protect children's privacy? ann is concerned about the privacy of young children and our sites do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13 years of age. what are my california privacy rights? residents of the state of california may request a list of all third parties to which ann has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident and want a list, you should send a request to clientservices@anninc.com or contact us at: ann client services attn: senior director, client contact 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor westerville, ohio 43081 you need to provide the statement "your california privacy rights" in the subject field of your e-mail or on the envelope or post card and in the actual request. for all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. we will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. what if there are changes to this privacy policy or if i have other questions? we may update the privacy policy from time to time. if we make material changes to this privacy policy or our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the changes on our sites. you may wish to check this section from time to time, because by visiting our sites, you agree to accept these changes to the privacy policy. except as otherwise mentioned herein, this privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our sites. if you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us: attn: chief privacy officer 7 times square new york, ny 10036 1-800-677-6788 clientservices@anninc.com effective as of june 5, 2014." contact us email us clientservices@anntaylor.com please allow up to 24 hours to receive a response to your email. call us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 international 1-614-534-2755 write us ann taylor client services attn: senior director 4079 executive parkway 3rd floor westerville, ohio 43081-3859 live chat start now mon - fri: 8am to 11pm est sat - sun: 9am to 9pm est share your style get on the list sign up for email updates email address store locator credit cards gift cards customer service customer service track your order returns & exchanges shipping information size guide international orders contact us about our ads gift cards purchase a gift card check your balance ann taylor credit cards apply for an ann taylor credit card manage your account: our company ann taylor factory corporate about ann taylor careers ann cares loft store locator find a store ©2016 ann inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | california privacy | terms of use | site map | responsibly ann | california transparency | corporate | investors