来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230173348/http://www.anntaylor.com/custserv/custserv.jsp?slotId=AT_Customer_Service_International
================================================================================

customer service top questions | ann taylor 40% off* full-price tops details free shipping on $175 or more & $8.95 flat-rate shipping now offering international shipping to over 100 locations. step 1: choose shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaçao cyprus czech republic côte d'ivoire denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania russian federation rwanda réunion saint barthélemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe step 2: choose your currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac canadian dollar cayman islands dollar chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira us dollar ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso yuan renminbi international shipping faqs bag (-) site search search clothing clothing new arrivals sweaters blouses + tops dresses outerwear jackets pants skirts cashmere knits + tees denim suits features must have looks at3ways 2-piece dressing resort explore must have looks shoes shoes view all boots + booties pumps heels flats sale shoes accessories accessories view all jewelry handbags capes + ponchos scarves hats gloves belts sunglasses legwear spanx features cold weather accessories silk littles petites petites new arrivals petite fit guide sweaters blouses + tops dresses outerwear jackets pants skirts knits + tees denim suits explore petite fit guide tall tall view all dresses jackets pants skirts denim suits tops work work suits work tops work jackets work dresses work skirts work-to-weekend explore a.t. at work a.t. the moment a.t. the moment must have looks at3ways blue + green waves + stripes style gallery pant fit guide denim fit guide sale sale view all new to sale blouses + tops knits + tees sweaters dresses skirts jackets + outerwear pants denim suits shoes accessories final sale features petite sale customer service live chat home customer service customer service terms of use privacy + security ann taylor credit card contact us top questions order status + tracking returns + exchanges shopping on ann taylor gift card + gifting services my account subscription updates international contact us international what is borderfree? borderfree is an e-commerce platform that allows us to provide to our international clients the ability to shop at anntaylor.com in the currency of their choice, with competitive shipping costs and delivery times. how do i place an order? shop anntaylor.com as you would normally by adding items to your bag and then clicking on the checkout button. our website will instantly recognize that you are an international client. you may also click on the flag in the top navigation bar to select your shipping destination and preferred currency. all prices will automatically be converted into your chosen currency. when you proceed to checkout, your secure transaction will be completed with borderfree. borderfree will calculate and display a guaranteed order total in your preferred currency. this total will include all shipping costs from our warehouse(s) in the u.s. to your selected international destination, as well as any applicable duties and taxes imposed by customs and revenue authorities in the destination country. your credit card will be billed by borderfree and your credit card statement will read "bf*anntaylor.com", as "bf" denotes the borderfree network. what are my payment options? we accept the following payment methods: • mastercard, including the ann taylor or loft mastercard • visa • american express • jcb • paypal (only for international shipping use) • china union pay (only for international shipping use) • alipay (only for international shipping use) at this time, ann taylor or loft store cards cannot be used on international orders. orders are subject to verification and acceptance before shipping. your credit card will be billed by borderfree at the time your order leaves the u.s. what currencies does borderfree support? currently, borderfree supports billing in more than 40 different currencies, with more being added on an ongoing basis. click here to view and select from a list of supported currencies. once you confirm your preferences, you will be able to see products priced in your selected currency. how are international orders shipped and how is shipping calculated? what are my international shipping options? below are estimated delivery days for our international orders. you will be quoted specific delivery days at the time of checkout that is based on your selected destination country, and the shipping methods available for the items in your shopping cart. destination estimated delivery days canada 4-17 business days united kingdom 5-12 business days mexico 5-9 business days central america and the caribbean 5-12 business days south america 5-13 business days europe 5-13 business days asia-pacific countries 5-12 business days south asia 6-12 business days africa and middle east 5-13 business days iceland 6-11 business days russian federation 8-18 business days how much does international shipping cost? international shipping is calculated based on a number of factors, including the desired shipping speed, the number of items you are purchasing, the weight of the items, and the destination country. international shipping will be calculated and guaranteed during the borderfree global checkout based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination. when am i billed? your credit card will be billed by borderfree at the time your order leaves the u.s. how much duty and taxes are charged on international orders? duty (or customs tariffs) is set by the destination country customs authorities and is determined based on a combination of the country of origin (manufacturing) of the goods being purchased and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the countries that borderfree supports. value added tax (vat) rates are set by the destination country. you will be able to view the guaranteed total amount of applicable duty and tax/vat for your order during the borderfree global checkout process. do you ship to u.s. military addresses (apo/fpo)? orders shipping to u.s. military addresses should go through our domestic checkout, as they are not subject to the same costs and logistics flows as our other international orders. to do this, you should shop as if shipping to an address within the u.s. promotions and policies international orders are not eligible for: • free shipping • gift card purchases • payment with gift cards • gift boxes • price adjustments other promotional restrictions may apply. please contact us with any questions. exceptions the maximum order value for international shipment is usd $2,500. some items, including hazardous materials, furs and exotic leathers, and jewelry may not be available for international shipment. some beauty items may be considered hazardous materials due to their alcohol content and cannot be shipped internationally. international customers will be notified to remove restricted items during the checkout process. can i purchase or redeem international gift cards? unfortunately, we do not currently support the sale of us or canadian gift cards to international customers or the redemption of us or canadian gift cards for internationally-shipped orders. are there any items that cannot ship to my country because they are restricted? if, for some reason, there are any items that cannot be exported from the u.s. or imported into your destination country selection, borderfree will notify you during the checkout process. what is the international return policy? effective june 1, 2014 ann taylor will be revising the return policy. all purchases made on june 1, 2014 or after will be subject to our new 45 day return policy. any purchases made may 31, 2014 or prior will be subject to the old 60 day return policy. we will gladly accept your return of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail. returns accompanied by the original receipt must be received within 45 days of the date of purchase and will be credited for the price paid in the original form of payment. we will not accept returns after 45 days from the date of purchase. borderfree will provide you with a refund of the original merchandise price and any duties and taxes originally paid on the item in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. please note that you will still be responsible for any shipping charges. online merchandise shipped internationally via borderfree may not be returned at an ann taylor or an ann taylor factory store or a loft or loft outlet location in the united states or canada. online merchandise shipped internationally may not be exchanged. to process a return, please email us at clientservices@anntaylor.com or call us at 614-534-2755 to begin the return merchandise authorization, which is required to process a return. international orders are not eligible to receive price adjustments. how can i track my international order? you can track the progress of your international package(s) here. are there size conversion charts for international orders? please click here can international customers write product reviews? we invite our international customers to browse our product reviews, but they are unable to write them at this time. contact us email us clientservices@anntaylor.com please allow up to 24 hours to receive a response to your email. call us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 international 1-614-534-2755 write us ann taylor client services attn: senior director 4079 executive parkway 3rd floor westerville, ohio 43081-3859 live chat start now mon - fri: 8am to 11pm est sat - sun: 9am to 9pm est share your style get on the list sign up for email updates email address store locator credit cards gift cards customer service customer service track your order returns & exchanges shipping information size guide international orders contact us about our ads gift cards purchase a gift card check your balance ann taylor credit cards apply for an ann taylor credit card manage your account: our company ann taylor factory corporate about ann taylor careers ann cares loft store locator find a store ©2017 ann inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | california privacy | terms of use | site map | responsibly ann | california transparency | corporate | investors