来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171231205927/https://www.anntaylor.com/faq
================================================================================

customer service top questions | ann taylor semi annual sale: up to 60% off** all sale styles! 40% off* all full-price tops use code: wearnow details free shipping on new arrivals*** ship to: please log out of your account toship internationally. log out international shipping faqs now offering international shipping to over 100 locations. step 1: choose shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaçao cyprus czech republic côte d'ivoire denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania russian federation rwanda réunion saint barthélemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe step 2: choose your currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac canadian dollar cayman islands dollar chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira us dollar ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso yuan renminbi international shipping faqs bag (-) site search search clothing clothing new arrivals dresses tops + blouses pants denim shorts skirts sweaters jackets suits features must have looks at3ways best dressed summer our pants are everything blue crush best sellers online exclusives explore must have looks shoes shoes all shoes sandals pumps heels wedges flats sale shoes shop sandals accessories accessories all accessories jewelry scarves hats belts sunglasses tights + socks spanx shop jewelry petites petites new arrivals dresses tops + blouses pants denim shorts skirts sweaters jackets suits features petite fit guide online exclusives explore petite fit guide tall tall all tall dresses tops + blouses pants denim skirts jackets suits work work suits work tops + blouses work jackets work dresses work skirts work-to-weekend explore a.t. at work at the moment at the moment must have looks at3ways best dressed summer our pants are everything great women inspired by pant fit guide denim fit guide style gallery features summer shop blue crush sunset + coral bold blooms bold hues summer aflutter poplin summer chambray explore must have looks sale sale blouses + tops knits + tees sweaters dresses skirts jackets + outerwear pants denim shorts suits shoes accessories final sale features all sale new to sale petite sale shop sale customer service home customer service customer service terms of use privacy + security ann taylor credit card contact us find an answer customer service search top questions order status + tracking returns + exchanges shopping on ann taylor gift card + gifting services my account subscription updates international contact us in-store pickup top questions how do i check the status of or track an order? once your order has been shipped, we will notify you via e-mail of the shipment status. this e-mail will also provide you with tracking information and the ability to access the status of your order from the convenience of your computer. you can also check your order status from the site - click on order status on the top right side of the page. you will need your confirmation number and email address to receive your order status. how do i return or exchange an order? ann taylor will accept your return or exchange of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail. unwashed, unworn and defective merchandise may also be returned or exchanged at any ann taylor location with the exception of select merchandise explicitly noted in our return policy below. please note, we cannot accept online purchase returns at loft, loft outlet or ann taylor factory store locations. we will credit you for returns, accompanied by an original receipt, received within 45 days of the purchase for the price paid either in the original form of payment or as a merchandise exchange. for gift returns that are received within 45 days of the transaction date, you will receive an online e-gift certificate for the amount paid by the sender. returns accompanied by an original receipt, made more than 45 days after the purchase, will be credited for the item's current selling price either in the form of a merchandise credit* or as a merchandise exchange. one price adjustment on full-priced merchandise may be made within 7 days from the original date of purchase. returns without an original receipt will be credited for the item's current selling price on the date of the return, in the form of a merchandise credit. merchandise without an original receipt, with a selling price on the date of the return that is deemed final sale, may not be returned or exchanged. final sale merchandise (merchandise with a .44 or .88 cent price ending) may not be returned or exchanged. "reduced price merchandise with "final sale" in the description or a .44 or .88 price ending prior to any discount may not be returned or exchanged. merchandise without an original receipt with a selling price on the date of the return that is deemed "final sale" may not be returned or exchanged. *a merchandise credit for online returns will be issued by e-mail as an e-gift certificate. a valid email address must be provided. how do i cancel or edit an order? no changes can be made to an order once submitted. when we designed our business processes and systems at anntaylor.com, our goal was to save you time by quickly processing your order. the moment you submit your order, you can expect that we are immediately working to get it to you as quickly as possible. how do i apply a promotion? occasionally, ann taylor will offer code-based promotions that can be redeemed online. promotions and discounts, including free shipping, will be communicated on the website, through emails, and direct marketing, such as mailers. to redeem a code-based promotion, perform the following steps: in the shopping bag, enter your promotion code in the space marked "promo code." click the "apply" button on the right side of the page. prices for the items that are valid for the discount will be reduced by the amount of the promotion, and reflected in your order summary. the following restrictions apply: to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotion period. some promotional offers may not be combined with other offers in the same order. your order may need to be of a certain dollar amount to qualify; shipping and taxes are not applicable towards the qualifying amount. enter the code in the shopping bag in the space marked "promo code," and then click the "apply" button. prices and shipping charges, if applicable, will be adjusted according to the applied promotion, with the discount reflected in your grand total. only one promotional code may be used per order. offers may be used only once unless otherwise specified. free shipping offers are valid on standard shipping for orders placed at anntaylor.com with a specified minimum purchase. standard shipping is not available in ak, hi or pr. taxes, shipping and handling fees, purchases of gift cards, charges for gift boxes and payment of ann taylor credit cards do not count towards the qualifying amount. the offer may only apply to certain price points (full-price only) or select products. offers may not be valid in ann taylor stores. offers are not valid at loft stores, ann taylor factory stores, loft outlet stores and loft.com. offers are not valid on purchases of gift cards. offer is not for resale and is not redeemable for cash. no adjustments to prior purchases, and cannot be applied to returned merchandise. how can i get a price adjustment? price adjustments are not eligible on special promotions, including %'s off (e.g., 25%, 40%, and 50% etc.) and $'s off. one price adjustment for merchandise purchased at full-price, which has been marked down for the first time, may be made within 7 days from the original date of purchase. please note, our stores are not able to process price adjustments for online orders. gift cards + gifting services gift boxing our signature gift boxes are the perfect packaging for the perfect gift. each item you wish to have gift-boxed will be individually packaged at a cost of $4.95 per box. gift cards gift cards can be purchased at anntaylor.com, loft.com, or at any ann taylor, loft, ann taylor factory or loft outlet store. gift cards are available in denominations of: $25, $50, $75, $100, $150, $200, $250, $500, $1000. we do not currently support the sale of us or canadian gift cards to international customers or the redemption of us or canadian gift cards for internationally-shipped orders. gift cards purchased in canadian stores can only be redeemed at our canadian store locations. there is no charge for the tax or standard shipping of our gift cards. if you are purchasing other items in addition to your gift card(s), the value of the gift card(s) will be subtracted from the item subtotal before calculating tax and base shipping rates. our gift cards are sent to the recipient in beautiful gift packaging, free of charge. •purchasing gift cards you can purchase gift cards at any ann taylor store, loft, ann taylor factory or loft outlet store. gift cards are offered in the denominations of $25, $50, $75, $100, $150, $200, $250, $500, and $1000. should you wish to send a gift card in an amount not listed, you can combine any of the listed values to reach your desired total and call 1 800 dial ann (1.800.342.5266). •redeeming gift cards gift cards can be redeemed at anntaylor.com, loft.com, and at any ann taylor, loft ann taylor factory or loft outlet store. the actual gift card must be presented to the store associate when checking out, and the amount of the card will be applied toward your purchase. to use your gift card online, you will need the 19-digit card number, and the 4-digit pin number that is under the scratch-off section on the back of the gift card. this information is entered during the checkout process and the appropriate amount will be applied to your order. •checking the balance of your gift card you can check the amount that you have left on your gift card at anntaylor.com for any gift card purchased in the us or puerto rico or you can call the number on the back of your gift card. you will need to refer to the back of your card for the 19-digit card number, and the 4-digit pin number that you scratched off. please note we are unable to accept merchandise credit as a form of payment at anntaylor.com at this time. online e-gift cards/e-gift certificates •purchasing online e-gift certificates e-gift cards are purchased through our partner vendor, cashstar, which specializes, is secure electronic gift certificates. when clicking on the e-gift card “buy now” button, you will be redirected to the cashstar site to complete your purchase. for complete details on e-gift cards, click here to be redirected to the cashstar faqs. •redeeming online e-gift cards e-gift cards may be redeemed at anntaylor.com, loft.com, louandgrey.com and at any ann taylor, loft, lou and grey, ann taylor factory or loft outlet store. the actual gift card must be presented to the store associate when checking out, and the amount of the card will be applied toward your purchase. to use your gift card online, you will need the 19-digit card number, and the 4-digit pin number that is under the scratch-off section on the back of the gift card. this information is entered during the checkout process and the appropriate amount will be applied to your order. •redeeming online e-gift certificates ann taylor online e-gift certificates may be redeemed at anntaylor.com, loft.com and louandgrey.com. unfortunately, at this time we are unable to accept online e-gift certificates in our retail stores. to redeem an online e-gift certificate on anntaylor.com, you will need the e-gift certificate number from the "gift" e-mail you received. during the payment process of checkout, you will be prompted to enter this number in the "e-gift certificate #" field, then click "apply". if you would like to use more than one e-gift certificate, simply repeat this process and be sure to click "submit online e-gift certificate" for each certificate you wish to use. •check balance of online e-gift certificates if you have a balance remaining from an e-gift card or e-gift certificate(s), please access gift cards from the homepage. you will be directed to the gift card/e-gift card landing page where you can check the balance. international what is borderfree? borderfree is an e-commerce platform that allows us to provide to our international clients the ability to shop at anntaylor.com in the currency of their choice, with competitive shipping costs and delivery times. how do i place an order? shop anntaylor.com as you would normally by adding items to your bag and then clicking on the checkout button. our website will instantly recognize that you are an international client. you may also click on the flag in the top navigation bar to select your shipping destination and preferred currency. all prices will automatically be converted into your chosen currency. when you proceed to checkout, your secure transaction will be completed with borderfree. borderfree will calculate and display a guaranteed order total in your preferred currency. this total will include all shipping costs from our warehouse(s) in the u.s. to your selected international destination, as well as any applicable duties and taxes imposed by customs and revenue authorities in the destination country. your credit card will be billed by borderfree and your credit card statement will read "bf*anntaylor.com", as "bf" denotes the borderfree network. what are my payment options? we accept the following payment methods: • mastercard, including the ann taylor or loft mastercard • visa • american express • jcb • paypal (only for international shipping use) • china union pay (only for international shipping use) • alipay (only for international shipping use) at this time, ann taylor or loft store cards cannot be used on international orders. orders are subject to verification and acceptance before shipping. your credit card will be billed by borderfree at the time your order leaves the u.s. what currencies does borderfree support? currently, borderfree supports billing in more than 40 different currencies, with more being added on an ongoing basis. click here to view and select from a list of supported currencies. once you confirm your preferences, you will be able to see products priced in your selected currency. how are international orders shipped and how is shipping calculated? what are my international shipping options? below are estimated delivery days for our international orders. you will be quoted specific delivery days at the time of checkout that is based on your selected destination country, and the shipping methods available for the items in your shopping cart. destination estimated delivery days canada 4-17 business days united kingdom 5-12 business days mexico 5-9 business days central america and the caribbean 5-12 business days south america 5-13 business days europe 5-13 business days asia-pacific countries 5-12 business days south asia 6-12 business days africa and middle east 5-13 business days iceland 6-11 business days russian federation 8-18 business days how much does international shipping cost? international shipping is calculated based on a number of factors, including the desired shipping speed, the number of items you are purchasing, the weight of the items, and the destination country. international shipping will be calculated and guaranteed during the borderfree global checkout based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination. when am i billed? your credit card will be billed by borderfree at the time your order leaves the u.s. how much duty and taxes are charged on international orders? duty (or customs tariffs) is set by the destination country customs authorities and is determined based on a combination of the country of origin (manufacturing) of the goods being purchased and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the countries that borderfree supports. value added tax (vat) rates are set by the destination country. you will be able to view the guaranteed total amount of applicable duty and tax/vat for your order during the borderfree global checkout process. do you ship to u.s. military addresses (apo/fpo)? orders shipping to u.s. military addresses should go through our domestic checkout, as they are not subject to the same costs and logistics flows as our other international orders. to do this, you should shop as if shipping to an address within the u.s. promotions and policies international orders are not eligible for: • free shipping • gift card purchases • payment with gift cards • gift boxes • price adjustments other promotional restrictions may apply. please contact us with any questions. exceptions the maximum order value for international shipment is usd $2,500. some items, including hazardous materials, furs and exotic leathers, and jewelry may not be available for international shipment. some beauty items may be considered hazardous materials due to their alcohol content and cannot be shipped internationally. international customers will be notified to remove restricted items during the checkout process. can i purchase or redeem international gift cards? unfortunately, we do not currently support the sale of us or canadian gift cards to international customers or the redemption of us or canadian gift cards for internationally-shipped orders. are there any items that cannot ship to my country because they are restricted? if, for some reason, there are any items that cannot be exported from the u.s. or imported into your destination country selection, borderfree will notify you during the checkout process. what is the international return policy? effective june 1, 2014 ann taylor will be revising the return policy. all purchases made on june 1, 2014 or after will be subject to our new 45 day return policy. any purchases made may 31, 2014 or prior will be subject to the old 60 day return policy. we will gladly accept your return of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail. returns accompanied by the original receipt must be received within 45 days of the date of purchase and will be credited for the price paid in the original form of payment. we will not accept returns after 45 days from the date of purchase. borderfree will provide you with a refund of the original merchandise price and any duties and taxes originally paid on the item in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. please note that you will still be responsible for any shipping charges. online merchandise shipped internationally via borderfree may not be returned at an ann taylor or an ann taylor factory store or a loft or loft outlet location in the united states or canada. online merchandise shipped internationally may not be exchanged. to process a return, please email us at clientservices@anntaylor.com or call us at 614-534-2755 to begin the return merchandise authorization, which is required to process a return. international orders are not eligible to receive price adjustments. how can i track my international order? you can track the progress of your international package(s) here. are there size conversion charts for international orders? please click here can international customers write product reviews? we invite our international customers to browse our product reviews, but they are unable to write them at this time. returns + exchanges return policy ann taylor will accept your return of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail. unwashed, unworn and defective merchandise may also be returned or exchanged at any ann taylor location with the exception of select merchandise explicitly noted in our return policy below. please note, we cannot accept online purchase returns at loft, loft outlet or ann taylor factory store locations. we will credit you for returns, accompanied by an original receipt, received within 45 days of the purchase for the price paid either in the original form of payment or as a merchandise exchange (in store only). for gift returns that are received within 45 days of the transaction date, you will receive an online e-gift certificate for the amount paid by the sender. returns accompanied by an original receipt, made more than 45 days after the purchase, will be credited for the item's current selling price either in the form of a merchandise credit* or as a merchandise exchange (in store only). one price adjustment on full-priced merchandise may be made within 7 days from the original date of purchase. returns without an original receipt will be credited for the item's current selling price on the date of the return, in the form of a merchandise credit. merchandise without an original receipt, with a selling price on the date of the return that is deemed final sale, may not be returned or exchanged. final sale merchandise (merchandise with a .44 or .88 cent price ending) may not be returned or exchanged. "reduced price merchandise with "final sale" in the description or a .44 or .88 price ending prior to any discount may not be returned or exchanged. merchandise without an original receipt with a selling price on the date of the return that is deemed "final sale" may not be returned or exchanged. *a merchandise credit for online returns will be issued by e-mail as an e-gift certificate. a valid email address must be provided. quick phone exchange orders to save you time, we have our ann taylor quick exchange service. if you find that an item you ordered isn't just right and need a replacement in a different size or color, all you need to do is call us at 1 800 dial ann (342-5266). we'll quickly place an exchange order--charging your preferred credit card, but waiving your standard ground shipping fees. in addition, we'll help you make your return to our online store or to an ann taylor store nearest you. returning by mail if you are returning a gift, merchandise from an exchange order, or the return is after 45 days from the date of purchase, you must provide your email address, so that an e-gift certificate can be sent to you. carefully pack your item(s), in the original condition, and include your completed return form. be sure to keep the top portion of your receipt for your records. ship the merchandise using one of the two options below: option 1: use the convenient usps prepaid return label simply place the peel-and-stick usps prepaid return label from your invoice on your package (70 lbs or less). be sure to remove or cover all other labels and barcodes. deliver your package to usps we will either deduct the $7.95 shipping fee from your return credit, or charge the card used for purchase for any exchange order greater than the return credit. option 2: return the package on your own pack up your item(s). select a carrier (usps, ups, fedex, etc.). pay the return postage at the time of shipping. ship to the following address: ann taylor online store 1901 east state road 240 greencastle, in 46135 international returns we will gladly accept your return of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail. returns accompanied by the original receipt must be received within 45 days of the date of purchase and will be credited for the price paid in the original form of payment. we will not accept returns after 45 days from the date of purchase. borderfree will provide you with a refund of the original merchandise price and any duties and taxes originally paid on the item in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. please note that you will still be responsible for any shipping charges. online merchandise shipped internationally via borderfree may not be returned or exchanged at an ann taylor or an ann taylor factory store or a loft or loft outlet location in the united states or canada. to process a return, please email us at clientservices@anntaylor.com or call us at 614-534-2755 to begin the return merchandise authorization, which is required to process a return. ereceipt faqs q: can i get an ereceipt for any transaction? a: ereceipts are available for purchase, return, and exchange transactions except for those tendered by cash, check, or traveler's check. q: can i get a paper receipt and an ereceipt? a: yes, for applicable transactions, you will have the option of receiving a paper receipt or an ereceipt, or both. q: how long does it take to receive an ereceipt? a: ereceipts are sent in near real-time. in most cases, you will receive an ereceipt before you have left the store. q: i asked for an ereceipt but did not receive one. what can i do? a: if there is a system issue, the ereceipt will be sent as soon as it is resolved. we also recommend that you check your email spam folder. if the ereceipt is there, add us to your address book to ensure they always arrive to your inbox. please note: at this time, ereceipts cannot be re-sent. q: can i use my ereceipt for a return or exchange? a: yes. you can bring in a printed copy of your ereceipt, or pull it up on your smartphone or tablet. q: can you look up my ereceipt for me using my email address? a: at this time, we are unable to look up ereciepts. please bring in a printed copy of your ereceipt, or pull it up on your smartphone or tablet. q: can i send a gift receipt as an ereceipt? a: unfortunately, as we can only email one email address gift receipts cannot be sent as an ereceipt. gift receipts will continue to be print only. q: are ereceipts offered in all ann taylor stores? a: at this time, ereceipts are not available in california, washington dc, massachusetts, new jersey, wisconsin or canada. all stores in the united states will however accept ereceipts for returns and exchanges. q: i lost or deleted my ereceipt but need to make a return. what can i do? a: at this time, we are unable to re-send ereceipts. per our return practice, returns can be made without an original receipt for the item's current selling price in the form of a merchandise credit. merchandise deemed final sale on the date of return may not be returned or exchanged. shopping on ann taylor fabric glossary ann taylor provides a range of fabric offerings for every product and every occasion. to learn more about the fabrics we use, their special features and benefits, as well as how to care for them, select this option from any product detail page. sizing/fit information ann taylor is proud to provide consistent sizing to all its clients in misses, petite and tall sizes. click here for more details on our size charts by product category. grab a measuring tape and follow our detailed measuring instructions to ensure that you get the best fit possible. please remember, however, that styles change with each season. therefore, you should look closely at each product description for specific indicators as to how each garment will fit. find in store find in store is a tool in our online store, which allows our clients to locate merchandise from any of our ann taylor retail locations. the find in store link will be displayed on each product detail page that, when clicked, will pre-populate your original product. you will be asked to select a color and size from the drop down menu, as well as the zip code of the area in which you wish to shop. find in store search results will display all store locations within a 150 mile radius of the zip code entered. you will be able to print these search results. due to the rapid change in inventory positions throughout the day, we cannot guarantee availability. if the item is available at anntaylor.com, you may place an order yourself or call 1 800 dial ann (342-5266). if the item you want is in a local store, you may visit that location. shopping bag for your convenience, as a registered signed-in user of anntaylor.com, when you exit the site, any items that remain in your shopping bag will automatically be saved for your next visit. to view the items you have saved when you return, simply sign in to anntaylor.com and click on the shopping bag link in the navigation bar. your bag will be automatically updated as you add in new items. if you begin shopping before you sign in, a new shopping bag will be started for you. when you sign in to begin the checkout process, your current shopping bag will be merged with any items saved during a previous visit. please note that saving items in your shopping bag does not reserve them for purchase at a later date. if any of the items in your saved bag sell out, they will be removed or you will receive a message during checkout stating that the item(s) are no longer available to order. you will need to remove the sold out items from your bag in order to complete the checkout process. to take advantage of this convenient feature and many others, click here to register or go directly to the "sign in" page from the navigation bar. optimize your browsing anntaylor.com is best viewed with firefox, chrome and safari browsers. shipping and handling options anntaylor.com can ship orders to all locations within the united states and puerto rico, as well as internationally. click here for information on international shipping. our shipping and handling options include standard shipping, 3-day business shipping and next day business shipping. to ensure the prompt delivery of your order, we recommend that you place your order by 3 pm est. business day refers to monday through friday, excluding holidays. saturday and sunday deliveries are currently not available. *standard shipping standard orders are processed once credit card authorization and verification have been obtained. orders shipped via standard delivery typically arrive in five (5) to eight (8) business days (monday-friday, not including holidays). standard shipping is not available for alaska, hawaii and puerto rico addresses. gift cards, packaging, taxes and prior purchases do not qualify toward the minimum purchase requirement. thus, the offer cannot be applied to such items. if you choose another shipping option, additional charges will apply. standard shipping for orders under $125 orders of $124.99 or less will be shipped at a flat rate of $8.95 for shipping and handling charges standard shipping for orders over $125 to be eligible for standard free shipping, the order value must be $125 qualifying amount must be met after any promotion or discount is applied gift cards, packaging, taxes and prior purchases do not qualify toward the minimum purchase requirement additional charges apply if: you choose another shipping option (3-day business or next day business shipping) you are shipping to: alaska, hawaii or puerto rico addresses **3-day business shipping flat rate $14.95 for third day shipping and handling charges orders placed after 3 p.m. est monday-friday and on weekends will be processed on the following business day (business day refers to monday-friday, excluding holidays) ***next day business shipping flat rate $24.95 for next business day shipping and handling charges orders placed by 3 p.m. est monday-friday, will be delivered next business day orders placed after 3 p.m. est monday-friday and on weekends, will arrive on the second business day (business day refers to monday-friday, excluding holidays) not available for alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, p.o. boxes, apo/fpo addresses and certain remote locations not guaranteed for p.o. boxes. your order will be sent via usps express service gift box charge: for gift boxed items, each item will be individually packaged at a cost of $4.95 per box. please note, each item will receive one gift envelope with your personalized message. billing information when selecting your credit card payment option, be sure to include the billing address that is associated with the credit card you are using to make your purchase. we want to ensure that your order is processed without delay. currently, we are unable to accept orders with billing addresses outside of the 50 u.s. states and puerto rico. payment options we offer you the convenience of numerous payment options for your online order. these options include the ann taylor card, ann taylor e-gift certificate, ann taylor gift card or any one of 5 additional major credit cards: american express, mastercard, visa, diners club, discover and jcb. simply enter the information in step 3 of our checkout process. all payments must be made in full at time of shipment. to make a payment to your ann taylor credit card account, click here. please note: we cannot process gift cards issued by american express, discover, mastercard and visa. if you try to place an order using one of these gift cards, it will fail. however, your funds will be authorized. to avoid having to contact client services to remove the authorization, please do not attempt to use a gift card issued by american express, discover, mastercard or visa. payment option exceptions please note that we are unable to accept any form of payment with a non-u.s. billing address (outside of the 50 states and puerto rico). we cannot accept checks or money orders at this time. taxes anntaylor.com follows all applicable taxing regulations for the areas where we do business. each of the 50 u.s. states and puerto rico has established state tax regulations. taxes are charged according to the shipping address(es) of your order. promotions and coupons occasionally, ann taylor will offer code-based promotions that can be redeemed online. promotions and discounts, including free shipping, will be communicated on the website, through emails, and direct marketing, such as mailers. to redeem a code-based promotion, perform the following steps: in the shopping bag, enter your promotion code in the space marked "promo code." click the "apply" button on the right side of the page. prices for the items that are valid for the discount will be reduced by the amount of the promotion, and reflected in your order summary. the following restrictions apply: to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotion period. some promotional offers may not be combined with other offers in the same order. your order may need to be of a certain dollar amount to qualify; shipping and taxes are not applicable towards the qualifying amount. enter the code in the shopping bag in the space marked "promo code," and then click the "apply" button. prices and shipping charges, if applicable, will be adjusted according to the applied promotion, with the discount reflected in your grand total. only one promotional code may be used per order. offers may be used only once unless otherwise specified. free shipping offers are valid on standard shipping for orders placed at anntaylor.com with a specified minimum purchase. standard shipping is not available in ak, hi or pr. taxes, shipping and handling fees, purchases of gift cards, charges for gift boxes and payment of ann taylor credit cards do not count towards the qualifying amount. the offer may only apply to certain price points (full-price only) or select products. offers may not be valid in ann taylor stores. offers are not valid at loft stores, ann taylor factory stores, loft outlet stores and loft.com. offers are not valid on purchases of gift cards. offer is not for resale and is not redeemable for cash. no adjustments to prior purchases, and cannot be applied to returned merchandise. gift boxing our signature gift boxes are the perfect packaging for the perfect gift. each item you wish to have gift-boxed will be individually packaged at a cost of $4.95 per box. checkout & order processing to save you time, we've made our checkout process efficient and easy to complete. just follow the prompts in the simple one-page checkout process. when you attempt to checkout--from the product page, your shopping bag, or from the top navigational bar--you will first be reminded to sign in or register with anntaylor.com. in step 1 of checkout, you will be asked to fill in your shipping information. at this point, you will enter: the address(es) to where your order will be shipped; your preferred shipping method(s.. if you are entering a new address which you have never shipped to before, you will also have the option of saving the name and address in your address book, so you won't have to re-enter this information in the future. please be sure to click on the check box when prompted to add the name and address to your address book. to read more about the anntaylor.com address book, click here in step 2, you will enter your billing and payment information. if you have a saved payment method, click "change" to add a new payment method. you will then be prompted to change your payment method or add your ann taylor online e-gift certificate, ann taylor gift card and/or ann rewards card. the final step of checkout is to confirm that we have all of the correct information for your order including: the billing and shipping information, your total order amount, shipping costs, taxes, promotional discounts, and/or gift charges and credits. the final total that will be charged to your credit card will appear on the bottom of the page. when you have confirmed that all of the information on this page is correct, click on the "purchase" button next to your order total. you will receive e-mail confirmations both when your order is received as well as when your order is shipped. my account subscription updates benefits of registration while you're shopping anntaylor.com, we offer you the option to sign in/register with us. once you've registered, you'll be able to experience several special features: shop anntaylor.com and loft.com with the same e-mail address and password. save items placed in your shopping bag for as long as they're still available at anntaylor.com. receive e-mails announcing up-to-the-minute news on new arrivals, site and store features, and exceptional sales at anntaylor.com, loft.com and any of our retail stores. for your convenience you can securely save your addresses, both billing and shipping, as well as your credit card information for your next order. click here to view our privacy & security statements. have quick access to the status of open orders and history of previous orders. new client registration if you'd like to register with us, click on "sign in" on the top of any page. as part of the registration process, you will be asked for the following information: your e-mail address so that we are able to recognize you each time you sign-in to either anntaylor.com or loft.com your password must be 8-30 characters long and must use a combination of letters and numbers. please note that the number required in your password may not be the first or last character. passwords are case sensitive. please do not use any spaces. you will receive e-mail updates from anntaylor.com, loft.com, ann taylor factory and loft outlet. the e-mails will provide you with up-to-the-minute news on new arrivals, site and store features, and exceptional sales. please be assured that any personal information you submit to anntaylor.com is safe and secure. to view ann taylor's complete privacy & security statement, please click here. changing your e-mail address if you wish to change your email address/username, please login to the "my account" section of the website and click on "preferences". you may also call 1 800 dial ann (342-5266), and a client associate will assist you. forgotten password if you forget your password, visit the “sign in” page of the website and then click the “forgot password?” link. if your e-mail address is currently in our records, we will send you an email with a link to reset your password. for your added protection and security, we will also remove any credit card information you may have previously saved on our website. email and mailing preferences if you wish to be removed from our e-mails and/or mailings, you may submit your request to unsubscribe through "my account/preferences" at anntaylor.com. to access this feature, click here. if you have received an e-mail from ann taylor, you may also respond with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line or indicate your preference to receive only one email per week. in addition, you may also contact us via e-mail at clientservices@anntaylor.com via phone at 1 800 dial ann, or via mailing address at: ann taylor client services attn: senior director 2500 farmers drive, 5th floor columbus, oh 43235-5706 in-store pickup what is in-store pickup? to treat you to another fun way to shop, we’ve made some items on our website available for pick up in store. as soon as the store selected prepares your pick up, we’ll send you an “in-store pickup is ready” email. all you have to do is come to the store selected and show them the email, along with a valid driver’s license or government-issued id. after receiving the email, you’ll have four days to pick up your items. after four days, that part of your order will be canceled and you will not be charged. if you’ve ordered more items, they may be available at different times and you’ll receive an email once each item is ready to be picked up. please note: not all items are available for in-store pickup and this service is not available in all stores. how do i know if an item can be picked up in store? on the product page, a “pick up in store” button will appear beneath the “add to bag” button. simply click the button and instructions will follow. can i pick up certain items in store and have others shipped? yes. for items you would like to pick up, click the “pick up in store” button and follow the instructions. for items you would like shipped, click the “add to bag” button. when you are ready to checkout, your shopping bag will be split to show items for in-store pickup and items that will be shipped. why is in-store pickup not available for my store? in-store pickup is continually being added to stores. if your store isn't currently offering in-store pickup, check back for updates. when will my credit card be charged? after you place your order, your credit card will be authorized for the total order amount. when your in-store pickup is completed, that part of the order will be finalized and your credit card will be charged. how soon can i pick up my order? as soon as the store selected prepares your pick up, we’ll send you an “in-store pickup is ready” email. once this email is received, please visit the store within the next four days to pick up your item(s) - you will have to show the email to the store selected, along with a valid driver’s license or government-issued id. find store hours here. how long will you hold my order? after receiving your “in-store pickup is ready” email, you’ll have four days to pick up your items. after four days, that part of your order will be canceled and you will not be charged. if you’ve ordered more items, they may be available at different times and you’ll receive an email once each item is ready to be picked up. what do i need to bring to pick up my order? please bring your “in-store pickup is ready” email (you can also show it on your phone), along with a valid driver's license or government-issue id. can someone else pick up an order on my behalf? yes! you will see a place to add their information during the checkout process. they will also receive your “in-store pickup is ready” email. all they need to do is show the email to the store selected, along with a valid driver’s license or government-issued id. where in the store can i pick up my order? when you arrive at the store, just ask an associate for assistance with your in-store pick up. what happens if i order an in-store pickup when the store is closed? on the next business day, the store selected will begin to prepare your in-store pickup. as soon as it’s ready for pick up, we’ll send you an “in-store pickup is ready” email. please wait until you receive the email before picking up your order - you will have to show the email to the store selected, along with a valid driver’s license or government-issued id. find store hours here. do i get a receipt? yes! once you complete your in-store pickup, you will be emailed a receipt. what happens if items in my in-store pickup aren’t what i expect? when completing your in-store pickup, simply let the associate know which items you would like to exchange or return. can i change my pick up store after i've placed my order? unfortunately, the pick up store cannot be changed after you’ve placed your order. how is my tax calculated? for delivery orders, your tax is calculated based on the tax code where your order is delivered. for in-store pickup orders, your tax is calculated based on the tax code of the selected store. if you have an order with items for in-store pickup and shipment, you could be charged different tax rates. how can i provide feedback about my in-store pickup experience? if you have any feedback about your in-store pickup experience, we’d love to hear from you. email us at: clientservices@anntaylor.com more questions? click here for customer service. contact us email us clientservices@anntaylor.com please allow up to 24 hours to receive a response to your email. call us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 international 1-614-534-2755 write us ann taylor client services attn: senior director 4079 executive parkway 3rd floor westerville, ohio 43081-3859 live chat start now mon - fri: 8am to 11pm est sat - sun: 9am to 9pm est share your style instagram pinterest twitter facebook get on the list sign up for email updates email address store locator credit cards gift cards customer service customer service track your order returns & exchanges shipping and handling information size guide international orders contact us about our ads gift cards purchase a gift card check your balance ann taylor credit cards apply for an ann taylor credit card manage your account: manage your ann taylor credit cardmanage your ann taylor mastercard our company ann taylor factory corporate about ann taylor careers ann cares loft store locator find a store ©2017 ann inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | california privacy | terms of use | site map | responsibly ann | california transparency | corporate | investors | t&c: order alerts