来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191228082040/https://www.anntaylor.com/terms
================================================================================

customer service terms of use | ann taylor tops & sweaters under $50* details 40% off full-price jewelry*** use code: shineon free shipping and handling on orders $125+ or $8.95 flat-rate shipping please log out of your account toship internationally. log out international shipping faqs now offering international shipping to over 100 locations. step 1: choose shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaçao cyprus czech republic côte d'ivoire denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue north macedonia, republic of norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania russian federation rwanda réunion saint barthélemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe step 2: choose your currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac canadian dollar cayman islands dollar chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira us dollar ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso yuan renminbi international shipping faqs stores credit cards bag (-) site search site search search clothing clothing new arrivals tops and blouses sweaters dresses and jumpsuits pants jeans jackets skirts sleepwear suits all clothing features blue & honey wine & navy best sellers online exclusives the preview tops $30 and under tops $40 and under tops $50 and under shop now join our loyalty program dresses dresses dresses and jumpsuits sheath dresses shift dresses fit and flare dresses wrap dresses midi dresses sweater dresses lbd: little black dress work dresses shirt dresses jumpsuits party dresses day to night dresses shop the trend: fall florals join our loyalty program work work all work work tops and blouses work sweaters work jackets work dresses work pants work skirts work shoes suits features business formal business casual casual friday a.m. to p.m. to anywhere the suiting collection join our loyalty program shoes shoes all shoes boots and booties pumps heels flats slingbacks sandals work shoes sale shoes shop shoes accessories accessories all accessories jewelry scarves ponchos and capes belts hair accessories sunglasses and readers tights and socks features under $50 shop accessories petites petites petite new arrivals petite tops and blouses petite sweaters petite dresses petite pants petite jeans petite jackets petite skirts petite suits all petites features petite fit guide petite online exclusives shop petite new arrivals join our loyalty program tall tall all tall tall tops and blouses tall dresses tall pants tall jeans tall jackets tall skirts tall suits join our loyalty program trending now trending now the suiting collection style gallery bcrf herlead features modern plaid blue & honey fall florals wine & navy modern match infinite style join our loyalty program sale sale tops and blouses dresses sweaters jackets and outerwear skirts jeans shorts pants suits shoes accessories final sale features all sale new to sale petite sale shop sale join our loyalty program infinite style infinite style how it works infinite style customer service live chat >home >terms of use customer service terms of use privacy + security ann taylor credit card contact us find an answer what can we help you find? find an answer. what can we help you find? top questions order status + tracking returns + exchanges shopping on ann taylor gift card + gifting services my account subscription updates international contact us in-store pickup corporate sales ann taylor terms of use welcome to the ann taylor website (the "site"). please read the below terms carefully, because your use of the site constitutes your agreement to these terms of use. these terms of use include an arbitration agreement, which is set forth below. if you do not agree to these terms of use, you should not access or use the site. ann taylor, in its sole discretion and without notice to you, reserves the right to make changes to the site and to these terms of use from time to time. when we make changes, we will post them here. you may wish to check this section from time to time, because by visiting the site, you agree to accept any such changes. merchandise availability ann taylor prides itself in providing exclusive, quality merchandise. availability of merchandise may vary at ann taylor stores and on anntaylor.com. some featured items may be available only in limited quantities or only while supplies last. once an item is out of stock, we will attempt to remove the item promptly from display on anntaylor.com. display of an item on anntaylor.com is not a guarantee that the item is currently in stock or that it will be available on our website when you visit again. if you are unable to locate a particular item that caught your attention on a previous visit to our website or if you have any questions concerning the availability of a particular item, please contact our client services group at ann taylor client services, attn: senior director, 4079 executive parkway, 3rd floor, westerville, ohio 43081-3859. we will make every effort to fulfill your requests whenever possible. merchandise display ann taylor will make every reasonable effort to display its merchandise on anntaylor.com as accurately as possible. unfortunately, various factors, including the display and color capabilities of your computer monitor, may significantly affect what you actually see on your screen. ann taylor is not responsible for the display of any color, texture or detail of its merchandise on your computer screen and cannot guarantee the accuracy thereof. however, if you are dissatisfied with any item you purchase from anntaylor.com, you can return or exchange it to us. for more information regarding ann taylor''s return and exchange policy and procedures, please visit the customer service page on our website, and then click on the "return policy" tab. site transactions we do not authorize the purchase of our merchandise for resale purposes. we reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. to enforce this policy, we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. these restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. in the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. copyright and trademarks the entire content (images and text) of anntaylor.com is copyrighted and may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, posted, modified, transmitted, displayed, distributed, downloaded or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express written permission of ann taylor. all ann taylor trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, product names, and intellectual property, whether or not delineated in large print or with trademark symbols or in any other fashion, are trademarks and/or intellectual property of annco, inc. or its affiliates. the use (except as permitted herein) or misuse of the trademarks or any other intellectual property of annco, inc. is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright, trademark, slander or libel laws, privacy law and publicity and communications regulations and statutes. annco, inc. actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. your account when and if you use the site, it shall be your sole responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your e-mail address, password and any other account identifiers related to any personal account you created on the site (the "account"), and for restricting access to your computer(s). you also agree to accept sole responsibility for any and all activity that occurs under your account. user submissions any comments, suggestions, ideas, materials and other submissions ("user submissions") that you send to ann taylor are provided on a non-confidential basis. by submitting user submissions, you are granting ann taylor an irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, and fully sublicenseable license to reproduce, publish, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works from, and otherwise use in whole or in part your user submissions for any purpose in any media, whether now known or hereafter invented, for any purpose (including for commercial or promotional purposes). you grant ann taylor the right to use your name and likeness in connection with any such use of user submissions made by you, but we will not be obligated to identify you in connection with any such use. you also agree that we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any user submissions for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products which incorporate or otherwise rely upon that information, without notifying or providing any further compensation to you. you agree that no user submission made by you to the site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights. you further agree that no user submissions made by you to the site will be or contain material that is false, misleading, libelous, unlawful, abusive, indecent, or obscene. you agree that you will remain responsible for the content of any user submissions you make. we may review, remove, reject, or revise user submissions at any time, without prior notice, and in our sole discretion. we may remove, reject, or revise content that we believe violates these terms of use, is otherwise objectionable, or for any other reason without prior notice. notices of claimed copyright infringement we respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use the site do the same. we also maintain a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of the use privileges of users who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights. accordingly, you may not store any material or content on, or disseminate any material or content over, the site in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including rights granted by u.s. copyright law. owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under u.s. copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (the "dmca") to report alleged infringements. if you believe in good faith that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information (or any statement in conformance with the dmca) to our copyright agent whose contact information is provided below: your name, address, telephone number, and email address; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed; and a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. copyright agent: attention: carole klinger 7 times square, 15th floor new york, new york 10036 phone: (212) 541-3300 fax: (212) 536-4412 email: copyright@anninc.com links to other websites when you access a non-ann taylor website, please realize that it is independent of ann taylor. linking to any off-site pages is at your own risk. ann taylor makes no warranties or representations about any non-ann taylor website and has no responsibility for such websites or their content. in addition, certain third party sites may also provide links to ann taylor websites. none of such links should be deemed to imply that ann taylor endorses such third party sites or any content therein. by accessing anntaylor.com, each user also agrees not to use anntaylor.com to post or transmit any offensive, harmful, unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, hateful, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate the security of the ann taylor websites or would otherwise violate the law. ann taylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where ann taylor websites are used to disseminate such materials. your right to use the site you are authorized to use the site only for personal, non-commercial purposes. you may download or copy the content displayed on the site for your personal use only. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. by accessing the site, you agree not to use the site in any way that is prohibited by these terms of use, including by using the site in a way that is illegal or could give rise to civil liability or that could violate the security of ann taylor websites or otherwise cause injury to ann taylor or any other party. ann taylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where ann taylor websites are used to disseminate such materials. for example, and without limitation, you may not. engage in unauthorized spidering, "scraping," or harvesting of content, or use any other unauthorized automated means to compile content or information; take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our network or infrastructure; use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any activity conducted on the site or attempt to probe, scan, test the vulnerability of, or breach the security of any system or network; attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse-engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the site; or engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any person from using or enjoying the site, or that, in our sole judgment, exposes us or any of our users, affiliates, ann taylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate to enforce its rights under these terms of use.violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. ann taylor may investigate and work with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the terms of use. pricing prices displayed on anntaylor.com are quoted in u.s. currency and are valid and effective only in the united states. prices are subject to change at any time. information accuracy ann taylor will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and current information on the site, but there may be occasions when information on the site contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, availability and other matters. ann taylor reserves the right to correct any errors and to update site information at any time (including after you have submitted your order). we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. international use we control and operate the site from the united states, and all information is processed within the united states. we do not represent that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in connection with your use of the site. it is possible that some software that may be downloaded from the site is subject to government export control or other restrictions. by visiting and using our site, you acknowledge these restrictions and agree that either you are not subject to them or you will comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the united states. indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold ann taylor, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees if any materials you post on or through the site result in a third party claim that any information or material you provide infringes a third party proprietary right. arbitration if a dispute arises ("arbitration agreement") scope of the arbitration agreement. any legal dispute between you and ann taylor concerning or arising out of your use of the site, any products or services sold or distributed through the site, your participation in any program or service provided by ann taylor, or any other dispute of any nature, shall be resolved through binding individual arbitration. however, either you or ann taylor may bring any individual claim in small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is brought and maintained as an individual claim. how arbitration works. disputes will be resolved solely by binding arbitration before a sole arbitrator under the streamlined arbitration rules procedures of jams inc. ("jams") or any successor to jams. in the event jams is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within fourteen (14) days of the filing of a "demand for arbitration", then either party can elect to have the arbitration administered by another mutually agreeable arbitration administration service who will hear the case. unless you and ann taylor agree otherwise, any arbitration hearing shall take place in the county of your residence. if you live outside the united states, any arbitration will take place in new york, new york. we encourage you to call ann taylor in advance of filing a claim for arbitration to see if the dispute can be settled prior to arbitration. waiver of right to bring class action and representative claims. all arbitrations shall proceed on an individual basis. the arbitrator is empowered to resolve the dispute with the same remedies available in court, however, any relief must be individualized to you and shall not affect any other customer. you and ann taylor also agree that each may bring claims against the other in arbitration only in your or their respective individual capacities and in so doing you and ann taylor hereby waive the right to a trial by jury, to assert or participate in a class action lawsuit or class action arbitration, to assert or participate in a private attorney general lawsuit or private attorney general arbitration, and to assert or participate in any joint or consolidated lawsuit or joint or consolidated arbitration of any kind. if a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph’s limitations as to a particular cause of action, then that cause of action (and only that cause of action) must remain in court and be severed from any arbitration. arbitration costs. ann taylor will pay all filing, administrative, arbitrator and hearing costs and waives any rights it may have to recover an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses against you. other terms & information. this arbitration agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted, construed, and enforced in accordance with, the federal arbitration act and other applicable federal law. to the extent state law applies to any aspect of these terms and conditions, or to any disputes and claims that are covered by the arbitration agreement, the law of the state of new york will govern. except as set forth above, if any portion of this arbitration agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it will not invalidate the remaining portions of the arbitration agreement. miscellaneous this agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of new york, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions. the waiver of any provision of the agreement shall not be considered a waiver of any other provision or of ann taylor's right to require strict observance of each of the terms herein. if any provision of the agreement is deemed to be illegal or unenforceable the remainder of the agreement shall be unaffected and shall continue to be fully valid, binding, and enforceable. this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us relating to your use of the site. termination ann taylor may terminate this agreement and deny you access to the site at any time, immediately and without notice, if in ann taylor's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or condition of this agreement. last updated april 18, 2017. terms and conditions for text alerts & order alerts terms and conditions for ann taylor order alerts text message program your use of this ann taylor mobile now text message service (the "service") constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions. our website terms and conditions and privacy policy also apply to your use of the service. we may amend these terms, and modify or cancel the service or any of its features without notice. we do not charge for the service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your mobile operator. message and data rates may apply. if you have opted-in, ann taylor provides alerts, information, promotions, specials, and other marketing offers via text messages through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided. you will receive recurring messages each month. you may need to confirm your consent, such as by following the instructions contained in an initial text message we send. messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system and using sms technology. you understand that consent to receive such text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. you agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. if you change your mobile phone number, you agree to opt out of the services prior to changing your mobile number. by signing up for sms, you agree to receive recurring special offers and marketing text messages. messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. consent to receive text messages is not required as a condition of any purchase. reply help to 85996 for help, stop to 85996 to cancel. message and data rates may apply. the mobile operators participating in this campaign include, but are not limited to at&t, sprint, virgin mobile, t-mobile (t-mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages), metropcs (gsm), u.s. cellular, and verizon wireless. if your mobile operator is not participating, you will not receive a reply to your messages. some operators may not support some services at the process offered. pre-paid users may not be able to participate. please check with your mobile operator. you must be the mobile account holder and at least 18 years of age or have a parent or guardian's permission in order to participate. your use of the service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions and the terms and conditions of our website. you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from any third party claims, liability, damages or costs arising from your use of the service or from you providing us with a phone number that is not your own. you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of, any information sent through the service; any errors in such information; any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service. for additional support contact customer service: 800-342-5266 created may 18, 2017 contact us email us clientservices@anntaylor.com please allow up to 24 hours to receive a response to your email. call or text us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 u.s. customers only. text message & data rates apply. international clients1-614-534-2755 live chat start now mon - fri: 8am to 11pm est sat - sun: 9am to 9pm est share your style instagram pinterest twitter facebook get on the list sign up for email updates email address sign up for email updates sign up for email updates re-enter email address to confirm re-enter email address to confirm store locator credit cards gift cards customer service customer service track your order returns & exchanges shipping and handling information size guide international orders contact us about our ads gift cards purchase a gift card check your balance all rewards join us terms & conditions ann taylor credit cards apply today and get 15% off* manage your account: manage your ann taylor credit cardmanage your ann taylor mastercard our company about us ann cares careers ann taylor factory loft infinite style corporate sales store locator find a store ©2019 ann inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | california privacy | terms of use | site map | responsibly ann | california transparency | corporate | investors | t&c: order alerts