来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201215051206/https://www.anntaylor.com/privacy
================================================================================

customer service privacy & security | ann taylor 48 hours only: 48% off* your purchase! use code: flash48 *details free shipping with orders of $150+‡! ‡details please log out of your account toship internationally. log out international shipping faqs now offering international shipping to over 100 locations. step 1: choose shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria bahamas bangladesh barbados belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba botswana brazil brunei darussalam burkina faso cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros cook islands costa rica croatia curaçao cyprus czech republic côte d'ivoire denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kenya kiribati kuwait lao people's democratic republic lesotho liberia liechtenstein luxembourg macao madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand niger niue north macedonia, republic of norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania rwanda réunion saint barthélemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal seychelles singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden taiwan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna zambia zimbabwe step 2: choose your currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac canadian dollar cayman islands dollar chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira us dollar ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso yuan renminbi international shipping faqs credit cards stores credit cards stores bag (-) site search site search search new arrivals shop all new arrivals new petite styles new tall styles new shoes & accessories features style stories fall outfit inspiration colors we love the preview new arrivalsshop now the colors we loveshop now clothing shop all new arrivals tops and blouses sweaters dresses cashmere pants jeans jackets coats skirts sleepwear suits all clothing features gift shop party dressing style stories leather, suede & more fall outfit inspiration best sellers online exclusives back in stock leather, suede & moreshop now fall outfit inspirationshop now sweaters shop sweaters cardigan sweaters pullover sweaters cashmere sweaters work sweaters the sweater editshop now work shop all work work tops and blouses work sweaters work dresses work pants work skirts work shoes suits join our loyalty program shoes shop all shoes boots and booties heels flats sneakers work shoes sale shoes all shoesshop now new shoes & accessoriesshop now accessories shop all accessories under $50 jewelry scarves handbags cashmere accessories hats ponchos and capes belts sunglasses hair accessories tights and socks all accessoriesshop now new shoes & accessoriesshop now petites shop new petite styles petite tops and blouses petite sweaters petite dresses petite pants petite jeans petite jackets petite coats petite skirts petite suits all petites features petite fit guide petite online exclusives new petite stylesshop now the colors we loveshop now styling shop lilliana's edit fall outfit inspiration outfits for every occasion style gallery style storiesshop now fall outfit inspirationshop now community shop #thisisann stores giving back our mission donate now sale shop sale tops & blouses sale sweaters sale dresses sale pants sale shorts sale jeans sale jackets sale skirts sale suits sale shoes sale accessories sale jewelry final sale features all sale new to sale petite sale shop sale services shop services customer service live chat >home >privacy & security customer service terms of use privacy + security all rewards credit card contact us find an answer what can we help you find? find an answer. what can we help you find? top questions order status + tracking returns + exchanges shopping on ann taylor gift card + gifting services my account subscription updates international contact us in-store pickup privacy policy updated and effective: december 31, 2019 this privacy policy applies to any website, application, feature, widget or other online service that is owned or controlled by ann inc., a subsidiary of ascena retail group, inc. ("ann"), that posts a link to this privacy policy (collectively, the “channels”) and by ann offline. by accessing, using, or otherwise interacting with any part of our channels, or by otherwise providing personal information to ann, you agree to be bound by the terms of this policy and the applicable terms of use which govern your use of any channel. if you do not agree to the terms of this policy and the applicable terms of use, do not access or use the channels or provide personal information to us through any channel. this privacy policy explains: general audience site information we collect our use of information sharing of information third-party links & content online advertising and analytics providers how we respond to “do not track” signals security consent to transfer and storage in the united states accessing and updating your personal information and your choices changes to this privacy policy contact us information for residents of the european union and european economic area notice to nevada residents notice to california residents general audience site our channels are intended for a general audience and are not intended for use by or targeted to children younger than the age of 18. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children younger than the age of 18. if you are the parent or legal guardian of a child younger than age 18 and believe that we have inadvertently collected personal information from your child, please contact us using the information in the “contact us” section below. information we collect we collect information from you directly, automatically when you visit the channels, and from third parties.  some of this information may be considered “personal information” under various applicable laws.  we consider information that identifies you as a specific, identified individual (such as your name, phone number, and e-mail address) to be personal information. we will also treat additional information, including ip addresses and cookie identifiers, as “personal information” where required by applicable law. some of the personal information we collect includes first and last name, email addresses, postal addresses, and telephone numbers. we may also collect other information about you, such as payment card data or other payment information, information about your purchases and other transactions with us, demographic information (e.g., your gender, zip code/postal code, or similar information), information about the device you are using to access the channels, and information about your preferences and interests. we may also offer features through which you may choose to provide us with biometric identifiers (for example, imaging used to help us design better fitting clothing). we may take your personal information and de-identify it so as to make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals and/or by hashing the information or otherwise removing characteristics that make the information personally identifiable directly to you. we will treat de-identified information as non-personal to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. we may combine the information we collect online with information we collect in our stores or elsewhere offline. information you provide. we may ask you to provide certain information to us when you use the channels or offline. for example, you may give us your information when making a purchase or completing another transaction, joining our affiliate program, interacting with customer service (including live chat), and through interactive features. when interacting with customer service, you may have the option to allow our representatives to share your screen. if you choose to permit screen sharing, we may be able to view any data and applications present on your device screen at that time. community forums and user submission. the channels may provide you the opportunity to submit information to us, through interactive features, and through other communication functionality ("community forums"). you may choose, through such features or otherwise, to submit or post “user submissions” (which means any and all information and content that you submit or post to the channels, including, without limitation, photos, audio, video, messages, text, files, or other content you provide us and as further described in our terms of use). some features, such as user reviews, may be operated by a third party and your postings also may be subject to the third party’s privacy policy and terms of use. please note that certain information, such as your name and/or place of residence, may be publicly displayed on the channels along with your user submissions. your use of any community forum is subject to our terms of use, including without limitation the “user submissions” section. note that anything you submit through a public-facing community forum may be made public – others will have access to your user submission and may use it or share it with third parties. we are not responsible for the actions of third parties and the use of your information and other user submissions by such third parties is not subject to the protections of this privacy policy. social networking features functionality on the channels may permit interactions between the channels and a third-party service such as facebook or instagram (“social networking features”). examples of social networking features include enabling you to “like” or “share” content from the channels or to “like” or “share” our page on a third-party service; to automatically or selectively show your social media posts on the channels; and to otherwise connect the channels to a third-party service. if you choose to share content or to otherwise post information through the channels to a third-party service, or vice versa, that information may be publicly displayed. similarly, if you post information on a third-party service that references us (for example, by using a hashtag associated with us in your post), your post may be published on the channels or otherwise in accordance with the terms of that third party. also, both we and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the channels and the third-party service. these third-party social networking companies may collect information about your visit to a channel through the social networking features we have integrated into the channel, and - if you are signed into your account with such a third-party social networking company – it may collect additional information in accordance with the terms of your agreement with that company. in addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party service give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your profile or similar page on a social networking or other third-party service. the information we collect in connection with social networking features is subject to this privacy policy. the information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party’s privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third-party service. if you submit user submissions or use social networking features, we may publish that information or content online or offline, including in connection with our advertising, marketing, publicity, and promotional activities, as further described in our terms of use. information provided by third parties we may obtain information about you from third parties, including our joint marketing partners, third-party websites, affiliate program service providers, the bank that operates our private label credit card programs, users who provide us with information about others (i.e. purchasing a gift card for someone else), or other unrelated third parties. we may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. in those cases, we will apply this privacy policy to the combined information. please note that if you apply for or utilize a branded credit card from one of our brands, you are providing your information to the bank that administers the credit card, which will share that information with us. send-to-a-friend features. we may make available on the channels a “send-to-a-friend,” “refer a friend,” “wishlist” or similar function that permits you to send channel content directly to a third party through the channels. if you send a friend a communication using such functionality, the information you provide about your friend (e.g., name and e-mail address) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person. information the channels automatically collect when you interact with us. ann and our third-party service providers, including analytics providers, advertisers, and third-party content providers, may automatically or passively receive and record certain information about your use of the channels whenever you visit or interact with the channels, such as: your ip address, mobile device identifier, or similar device identifier; browser type; type of device you use to access the channels; the domain name from which you arrived at the channels; the time of day you visit our channels; location data (defined below); and specific pages or areas of the channel through which you navigate and how you interact with those pages or areas ("usage information"). this information helps us create a better experience for our users and provide you with targeted advertising. please see the “online advertising and analytics providers” section below for more information about how to control the use of your personal information for the purposes of advertising. we typically consider usage information to be non-personal, but as stated above, we will treat certain usage information, such as ip addresses, as personal information where required by applicable law. we may capture and record or infer certain location data regarding your use of the channels and your travels ("location data"). we may link that location data to other information that you provide to us or that may be accessed in connection with your use of the channels. we may directly collect precise location data from the device you use to access the channels if you have opted-in to such collection through our mobile application or your browser. you may be able to turn off the collection of precise location data through your device settings. however, please note that we may still be able to infer your approximate location through other information we collect, such as ip address. the methods used to collect usage information may include: cookies and local storage. “cookies” and local storage are pieces of information (data files) transferred to an individual’s browser on their device when the device is used to visit a channel. these technologies are able to store a unique identifier for a device to allow a certain internet site to recognize the device whenever the device is used to visit the site. these technologies may be used for many purposes by us and our third-party service providers, such as automatically collecting usage information, enabling features, remembering your preferences, and providing you with targeted advertising elsewhere online. if you do not want to accept cookies, you can block them by adjusting the settings on your internet browser. you can find more information about cookies and how they work at www.allaboutcookies.org. certain browsers or browser add-ons, such as adobe flash, may provide additional local data storage mechanisms that are used in a manner similar to cookies, and some of the content included on our channels may make use of this local storage. for example, a flash cookie is a data file placed on a device via the adobe flash plug-in that may be built into or downloaded by you onto your device. flash cookies may be used for various purposes, including, without limitation, enabling a flash feature and remembering your preferences. for more information about flash and the privacy choices adobe offers, visit https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.if you choose to disable cookies, to adjust your flash privacy settings on your device, or to otherwise restrict local storage, some features of the channels may not function properly, including the shopping cart and ordering processes. web beacons. small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “pixel tags,” “1x1 gifs,” or “clear gifs”) may be included in our web pages and email messages. web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or email can act as a web beacon. web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to a channel, to monitor how users navigate the channel, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular links were actually viewed. embedded scripts. an embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the channels, such as the links you click on. the code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to a channel, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. in addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security and fraud detection purposes. our use of information we may use information collected from or about you, including your personal information and usage information to: allow you participate in the channels, or features or activities we offer, including sweepstakes, contests, or other prize promotions; process a transaction (through our channels or in our stores) or your account registration, verify your identity or eligibility, and send you confirmations and receipts; send you information and special offers (including through email, text message, and on-device notifications) from us, our advertisers, or third-party business partners;to contact you regarding any problems with your merchandise order or account; and to respond to your inquiries and provide customer service related to your use of the channels; administer and manage our affiliate program, through which third parties make money by referring customers to our channels; protect each party from errors, misuse of the channels, fraud, or any criminal activity; help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements, both on the channels and elsewhere; improve the channels or our products and services and for legal, regulatory and internal business purposes; detect and troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, and enforce applicable agreements and policies for the channels; and fulfill any other purpose consistent with this privacy policy or for purposes disclosed to you at the time of collection or with your consent. sharing of information we may share non-personal information, which may include usage information and hashed or otherwise de-identified data, with third parties. we may share the information we have collected about you (including personal information) in the circumstances described below or elsewhere in this privacy policy, as disclosed at the time you provide information or otherwise with your consent – all as permitted by applicable law. affiliated and unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing ann may share your information with ascena retail group, inc. (the parent company of ann), other brands owned by ascena retail group, and its and our affiliates and subsidiaries, for business, analytical, and operational purposes. we also share personal information with these affiliated companies so that they may contact you with their own direct marketing. we may share personal information with unaffiliated third parties as well (which may include advertising member networks and other data cooperatives) for their own direct marketing purposes and those of such unaffiliated third parties’ own clients. you may opt out of our sharing personal information we have collected about you with third parties for their direct marketing purposes as described in the “updating your personal information and choices” section below. please note that if you have separately signed up to receive marketing communications from another ascena brand, you will need to follow the opt-out procedures offered by that brand in order to stop receiving marketing messages from that brand. using the affiliate opt-out feature described below will not affect your receipt of marketing messages from other ascena brands that you have interacted with directly. and, if we have shared your information prior to you exercising your right to opt-out, you will need to opt-out directly with any third party who contacts you with marketing communications. california residents, please see our “notice to california residents” section below for additional information about california privacy rights. third parties providing services on our behalf we may use third-party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, such as hosting the channels or channel features, delivering packages, processing credit card payments, processing transactions and fulfilling orders, removing repetitive information from customer lists, providing customer service, providing website usage analytics, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), providing targeted advertising, sending email, direct mail or other communications, providing marketing assistance and data analysis or enhancement, or performing other administrative services. we may give these service providers access to your information (or allow them to collect information from or about you) so that they can carry out the services they are performing for you or for ann. one company with whom we may work is borderfree, a u.s.-based service provider that we may contract with to facilitate the sale and fulfillment of international online purchases. where borderfree will be used to fulfill your international purchase, information that you provide during the checkout process will be collected by or provided to borderfree and will be processed in accordance with borderfree’s own privacy policy. by making such a purchase, you agree to borderfree’s privacy policy and terms & conditions of use. when you agree to receive information from third parties or request that we share your information we will disclose your information to a third party (or parties) when you direct us to do so or you consent to the sharing, and your information will then be subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third party. for example, you may be presented with an opportunity to receive information or marketing offers from one or more third parties or to use an interactive feature or third-party application. cobranded credit card when you apply for and use a branded credit card, you will provide certain information to the issuing bank directly and ann may share certain information at your direction to facilitate your application and use of the card. in addition, ann may share information with the issuing bank for our all rewards credit card (and our former ann taylor and loveloft credit cards), and its affiliates, for purposes related to those credit cards. for example, we may share information in order to send joint offerings, including information on how to apply for an ann cobranded credit card, and in connection with your use of an ann cobranded credit card, such as to maintain or service accounts and to effectuate transactions. we may also share information with these parties for analytics purposes. other cobranded partners cobranded partners are entities with whom we work to offer a service or feature. you can typically tell when you are accessing a service offered by a cobranded partner because the cobranded partner’s name will be featured prominently. you may be asked to provide information about yourself to utilize a feature offered by a cobranded partner. in doing so, you may be providing your information to both us and to the cobranded partner, or we may share your information with the cobranded partner in order to allow you to participate in the feature. please note that the cobranded partner’s policies will apply its collection and use of your information, not this policy. we may also offer scrip programs (which allow you to instruct us to divert a percentage of the amount you spend on purchases to participating schools and other non-profit organizations) or third-party loyalty programs (which allow you to earn “points” on purchases through a channel and use the points toward certain rewards offered by the loyalty program). if we offer any scrip, loyalty, or similar program in which ann is a participating vendor and you choose to participate, you authorize ann or our payment processor to provide information about your purchases to the company administering the program. in such case, the information we will share with that program administrator may include your name, payment information, the date and amount of your purchase, and other information. please note that once we disclose this information, the scrip or loyalty company may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy. we do not control the privacy practices of third parties and you should review the privacy policy of any scrip or loyalty partner or other cobranded partner before participating. business transfers and transitions in the event ann goes through a transition (such as a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or sale of all or a portion of its assets, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process), your information will likely be among the assets transferred. by providing your personal information, you agree that we may transfer such information to the acquiring entity without your further consent. sweepstakes, contests, & promotions we may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “promotion”) that may require registration. by participating in a promotion, you are agreeing to the provisions, conditions, or official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you (including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing materials). if you choose to enter a promotion, personal information may be disclosed to third parties (including, without limitation, a co-sponsor) or the public in connection with the administration of such promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the promotion’s terms or official rules (such as on a winners list). administrative and legal reasons ann reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request; to protect the integrity of the channels; to fulfill your requests; to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation, an investigation on a public safety matter, or an investigation into claims of intellectual-property infringement; to protect and defend the legal rights or property of ann, our parent company, affiliates and shareholders, any channel or its users, or any other party; or, in an emergency, to protect the health and safety of our users or the general public. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. employment applications if you apply for a job through the channels, we or our service provider(s) may ask you to provide self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender, and ethnicity) in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by, as applicable, the equal employment opportunity commission and other federal, state, provincial/territorial, and local regulatory agencies. providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide such information, we and/or our service provider may submit that information to the appropriate government or regulatory agencies to fulfill reporting requirements and use that information to defend against employment-related complaints. third-party links & content the channels may link to or incorporate websites, advertising or content hosted and served by third parties over which we have no control and which are governed by the privacy policies and business practices of those third parties, including the bank that operates our private-label credit card programs. ann is not responsible for the privacy practices or business practices of any third party. online advertising and analytics providers we may work with network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers, and other vendors to serve our advertisements on third-party websites, apps, and elsewhere online and to provide us with information regarding use of and traffic on the channels (including without limitation the pages viewed and the actions users take when visiting the channels) and the effectiveness of our advertisements. for example, if you click on an advertisement for ann, our service provider(s) may be able to tell us the advertisement you clicked on and where you were viewing the advertisement. the advertisements you see may be served by one or more third parties, who may use information about your activities on the channels, and other websites and services you visit across the various devices you use, to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. our service providers may collect certain information about your visits to and activity on the channels and other websites and services and may use this information to target advertising to you. these service providers may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including without limitation cookies and web beacons) and may otherwise collect or have access to information about you (such as usage information and device identifier). some of these parties may collect personal information over time when you visit the channels or other online websites and services. cookies and web beacons, including without limitation those set by third-party network advertisers, may be used to (among other things): target advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times, and conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you. we may share certain information such as device identifiers, usage information, records of transactions you conduct on our channels or offline, and de-identified information with third-party advertising companies, analytics providers, and other vendors for advertising and analytics purposes. in addition, we and our third-party service providers may use this information to perform matching with third-party cookies in order to provide targeted online marketing. we use a variety of service providers to perform advertising and analytics services, and some of these companies may be members of the network advertising initiative (“nai”) or digital advertising alliance (“daa”). you may wish to visit optout.networkadvertising.org, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the opt-out procedures of nai members. you may also want to visit optout.aboutads.info, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an opt-out for daa-participating companies. if you are a california resident, please see our “notice to california residents” section below regarding additional rights you have, including how to exercise your “do not sell” right. we use google analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the channels and report on activities and trends. this service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. you can learn about google’s practices by going to google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and opt out of them by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. for mobile apps, you may be able to limit certain advertising practices using the settings on your phone, tablet or other mobile device. you may also download the appchoices app at youradchoices.com/appchoices to opt out of the delivery of interest-based advertisements in participating mobile apps. please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. you will continue to receive non-targeted advertisements while online. how we respond to “do not track” signals some internet browsers may be configured to send “do not track” signals to the online services that you visit. there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “do not track” means in this context. like many websites and online services, our channels may not alter their practices when they receive a “do not track” signal from a visitor’s browser, unless specifically required by law. to find out more about “do not track,” please visit www.allaboutdnt.com. security we employ commercially reasonable security methods and technologies to help secure your personal information, including physical, technological, and organizational protections. however, no system can be guaranteed 100% secure. we therefore cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, or that we transmit to you, or guarantee that it will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. you use the channels and provide us with information at your own initiative and risk. consent to transfer and storage in the united states ann is a united states company. please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the united states and other countries. by using the channels, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing, and storage of your information in the united states and other jurisdictions, for which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. as a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the united states and other countries according to laws in those jurisdictions. your information will also be disclosed to third parties as described in the “sharing of information” section above. accessing and updating your personal information and your choices the channels may contain webpages or applications through which you can correct or update some of the personal information you have provided (such as an online account) or through which you may be able to unsubscribe or modify the email newsletters or similar communications we send to you. if you have an online account, you are responsible for maintaining and updating, as applicable, your account registration data with current, accurate, and complete information. you may view, update, and/or edit the registration data you have provided to ann by logging in to your account and following the appropriate instructions. all registered users of a channel have the right to request the removal of certain content that (they have publicly posted on the channel. a user can request that we remove content (s)he has previously posted by contacting us using the information listed in the “contact us” section below. when submitting a request, please be sure to include your full name, email address, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the user submission(s) for which you are requesting removal (e.g., for product reviews, a url of the product page and the user name under which you posted your review). in some cases, we may remove only your personal information, but maintain the rest of your user submission. note that any removal of your public postings in accordance with these procedures does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you posted, which may persist in archival records or may have been copied by third parties while publicly accessible. note that if you have submitted your post to a third party (such as a product review), you may need to request removal from that third party. ann will make requested changes in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. note, however, that we may retain information that you have updated or changed for internal or administrative purposes. public postings that you have made (if any) will generally not be removed as a result of updating or deleting your registered account (unless you also follow the procedure for removing such posts as described above). if you would like to access personal information ann has on file about you, or if you would like to request that we delete that personal information, please submit your request here. https://www.anntaylor.com/requestform we will require you to verify your identity before allowing you to access or delete your personal information. in some cases, we may not be able to allow you to access or delete certain personal information (such as where we are required to retain personal information in order to comply with applicable law and for other reasons). if you are a california resident, please see our "notice to california residents" section below for additional information. if you would like to request that we correct personal information that we have on file about you and that you believe is inaccurate, please email us at privacyoffice@anninc.com. you can unsubscribe from marketing emails through the opt-out mechanism included in each marketing email we send to you. you may also visit our preference center to opt-out of (a) commercial email or direct-mail marketing messages from an ann brand, (b) having your personal information made available to affiliated companies within the ascena collective of brands for their direct marketing purposes, and/or (c) sharing of your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes. if you sign up to receive sms or mms messages that may be offered on the channels, you may unsubscribe by replying "stop." note that we reserve the right to send you certain email or postal communications relating to your use of our channels, service announcements, notices of changes to this privacy policy or our other terms, or similar administrative or transactional messages, and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from marketing communications. changes to this privacy policy to the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to change or modify this privacy policy in our discretion at any time. we will notify you of material changes by posting the changed or modified privacy policy on our channels. we may also provide notice to you in other ways, such as through contact information you have provided. any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised privacy policy unless otherwise specified. your continued use of the channels after the effective date of the revised privacy policy (or such other act as specified in the revised privacy policy) will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, constitute your consent to those changes. however, we will provide notice and obtain your consent (opt-in or opt-out) if required by law.  note that you may need to consent to our new policies in order to continue to use the channels and our services. contact us by mail:  ann privacy office, c/o chief counsel – ip & regulatory at ascena retail group, 8323 walton parkway, new albany, oh 43054. you may also contact the ann privacy office by email at privacyoffice@anninc.com. information for residents of the european union and european economic area this section of the privacy policy applies only if you use our online channels from a country that is a member state of the european union or european economic area (collectively, “eu”), and it supplements the information in the remainder of our privacy policy, above. we comply with the european union general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and other relevant data protection laws. for gdpr purposes, ann is a data “controller” for processing of information defined as personal data under applicable data protection law (“personal data”). we do not knowingly sell products through our channels to those younger than the age of 18. legal basis for data processing we process personal data for the purposes set out above in our privacy policy. our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of a contract between us (for example, to provide you with products and services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the channels); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you and to improve the channels and our services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to communicate with you about our products and services and provide you with marketing information), which may subsequently be withdrawn at any time by contacting us (using the contact instructions below) without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. eu data subject rights the gdpr provides certain rights for eu data subjects. you can access information about you and update or correct it. in some cases, you can also ask us to erase it, restrict or stop processing, or provide data in a “portable” form, if feasible. you may withdraw consent (“opt-out”) if you have previously consented to any particular use of your information, such as receiving emails or text messages. for all such requests, contact privacyoffice@anninc.com. you may also decline to share certain personal data with us, in which case we may not be able to provide some of the features and functionality of our channels. you may make changes to the personal data collected by our account registration pages as described in the “accessing and updating your personal information and your choices” section, above. we will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you reasonable access to your personal data within 30 days of your access request to the contact address below. we provide this access so that you may review, make corrections, or request deletion of your personal data. if we cannot honor your request within 30 days, we will inform you when we will be able to provide such access. if for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation as to why access is denied. when technically feasible, at your request, we will provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller. third-party online advertising as discussed in our privacy policy above, we work with certain third-party advertising companies in connection with our online advertising and those companies may set cookies or other tracking technologies in connection with providing advertising related services to us. the european digital advertising alliance ("edaa") has developed a guide to online behavioural advertising and has developed an opt-out page to manage online behavioural advertising preferences with participating edaa member companies available at www.youronlinechoices.com. you may also be able to manage cookies placed on our site by using our cookie management tool. retention of information we retain your personal data while you have an account with us and while you continue to use or visit any of the channels. we will retain your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, considering the time period reasonably necessary to: provide the channels and our services to you; exercise the choices and rights you have requested; comply with our contractual obligations; enforce our terms for use of the channels; and comply with legal and regulatory requirements. inquiries and complaints please first contact us as set forth below. eu residents have the right to make a complaint to your national data protection supervisory authority if you do not believe we have resolved your concern. contact us for all eu data subject rights requests, please put the statement "your eu data subject rights" in the subject field of your request. please provide your contact information in your request and clearly indicate that you are requesting information with respect to ann. if you need further assistance, please contact us at any of the following: by email: privacyoffice@anninc.com by mail (us): ann privacy office, chief counsel – ip & regulatory, ascena retail group, 8323 walton parkway, new albany, oh 43054 by mail (eu representative): worldwide retail holdings, b.v., atrium building, 8th floor, strawinskylaan 3127, 1077 zx amsterdam, the netherlands notice to nevada residents pursuant to nevada law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain covered personally identifiable information we have collected about you through our websites and online services, as those terms are defined under applicable nevada law. if you are a nevada resident and would like to opt-out of the sale of your covered information, please submit your request to privacyoffice@anninc.com. your request must include your full name and zip code. please contact us from the email address you have used to interact with us, or else provide us with that email address in your nevada opt-out request email. we may contact you via such email address us as needed regarding this request. if you previously provided a phone number to us, including it in your nevada opt-out request email will assist us in identifying you and processing your request. you may also be required to take reasonable steps as we determine from time to time in order to verify your identity and/or the authenticity of the request.  we will respond to your request within sixty (60) days either confirming that your request has been processed or indicating that we need an additional thirty (30) days to complete the request. notice to california residents 1. california privacy notice this california privacy notice is effective as of january 1, 2020. this california privacy notice supplements our privacy policy and applies only to california residents. this notice sets forth the disclosures and rights for california consumers regarding their personal information, as required by the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”). terms used in this california privacy notice have the same meanings given in the ccpa and the regulations of the california attorney general implementing the ccpa, unless otherwise defined. this notice provides information about the categories of information that we collect from california residents generally, the sources of the information, the purposes for which we use the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes and to whom we sell personal information as defined by ccpa (and information on how to opt-out). information we collect we collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (”personal information”). the following are the categories of personal information that we have collected from our users over the last 12 months (and examples of the types of information those include), the categories of sources from which that information was collected, the business or commercial purpose(s) for which the information was collected, the categories of third parties with whom we disclose the information for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. the personal information we collect about you will depend upon how you use our channels or otherwise interact with us. accordingly, we may not collect all of the below information about you. we may also collect and/or use additional types of information after providing notice to you before collection and obtaining your consent (to the extent such notice and consent is required by the ccpa). a.        category of personal information collected: identifiers (i) representative data elements.  some of the information we may collect for this category includes: real name; alias; contact information (such as postal address, phone number, and email address); unique personal identifier; online identifier; device identifier; internet protocol address; account name; date of birth (or partial dob such as birth day and month); driver’s license or state identification card number; or other similar identifiers. (ii) categories of sources from which the information is collected. we may collect this type of information from: consumer (i.e., you); cookies and tracking technologies; third-party service providers; third-party social media companies; affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands and other third-party business partners; and third-party data resellers. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to allow you participate in the channels, or features or activities we offer; to process a transaction (through our channels or in our stores) or your account registration, verify your identity or eligibility, and send you confirmations and receipts; to send you information and special offers from us, our advertisers, or third-party business partners; to contact you regarding any problems with your merchandise order or account; to respond to your inquiries and provide customer service related to your use of the channels; to administer and manage our affiliate program, through which third parties make money by referring customers to our channels; to protect against misuse of the channels, fraud, or any criminal activity; to help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements; to improve the channels or our products and services; for legal, regulatory and internal business purposes; to detect and troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, and enforce applicable agreements and policies for the channels; and for other purposes disclosed to you at the time of collection or undertaken with your consent. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as those described in the “sharing of information” section of our privacy policy, above; and other third parties (including government agencies) to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders) or to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. (v) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. we may sell this type of personal information to: affiliates in the ascena collective of brands for their own marketing purposes; and third parties with which we have a relationship, such as operators of data co-op services in which we participate. in addition, third-party advertising companies may have access to this data, including to better serve you more relevant and sometimes location-based advertisements, and this may be considered a sale under ccpa under certain circumstances. to opt out of  automated data sharing for targeted advertising and similar purposes that may occur when you visit our channels, please use our cookie management tool. b.        category of personal information collected: any categories of personal information as defined in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80 (i) representative data elements.  some of the information we may collect for this category includes: name; physical characteristics or description; address; telephone number; driver's license or state identification card number; education; occupation or field; and gift card information (ii) categories of sources from which the information is collected. we may collect this type of information from: consumer (i.e., you); third-party service providers; third-party social media companies; affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands and other third-party business partners; and third-party data resellers. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to allow you participate in the channels, or features or activities we offer; to process a transaction (through our channels or in our stores) or your account registration, verify your identity or eligibility, and send you confirmations and receipts; to send you information and special offers from us, our advertisers, or third-party business partners; to contact you regarding any problems with your merchandise order or account; to respond to your inquiries and provide customer service related to your use of the channels; to administer and manage our affiliate program, through which third parties make money by referring customers to our channels; to protect against misuse of the channels, fraud, or any criminal activity; to help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements; to improve the channels or our products and services; for legal, regulatory and internal business purposes; to detect and troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, and enforce applicable agreements and policies for the channels; and for other purposes disclosed to you at the time of collection or undertaken with your consent. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as those described in the “sharing of information” section of our privacy policy, above; and other third parties (including government agencies) to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders) or to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. (v) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. we may sell this type of personal information to: affiliates in the ascena collective of brands for their own marketing purposes; and third parties with which we have a relationship, such as operators of data co-op services in which we participate. c.        category of personal information collected: characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law (i) representative data elements. some of the information we may collect for this category includes: age; race, ethnicity, or national origin; marital status; veteran or military status; and sex (including gender). (ii) categories of sources from which the information is collected. we may collect this type of information from: consumer (i.e., you); and third-party data resellers. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements; and to improve the channels or our products and services. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as third-party advertising and analytics companies, and other third parties (including government agencies) to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders), or to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. (v) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. we may sell this type of personal information to: affiliates in the ascena collective of brands for their own marketing purposes; and third parties with which we have a relationship, such as operators of data co-op services in which we participate. d.        category of personal information collected: commercial information (i) representative data elements.  some of the information we may collect for this category includes: information about your transactions at our stores and online, including records of items considered, purchased, and returned; information about reviews you have written; information about your customer service contact history (such as when you interact with our customer service team over the phone or through chat or if you respond to our text messages, including transcriptions of conversations and ivr recordings); information about your participation in our loyalty program or other member programs (such as how many points you have and promotion codes we send to you); and information about your participation in any contests, sweepstakes, or promotions. (ii) categories of sources from which the information was collected. we may collect this type of information from: consumer (i.e., you); cookies and tracking technologies; third-party service providers; affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands and other third-party business partners; and third-party data resellers. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to allow you participate in the channels, or features or activities we offer; to process a transaction (through our channels or in our stores) and send you confirmations and receipts; to respond to your inquiries and provide customer service related to your use of the channels; to administer and manage our affiliate program, through which third parties make money by referring customers to our channels; to protect against misuse of the channels, fraud, or any criminal activity; to help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements; to improve the channels or our products and services; for legal, regulatory and internal business purposes; and to detect and troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, and enforce applicable agreements and policies for the channels. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as those described in the “sharing of information” section of our privacy policy, above; and: other third parties (including government agencies) to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders), or to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. (v) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. we may sell this type of personal information to: affiliates in the ascena collective of brands for their own marketing purposes; and third parties with which we have a relationship, such as operators of data co-op services in which we participate. in addition, third-party advertising companies may have access to this data, including to better serve you more relevant and sometimes location-based advertisements, and this may be considered a sale under ccpa under certain circumstances. to opt out of automated data sharing for targeted advertising and similar purposes that may occur when you visit our channels, please use our cookie management tool. e.         category: biometric information (i) representative data elements.  we may offer you the opportunity to participate in features that collect information that may be considered “biometric information” under the ccpa, such as advanced clothes fitting features that are based on body scanning technology. (ii) categories of sources from which the information was collected. we may collect this type of information from you directly. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected to allow you to participate in the feature and to allow us to improve our products and services. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to third-party service provider(s) who assist in providing these services. f.         category of personal information collected: internet or other electronic network activity information (i) representative data elements.  some of the information we may collect for this category includes: hardware model, browser, and operating system you are using; the url or advertisement that referred you to the channel you are visiting; all of the areas within the channels that you visit; devices you have used to access the channels; login information (such as your last login); your time zone; location information based off your ip address; and mobile network (if applicable). (ii) categories of sources from which the information is collected. we may collect this type of information from: cookies and tracking technologies; and third-party service providers. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to allow you participate in the channels, or features or activities we offer; to administer and manage our affiliate program, through which third parties make money by referring customers to our channels; to protect against misuse of the channels, fraud, or any criminal activity; to help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements; to improve the channels or our products and services; for legal, regulatory and internal business purposes; and to detect and troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, and enforce applicable agreements and policies for the channels. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as those described in the “sharing of information” section of our privacy policy, above; and other third parties (including government agencies) to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders), or to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. (v) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. we may sell this type of personal information to: affiliates in the ascena collective of brands for their own marketing purposes; and third parties with which we have a relationship, such as operators of data co-op services in which we participate. in addition, third-party advertising companies may have access to this data, including to better serve you more relevant and sometimes location-based advertisements, and this may be considered a sale under ccpa under certain circumstances. to opt out of automated data sharing for targeted advertising and similar purposes that may occur when you visit our channels, please use our cookie management tool. g.        category of personal information collected: geolocation information (i) representative data elements.  we may collect information about your precise geolocation through your use of our mobile app or features on our website (e.g., store locator). (ii) categories of sources from which the information was collected. we may collect this type of information from: customer (i.e., you); cookies and tracking technologies; and third-party service providers. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to allow you participate in the channels, or features or activities we offer; to protect against misuse of the channels, fraud, or any criminal activity; to help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements; to improve the channels or our products and services; for legal, regulatory and internal business purposes; to detect and troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, and enforce applicable agreements and policies for the channels; and for other purposes disclosed to you at the time of collection or undertaken with your consent. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as those described in the “sharing of information” section of our privacy policy, above; and: other third parties (including government agencies to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders), or to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. (v) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. we may sell this type of personal information to: affiliates in the ascena collective of brands for their own marketing purposes; and third parties with which we have a relationship, such as operators of data co-op services in which we participate. in addition, third-party advertising companies may have access to this data, including to better serve you more relevant and sometimes location-based advertisements, and this may be considered a sale under ccpa under certain circumstances. to opt out of automated data sharing for targeted advertising and similar purposes that may occur when you visit our channels, please use our cookie management tool. h.        category of personal information collected: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information (i) representative data elements.  we may collect images or recordings from you when you use certain features of the channels, such as writing product reviews. we may also contact you directly regarding re-use of a photo or video you have created. depending on what they capture, these images and recordings could be considered personal information under ccpa. (ii) categories of sources from which the information was collected. we may collect this type of information from: customer (i.e., you); and third-party social media companies. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to allow you participate in the channels, or features or activities we offer; and for product development, marketing, and similar business purposes. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as those described in the “sharing of information” section of our privacy policy, above; and other third parties (including government agencies) to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders) or to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. i.          category of personal information collected: professional or employment-related information (i) representative data elements.  we may collect information about your occupation, job title, and business name. (ii) categories of sources from which the information was collected. we may collect this type of information from: customer (i.e., you); third-party social media companies; and third-party data resellers. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements; and to improve the channels or our products and services. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as those described in the “sharing of information” section of our privacy policy, above; and other third parties (including government agencies) to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders) to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. (v) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. we may sell this type of personal information to: affiliates in the ascena collective of brands for their own marketing purposes; and third parties with which we have a relationship, such as operators of data co-op services in which we participate. j.         category of personal information collected: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer (i) representative data elements.  we may draw inferences from any of the information we have collected or may receive inferences drawn by a third party. these inferences may relate to your perceived interests, preferences, characteristics, or behavior. (ii) categories of sources from which the information is collected. we may draw these inferences ourselves or acquire them from third-party data resellers. (iii) business or commercial purpose(s) for which information is collected. this information is collected: to help us serve you better, including personalizing your shopping experience and tailoring content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, including advertisements; and to improve the channels or our products and services. (iv) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is disclosed for a business purpose. we may disclose this type of information to: affiliated entities within the ascena collective of brands; service providers, such as third-party advertising and analytics companies, and other third parties (including government agencies) to comply with law, regulation, or legal request (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders) or to protect or defend our or any third party’s legal rights. (v) categories of third parties to whom this type of personal information is sold. we may sell this type of personal information to: affiliates in the ascena collective of brands for their own marketing purposes; and third parties with which we have a relationship, such as operators of data co-op services in which we participate. in addition, third-party advertising companies may have access to this data, including to better serve you more relevant and sometimes location-based advertisements, and this may be considered a sale under ccpa under certain circumstances. to opt out of automated data sharing for targeted advertising and similar purposes that may occur when you visit our channels, please use our cookie management tool. exercising your rights you have the right to request that we disclose to you what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, including the right to request that we provide to you the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months (“right to know”) and you have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we collect about you (“right to delete”), subject to exceptions set forth in the ccpa.  california residents also have the right to opt-out from the sale of their personal information. these rights are subject to some limitations, such as when we are retaining data to comply with our own legal obligations. you will not be required to create an account with us in order to submit a request. more information on each of these rights is below. if you would like to authorize an agent to act on your behalf in submitting a request to know, request to delete, or request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so by submitting to us a declaration for the agent to make a request on your behalf.  the written permission must state the full legal name of the agent, be clear about the permission, and be signed by you.  alternatively, if you have provided your authorized agent with a power of attorney under probate code sections 4000-4465, your agent may submit a copy of the power of attorney. your agent’s identity, in addition to your own, will need to be independently verified in order for us to be able to fulfill your request. please keep in mind that if we do not receive adequate proof that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf, we may deny the request. response timing when you request access to the personal information we have collected or deletion of your personal information, we will typically provide the requested information within 45 days, and we will notify you within that time period if we need additional time to process your request. when you opt-out from the sale of your personal information, we will honor your request as soon as feasible, but no later than 15 days from the date we receive your request. right to know making a request to request the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months, please complete this form https://www.anntaylor.com/requestform or call us toll-free at 1-888-914-9661 and use pin number 779330. we will provide the requested information free of charge up to two (2) times in a 12-month period, but please note that where we receive unfounded, excessive, or repetitive requests, we may elect to decline the request. note also that we will not retain information we do not ordinarily retain in the course of our regular business practices. verifying requests to access we will request that you provide your name and email address and will verify that your email address is active. depending on what you have used to interact with the channels and to what you are requesting access, we may also request one or more of the following in order to verify your identity: phone number, mailing address, or the date of your last purchase from us. we will also require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request before providing specific pieces of personal information. if we are unable to verify that the individual submitting the request is the same individual about whom we have collected information (or someone authorized by that individual to act on their behalf), we will not be able to provide the requested information. right to delete the ccpa also provides a right to request that we delete personal information we have collected about you and for us to direct service providers to do the same, with certain exceptions as set forth in the ccpa. making a request if you are a california resident and would like to request that we delete your information, please complete this form https://www.anntaylor.com/requestform or call us toll-free at 1-888-914-9661 and use pin number 779330. verifying requests to delete to ensure that we do not delete your personal information in response to a fraudulent request, once you submit the request, we will follow up to confirm that you want your information to be deleted. in order to verify your identity, we will request that you provide your name and two or  more of the following, depending on what you have used to interact with the channels:  email address, phone number, mailing address, or the date of your last purchase from us. ifwe are unable to verify that the individual submitting the request is the same individual about whom we have collected information (or someone authorized by that individual to act on their behalf), we will not delete the information but we will process the request as a “do not sell” request. right to opt-out of the sale of personal information the ccpa also provides a right to california residents to request to opt-out of the sale of personal information. if you are a california resident and would like to opt-out of the sale of personal information, please submit your request by  visiting our privacy preference center and selecting the applicable options or calling us toll-free at 1-888-914-9661 and use pin number 779330. please note that an opt-out choice expressed by web form or telephone will not affect automated data sharing for targeted advertising and similar purposes that may occur when you visit our channels, which sharing may constitute a “sale” of personal information under california law. in order to opt-out of these automated “sales” of personal information, you must express your choice by using our cookie management tool to access our cookie consent tool and set your preferences.  if you later clear your cookies, or if you access our channels through a different device or browser, you will need to set your opt-out preference again. manage cookie preferences users under 16 right to opt-in to the sale for personal information for users under 16 as stated above, ann does not knowingly collect or sell personal information of minors under 18 years of age. without limiting the foregoing, any user who is under 16 years of age is not permitted to opt in to the sale of their personal information. right to non-discrimination for the exercise of a consumer’s privacy rights california consumers have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising ccpa rights.  we will not discriminate against you for exercising your ccpa rights. contact for more information you can contact us for more information as follows: by email: privacyoffice@anninc.com by mail (us): ann privacy office, chief counsel – ip & regulatory, ascena retail group, 8323 walton parkway, new albany, oh 43054 2.         other california rights/your california privacy rights as stated above in this privacy policy, ann does not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes (as defined by california civil code section 1798.83) unless we give you choice (an opt-out) before sharing with those third parties. if you are a california resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request by email to privacyoffice@anninc.com or write us at ann privacy office, c/o chief counsel – ip & regulatory, ascena retail group, 8323 walton parkway, new albany, oh 43054. you must put the statement “your california privacy rights” in the subject field of your email or in the address line of your envelope. you must include your name, email address, street address, city, state, and zip code. we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. live chat mon - fri: 8am to 11pm est sat - sun: 9am to 9pm est chat with us text us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 click to text data rates apply. call us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 international clients 1-614-534-2756 share your style instagram pinterest twitter facebook get on the list sign up for email updates email address sign up for email updates sign up for email updates re-enter email address to confirm re-enter email address to confirm store locator credit cards gift cards customer service customer service track your order returns & exchanges shipping and handling information size guide international orders contact us about our ads gift cards purchase a gift card check your balance all rewards join us terms & conditions - updated all rewards credit card manage all rewards credit card manage all rewards mastercard credit card 15% off† your first qualifying purchase when you open and immediately use your all rewards credit card our company about us careers ann taylor factory loft store locator find a store privacy policy | california privacy | terms of use | site map | responsibly ann | california transparency | corporate | investors | t&c: order alerts | do not sell my personal information ©2021 ann inc. all rights reserved.