来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241218052715/https://www.anntaylor.com/customer-service
================================================================================

customer service | ann taylor extra 50% off sale > shop now **details up to 40% off your full-price purchase > shop now *details $40 sale pants > shop now ***details free shipping‡ with orders of $150+! ‡details my account sign in sign up wallet track an order stylerewards stylerewards my wishlist the stylerewards loyalty program members get more with loyalty-exclusive perks. join us wallet store locator wishlist order status order status customer service gift cards ship to: sign in offer details 30% off* your full-price purchase valid only on in stock merchandise. excludes the preview, core + double-knit suiting and third-party brands as stated. not combinable with other coupons, associate discounts, closing store offers, or promotions, unless otherwise stated. discount taken before tax and u.s. shipping. international orders are ineligible unless otherwise stated. not redeemable for cash (cash value = $0.00) and may not be applied to previous purchases, exchanges, returns, credit card payments, gift cards and e-gift cards. if eligible merchandise is returned, the offer value or a portion thereof may be deducted from the refund or merchandise credit and may not be reused. valid only in ann taylor stores and at anntaylor.com with code: refresh at checkout. valid 1/10 - 1/17/2023 (ends 2:59 a.m. et online). hardcoded. extra 60% off** 2+ sale styles, 50% off** 1 sale style valid only as marked on in stock sale styles. discount is for a limited time and excludes tax and shipping. international orders are ineligible unless otherwise stated. not redeemable for cash or, except as stated in our return policy, adjustments to prior purchases. items marked final sale are not eligible for return. not combinable with coupons or other discounts unless otherwise stated. valid only in ann taylor stores and at anntaylor.com 1/13 - 1/17/2023 (ends 2:59 a.m. et online). free shipping with orders of $150+‡ offer valid only on standard u.s. domestic orders placed on anntaylor.com. free shipping offer excludes alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico. additional fees apply for expedited shipping, multiple shipping destinations, and shipments to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, or outside of the united states. free shipping will be applied automatically at checkout; no promotional code is needed. not valid for cash. no adjustments to prior purchases. offer is subject to change and/or end without notice. ok sign in don't have an account? sign up email address continue this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. forgot password let’s get you back to shopping. enter your email address here. we’ll send you an email so you can create a new password. just click on the link provided in the email. email address submit request to reset your password received sign in this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. introducing stylerewards more points. more perks. sign up have an account? sign in first name last name phone number email address password confirm password join stylerewards loyalty. i agree to the program terms and conditions and acknowledge acceptance of the privacy policy. i understand that by agreeing to these terms, i will receive emails relating to the program. yes, i want to receive email communications, offers, and promotions from ann taylor. by signing up you are agreeing to our privacy policy and terms and conditions. submit this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. 6ld5v4auaaaaaiojtc8gjjnbghuszck6cqtatnls stylerewards stylerewards join stylerewards loyalty by selecting opt-in, you agree to the stylerewards program terms & conditions. to see how we may use your information, take a look at our privacy policy. you may withdraw from the program at any time. join stylerewards loyalty by selecting opt-in, you agree to the stylerewards program terms & conditions. to see how we may use your information, take a look at our privacy policy. you may withdraw from the program at any time. our loyalty program is all about you, with exclusive access to sales and event, birthday gifts , points for every purchase and more! enter phone number please enter a phone number. please enter a valid phone number. join now stylerewards stylerewards you're all in! continue menu borderfree true order status order status my offers new arrivals all new arrivals new petite styles new tall styles new shoes & accessories the preview features shades of the season the it list ann essentials trending now studio collection the february lookbook of-the-moment style shop now shades of the season shop now clothing all clothing tops and blouses sweaters dresses cashmere pants jackets and blazers suits jeans skirts sleepwear and loungewear all new arrivals brand we love: haven well within features best sellers the suiting guide taylor'd for you more sizes all petite all tall all curvy fit new arrivals shop now the it list shop now work all work petite work work tops and blouses work sweaters work dresses blazers pencil & work skirts work pants work shoes suits the suiting guide fresh workwear shop now work skirts shop now weekend all weekend weekend tops weekend sweaters weekend pants & jeans weekend dresses weekend skirts weekend jackets weekend accessories weekend shoes petite weekend the weekend collection shop now weekend tops shop now tops & blouses tops and blouses long sleeve tops short sleeve tops sleeveless tops work tops and blouses layering knit tops weekend tops floral tops shop now polished tops shop now shoes all shoes heels & pumps flats & loafers boots & booties weekend shoes must-have shoes shop now chic loafers shop now accessories all accessories jewelry scarves ponchos & kimonos belts & handbags hair accessories & sunglasses hats & gloves leggings, tights & socks weekend accessories all shoes and accessories leather bags shop now bold jewelry shop now petites all petites petite tops and blouses petite sweaters petite dresses petite pants petite jeans petite jackets and blazers petite skirts petite suits petite work petite weekend new petite styles new arrivals shop now shades of the season shop now sale all sale sale tops sale sweaters sale dresses sale pants sale jeans sale shorts sale skirts sale jackets sale suits sale shoes sale accessories sale jewelry last chance final sale features new to sale petite sale styles sale shop now stylerewards join now wallet store locator wishlist order status order status customer service gift cards ship to: english (united states) wishlist my offers if you decide to use any discounts later, you can apply them here! bag bag ann coupons and special offers tapbelow to apply the offer to cart. extra 50% off** sale no code required ends thursday, january 16, 11:59 pm et exclusions apply - *see details shop now no code required details up to 40% off* your full-price purchase no code required ends tuesday, january 21, 2:59 am et exclusions apply - *see details shop now no code required details $40 sale pants*** no code required ends thursday, january 16, 11:59 pm et exclusions apply - *see details shop now no code required details free shipping‡ with orders of $150+ no code required exclusions apply - *see details shop now no code required details extra 15% off‡‡ your purchase the first tuesday of every month when you use your ann taylor credit card at ann taylor no code required exclusions apply - *see details shop now no code required details extra 10% off your full-price purchase when you sign up for texts messages & data rates apply. recurring automated marketing messages sent number provided at opt-in. text stop to opt-out. consent not required for any purchase. terms & conditions privacy policy exclusions apply | valid in us only - *see details sign me up no code required details search extra 50% off sale > shop now **details up to 40% off your full-price purchase > shop now *details $40 sale pants > shop now ***details free shipping‡ with orders of $150+! ‡details offer details 30% off* your full-price purchase valid only on in stock merchandise. excludes the preview, core + double-knit suiting and third-party brands as stated. not combinable with other coupons, associate discounts, closing store offers, or promotions, unless otherwise stated. discount taken before tax and u.s. shipping. international orders are ineligible unless otherwise stated. not redeemable for cash (cash value = $0.00) and may not be applied to previous purchases, exchanges, returns, credit card payments, gift cards and e-gift cards. if eligible merchandise is returned, the offer value or a portion thereof may be deducted from the refund or merchandise credit and may not be reused. valid only in ann taylor stores and at anntaylor.com with code: refresh at checkout. valid 1/10 - 1/17/2023 (ends 2:59 a.m. et online). hardcoded. extra 60% off** 2+ sale styles, 50% off** 1 sale style valid only as marked on in stock sale styles. discount is for a limited time and excludes tax and shipping. international orders are ineligible unless otherwise stated. not redeemable for cash or, except as stated in our return policy, adjustments to prior purchases. items marked final sale are not eligible for return. not combinable with coupons or other discounts unless otherwise stated. valid only in ann taylor stores and at anntaylor.com 1/13 - 1/17/2023 (ends 2:59 a.m. et online). free shipping with orders of $150+‡ offer valid only on standard u.s. domestic orders placed on anntaylor.com. free shipping offer excludes alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico. additional fees apply for expedited shipping, multiple shipping destinations, and shipments to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, or outside of the united states. free shipping will be applied automatically at checkout; no promotional code is needed. not valid for cash. no adjustments to prior purchases. offer is subject to change and/or end without notice. ok free 2-day shipping for orders over $300 × return to bag home customer service customer service contact us top questions top questions order status and tracking returns and exchanges shopping on ann taylor payment options gift card and gifting services my account subscription updates international in-store pickup loyalty and credit terms of use fastest response live chat mon - fri: 8am to 10pm est sat - sun: 10am to 9pm est chat with us text us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 data rates apply. call us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 international clients 1-614-534-2755 available to support tty top questions order status and tracking returns and exchanges shopping on ann taylor payment options gift card and gifting services my account subscription updates international in-store pickup loyalty and credit terms of use top questions where is my order? once you have received notice that your package has shipped, rest assured that your package is in transit. occasionally there are delays in tracking updates this time of year, however the carrier details will be updated once your package arrives at your local post office. how do i exchange my order? to save you time, we have our quick exchange service. if you find that an item you ordered isn't just right and need a replacement in a different size or color, all you need to do is chat with us or call us at 1-800-342-5266. we'll quickly place an exchange order, charging your preferred credit card but waiving your standard ground shipping fees. in addition, we'll help you make your return to our online store or to a store nearest you. how do i check the status of or track an order? once your order has been shipped, we will notify you via e-mail of the shipment status. this e-mail will also provide you with tracking information and the ability to access the status of your order from the convenience of your computer. you can also check your order status from the site – click on order status on the top right side of the page. you will need your confirmation number and email address to receive your order status. why did i not receive a packslip with my order? as an effort to increase our environmental sustainability, your package may not include a paper invoice. to make a return please make sure you keep the order number from your order confirmation email to locate your order details on the site to print your return label. to return your order in store, please bring your order to the store and an associate will process your return. you may use the order email as your receipt for your returns on this order. please refer to the return policy online for exact details of our return practice. what is the return or exchange policy? holiday 2024 return policy: purchases made november 8, 2024 through december 24, 2024 may be returned through january 31, 2025. returns will be credited for the price paid in the original form of tender when the return/exchange is accompanied by a valid receipt for a purchase made within this time period. in store gift purchases made between november 8, 2024 and december 24, 2024 may be returned through january 31, 2025 with a valid gift receipt for a credit of the price paid in the form of a merchandise credit or as a merchandise exchange when returning in store. merchandise purchased in store may be returned only in store. merchandise purchased online may be returned either online or in store. ann taylor will accept your return or exchange of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail or online. unwashed, unworn and defective merchandise may also be returned or exchanged at any ann taylor store location, with the exception of merchandise from the maternity and swimwear collections. please note, we cannot accept online purchase returns at ann taylor, loft outlet or ann taylor factory store locations. we will credit you for returns, accompanied by proof of purchase, received within 30-days of the purchase for the price paid either in the original form of payment or as a merchandise exchange. for gift returns that are received within 30-days of the transaction date, you will receive an online e-gift certificate for the amount paid by the sender. returns accompanied by proof of purchase, made more than 30-days after the purchase, will be credited for the item's current selling price either in the form of a merchandise credit* or as a merchandise exchange. one price adjustment on full-priced merchandise may be made within 7 days from the original date of purchase. returns without proof of purchase will be credited for the item's current selling price on the date of the return, in the form of a merchandise credit. merchandise without proof of purchase, with a selling price on the date of the return that is deemed final sale, may not be returned or exchanged. merchandise marked as ‘final sale’ may not be returned or exchanged. *a merchandise credit for online returns will be issued by e-mail as an e-gift certificate. a valid email address must be provided. what is the store return practice? we will gladly accept your return of unwashed and unworn or defective merchandise under the following conditions: merchandise purchased at an ann taylor store may only be returned to a ann taylor store. merchandise purchased at an ann taylor factory store may only be returned to an ann taylor factory store. returns accompanied by a valid original receipt made within 30 days of the purchase date are credited for the price paid in the original form of payment or an exchange. returns made after 30 days will be credited for the current selling price in the form of a merchandise credit or an exchange. returns with a valid gift receipt or exchange receipt made within 30 days of the transaction date will be credited the price on the receipt in the form of a merchandise credit or exchange. returns made more than 30 days after the transaction date will be credited for the current selling price. returns without a receipt will be credited for the selling price on the date of the return, in the form of a merchandise credit or exchange. merchandise marked as ‘final sale’ may not be returned or exchanged. merchandise credits: valid photo identification must be presented to receive or redeem a merchandise credit. one price adjustment on full priced merchandise may be made within 7 days from the purchase date. to receive an adjustment, you must present a valid original receipt. returned checks are subject to a service charge of $25 or the maximum allowed by law. the allowable fee for checks returned for insufficient or uncollected funds, together with service charges, may be debited electronically from your account using a bank draft drawn from your account. gift cards: terms and conditions apply to the use of ann taylor and loft gift cards. please refer to the back of the gift card for all applicable terms and conditions or consult a sales associate. ann taylor factory pricing policy: “original” or “ticket” prices are our offering prices that appear on our ticket. this means we offered the merchandise in our stores at those prices; however, we may not have sold the item at that price. the savings we show on our receipts from these prices may not be based on actual sales of the item at the “original” or “ticket” prices. some “original” or “ticket” prices may not have been in effect during the past 90 days. why is my order arriving in multiple packages? to ensure that your order is shipped as efficiently as possible, at times we will fulfill our orders from more than one location. in these rare instances, your entire order may arrive in different boxes. if your products are shipped separately, you will not be charged any additional shipping costs and all tracking information will be included in your separate shipment confirmation emails. please also note that some of our fulfillment centers are unable to ship to a po box, or apo/fpo/dpo or puerto rico address. how do i return my order? start your return online: click here to begin the return process and generate your prepaid label. option 1: visit a store and skip the line select the ‘visit a store’ option complete the steps to return your selected items open your email to view your return slip or print it out bring your items to your preferred store. click here to browse store locations present the return slip to a store associate, either on your mobile device or your physical copy, who will quickly scan the qr code and process your return option 2: ship it back to us select the shipment option complete the steps to return your selected items print the return invoice carefully pack your item(s), in the original condition, and include your printed packing slip affix your shipping label to the package, making sure no other tracking labels are shown once your package is ready to be shipped, refer to the shipping carrier on the label: for ups, drop it off at your nearest ups location for usps (u.s. postal service), give it to your local carrier or drop off at the nearest usps location return on your own: return the package on your own complete the steps to return your selected items print the return invoice carefully pack your item(s), in the original condition, and include your printed return invoice select a carrier (usps, ups, fedex, etc.). pay the return postage at the time of shipping. ship to the following address: ann taylor online store 1901 east state road 240 greencastle, in 46135 once your package is received, a refund will be credited based on our return practice guidelines. if using our prepaid return label, $8.95 will be deducted from your return credit amount. you will receive an email once the return is completed. please note: if you return items on your own without using the link above, it will likely result in an extremely delayed refund. for the fastest refund, we recommend completing the return process using the link above. we reserve the right to limit any customer to only one of the options listed above in our sole discretion. troubleshooting: if you are having difficulty locating your return when using the link above, please check these details: has your entire order been delivered? if so, please allow 24 hours after your entire order was delivered before starting the return process. is your email address entered exactly the same as when your order was placed? is the order number entered exactly as it appears in the first paragraph of your order confirmation email? are you visiting the site where you submitted your order? please note that there are separate sites for each of our brands. to complete the return process, you will need to visit the exact site where your order was placed. how do i cancel an order? you may contact us via chat, text or phone immediately after submitting your order and we will make every effort to cancel it. when we designed our business processes and systems at ann taylor, our goal was to save you time by quickly processing your order. therefore, our window of time for cancellation is very short. if you selected in store or curbside pick up, we are unable to cancel your order – but if you choose not to pick up your order, it will be cancelled after the pick up date. how do i apply a promotion to my order? occasionally, ann taylor will offer code-based promotions that can be redeemed online. promotions and discounts, including free shipping, will be communicated on the website, through emails, and direct marketing, such as mailers. to redeem a code-based promotion, perform the following steps: in the shopping bag, enter your promotion code in the space marked "promo code." click the "apply" button on the right side of the page. prices for the items that are valid for the discount will be reduced by the amount of the promotion, and reflected in your order summary the following restrictions apply: to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotion period. some promotional offers may not be combined with other offers in the same order. your order may need to be of a certain dollar amount to qualify; shipping and taxes are not applicable towards the qualifying amount. enter the code in the shopping bag in the space marked "promo code," and then click the "apply" button. prices and shipping charges, if applicable, will be adjusted according to the applied promotion, with the discount reflected in your grand total. only one promotional code may be used per order. offers may be used only once unless otherwise specified. free shipping offers are valid on standard shipping for orders placed at anntaylor.com with a specified minimum purchase. standard shipping is not available in ak, hi or pr. taxes, shipping and handling fees, purchases of gift cards, charges for gift boxes and payment of ann taylor credit cards do not count towards the qualifying amount. the offer may only apply to certain price points (full-price only) or select products. offers may not be valid in ann taylor stores. offers are not valid at loft stores, ann taylor factory stores, loft outlet stores and loft.com. offers are not valid on purchases of gift cards. offer is not for resale and is not redeemable for cash. no adjustments to prior purchases, and cannot be applied to returned merchandise. what is your price adjustment policy? price adjustments are not eligible on special promotions, including %'s off (e.g., 25%, 40%, and 50% etc.) and $'s off. one price adjustment for merchandise purchased at full-price, which has been marked down for the first time, may be made within 7 days from the original date of purchase. please note, our stores are not able to process price adjustments for online orders. don’t see your question? send us an email email us send us an email using form below or at clientservices@anntaylor.com name email address confirm email address subject select order related questions merchandise questions/feedback website and technical feedback unsubscribe to mail/email/text retail store feedback gift card/e-gift certificate questions international orders and questions stylerewards loyalty questions please select a subject message please allow up to 24 hours to receive a response to your email send thanks. we always appreciate your feedback. order status and tracking please note: it may take a few minutes after placing your order for the details to appear on this page. to track your order, enter your email address and order number you received in your confirmation email. or sign in if you have an ann taylorloft account. email address order number view order the details of your order and/or return are below. if you’re order shows a “processing” status, we are currently working on getting your order ready for shipping. if your order shows a “ready for pick up” status, your order is ready at the store for pick up. as soon as your order ships, we will send you an email with this tracking information. if you need to return an item in your order, please click “return items” to begin the return process. orders that have not yet been shipped are not available to begin the return process returns and exchanges return policy holiday 2024 return policy: purchases made november 8, 2024 through december 24, 2024 may be returned through january 31, 2025. returns will be credited for the price paid in the original form of tender when the return/exchange is accompanied by a valid receipt for a purchase made within this time period. in store gift purchases made between november 8, 2024 and december 24, 2024 may be returned through january 31, 2025 with a valid gift receipt for a credit of the price paid in the form of a merchandise credit or as a merchandise exchange when returning in store. merchandise purchased in store may be returned only in store. merchandise purchased online may be returned either online or in store. ann taylor will accept your return of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail. unwashed, unworn and defective merchandise may also be returned or exchanged at any ann taylor location with the exception of select merchandise explicitly noted in our return policy below. please note, we cannot accept online purchase returns at loft, loft outlet or ann taylor factory store locations. we will credit you for returns, accompanied by proof of purchase, received within 30-days of the purchase for the price paid either in the original form of payment or as a merchandise exchange (in store only). for gift returns that are received within 30-days of the transaction date, you will receive an online e-gift certificate for the amount paid by the sender. returns accompanied by proof of purchase, made more than 30-days after the purchase, will be credited for the item's current selling price either in the form of a merchandise credit* or as a merchandise exchange (in store only). one price adjustment on full-priced merchandise may be made within 7 days from the original date of purchase. returns without proof of purchase will be credited for the item's current selling price on the date of the return, in the form of a merchandise credit. merchandise without proof of purchase, with a selling price on the date of the return that is deemed final sale, may not be returned or exchanged. merchandise marked as ‘final sale’ may not be returned or exchanged. "reduced price merchandise with "final sale" in the description may not be returned or exchanged. merchandise without proof of purchase with a selling price on the date of the return that is deemed "final sale" may not be returned or exchanged. *a merchandise credit for online returns will be issued by e-mail as an e-gift certificate. a valid email address must be provided. quick phone exchange orders to save you time, we have our ann taylor quick exchange service. if you find that an item you ordered isn't just right and need a replacement in a different size or color, all you need to do is call us at 1 800 dial ann (342-5266). we'll quickly place an exchange order--charging your preferred credit card, but waiving your standard ground shipping fees. in addition, we'll help you make your return to our online store or to an ann taylor store nearest you. return guide start your return online: click here to begin the return process and generate your prepaid label. option 1: visit a store and skip the line select the ‘visit a store’ option complete the steps to return your selected items open your email to view your return slip or print it out bring your items to your preferred store. click here to browse store locations present the return slip to a store associate, either on your mobile device or your physical copy, who will quickly scan the qr code and process your return option 2: ship it back to us select the shipment option complete the steps to return your selected items print the return invoice carefully pack your item(s), in the original condition, and include your printed packing slip affix your shipping label to the package, making sure no other tracking labels are shown once your package is ready to be shipped, refer to the shipping carrier on the label: for ups, drop it off at your nearest ups location for usps (u.s. postal service), give it to your local carrier or drop off at the nearest usps location return on your own: return the package on your own complete the steps to return your selected items print the return invoice carefully pack your item(s), in the original condition, and include your printed return invoice select a carrier (usps, ups, fedex, etc.). pay the return postage at the time of shipping. ship to the following address: ann taylor online store 1901 east state road 240 greencastle, in 46135 once your package is received, a refund will be credited based on our return practice guidelines. if using our prepaid return label, $8.95 will be deducted from your return credit amount. you will receive an email once the return is completed. please note: if you return items on your own without using the link above, it will likely result in an extremely delayed refund. for the fastest refund, we recommend completing the return process using the link above. we reserve the right to limit any customer to only one of the options listed above in our sole discretion. troubleshooting: if you are having difficulty locating your return when using the link above, please check these details: has your entire order been delivered? if so, please allow 24 hours after your entire order was delivered before starting the return process. is your email address entered exactly the same as when your order was placed? is the order number entered exactly as it appears in the first paragraph of your order confirmation email? are you visiting the site where you submitted your order? please note that there are separate sites for each of our brands. to complete the return process, you will need to visit the exact site where your order was placed. international returns we will gladly accept your return of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail. returns accompanied by the original receipt must be received within 30-days of the date of purchase and will be credited for the price paid in the original form of payment. we will not accept returns after 30-days from the date of purchase. borderfree will provide you with a refund of the original merchandise price and any duties and taxes originally paid on the item in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. please note that you will still be responsible for any shipping charges. online merchandise shipped internationally via borderfree may not be returned or exchanged at an ann taylor or an ann taylor factory store or a loft or loft outlet location in the united states or canada. to process a return, please email us at clientservices@anntaylor.com or call us at 614-534-2755 to begin the return merchandise authorization, which is required to process a return. i returned my order and used a reward with my purchase. will my reward be returned to my account? if your order was purchased using one or more reward certificates and later you return the full order, you will receive a new reward certificate to replace the value of the rewards you redeemed. if you return only some of the items in your order, the reward certificate will be forfeited, no refund of the reward amount will be provided and the points will not be restored to your account. my order was cancelled and used a reward with my purchase. will my reward be returned to my account? if your order was purchased using one or more reward certificates and the full order was cancelled, you will receive a new reward certificate to replace the value of the rewards you redeemed. if your order was only partially cancelled and you received some items from your purchase, the reward certificate will be forfeited, no refund of the reward amount will be provided and the points will not be restored to your account. ereceipt faqs q:can i get an ereceipt for any transaction? a: ereceipts are available for purchase, return, and exchange transactions except for those tendered by cash, check, or traveler's check. q: can i get a paper receipt and an ereceipt? a: yes, for applicable transactions, you will have the option of receiving a paper receipt or an ereceipt, or both. q: how long does it take to receive an ereceipt? a: ereceipts are sent in near real-time. in most cases, you will receive an ereceipt before you have left the store. q: i asked for an ereceipt but did not receive one. what can i do? a: if there is a system issue, the ereceipt will be sent as soon as it is resolved. we also recommend that you check your email spam folder. if the ereceipt is there, add us to your address book to ensure they always arrive to your inbox. please note: at this time, ereceipts cannot be re-sent. q: can i use my ereceipt for a return or exchange? a: yes. you can bring in a printed copy of your ereceipt, or pull it up on your smartphone or tablet. q: can you look up my ereceipt for me using my email address? a: at this time, we are unable to look up ereciepts. please bring in a printed copy of your ereceipt, or pull it up on your smartphone or tablet. q: can i send a gift receipt as an ereceipt? a: unfortunately, as we can only email one email address gift receipts cannot be sent as an ereceipt. gift receipts will continue to be printed only. q: are ereceipts offered in all ann taylor stores? a: at this time, ereceipts are not available in california, washington dc, massachusetts, new jersey, wisconsin or canada. all stores in the united states will however accept ereceipts for returns and exchanges. q: i lost or deleted my ereceipt but need to make a return. what can i do? a: at this time, we are unable to re-send ereceipts. per our return practice, returns can be made without an original receipt for the item's current selling price in the form of a merchandise credit. merchandise deemed final sale on the date of return may not be returned or exchanged. shopping on ann taylor fabric glossary ann taylor provides a range of fabric offerings for every product and every occasion. to learn more about the fabrics we use, their special features and benefits, as well as how to care for them, select this option from any product detail page sizing/fit information ann taylor is proud to provide consistent sizing to all its clients in misses, petite and tall sizes. click here for more details on our size charts by product category. grab a measuring tape and follow our detailed measuring instructions to ensure that you get the best fit possible. please remember, however, that styles change with each season. therefore, you should look closely at each product description for specific indicators as to how each garment will fit. find in store find in store is a tool in our online store, which allows our clients to locate merchandise from any of our ann taylor retail locations. the find in store link will be displayed on each product detail page that, when clicked, will pre-populate your original product. you will be asked to select a color and size from the drop down menu, as well as the zip code of the area in which you wish to shop. find in store search results will display all store locations within a 150 mile radius of the zip code entered. you will be able to print these search results. due to the rapid change in inventory positions throughout the day, we cannot guarantee availability. if the item is available at anntaylor.com, you may place an order yourself or call 1 800 dial ann (342-5266). if the item you want is in a local store, you may visit that location. shopping bag for your convenience, as a registered signed-in user of anntaylor.com, when you exit the site, any items that remain in your shopping bag will automatically be saved for your next visit. to view the items you have saved when you return, simply sign in to anntaylor.com and click on the shopping bag link in the navigation bar. your bag will be automatically updated as you add in new items. if you begin shopping before you sign in, a new shopping bag will be started for you. when you sign in to begin the checkout process, your current shopping bag will be merged with any items saved during a previous visit. please note that saving items in your shopping bag does not reserve them for purchase at a later date. if any of the items in your saved bag sell out, they will be removed or you will receive a message during checkout stating that the item(s) are no longer available to order. you will need to remove the sold out items from your bag in order to complete the checkout process to take advantage of this convenient feature and many others, click here to register or go directly to the "sign in" page from the navigation bar. optimize your browsing anntaylor.com is best viewed with firefox, chrome and safari browsers. shipping and handling options holiday 2024 shipping information standard shipping: order by 12/18 for delivery by 12/24 3rd day shipping: order by 12/20 at 1 pm et for delivery by 12/24 next-day shipping: order by 12/23 at 1 pm et for delivery by 12/24 anntaylor.com can ship orders to all locations within the united states and puerto rico, as well as internationally. click here for information on international shipping. our shipping and handling options include standard shipping, 3-day business shipping and next day business shipping. to ensure the prompt delivery of your order, we recommend that you place your order by 3 pm est. business day refers to monday through friday, excluding holidays. saturday and sunday deliveries are currently not available. *standard shipping standard orders are processed once credit card authorization and verification have been obtained. orders shipped via standard delivery typically arrive in four (4) to seven (7) business days (monday-friday, not including holidays). standard shipping is not available for alaska, hawaii and puerto rico addresses. gift cards, packaging, taxes and prior purchases do not qualify toward the minimum purchase requirement. thus, the offer cannot be applied to such items. if you choose another shipping option, additional charges will apply. standard shipping for orders under $150 orders of $149.99 or less will be shipped at a flat rate of $8.95 for shipping and handling charges standard shipping for orders over $150 to be eligible for standard free shipping, the order value must be $150 qualifying amount must be met after any promotion or discount is applied gift cards, packaging, taxes and prior purchases do not qualify toward the minimum purchase requirement additional charges apply if: you choose another shipping option (3-day business or next day business shipping) you are shipping to: alaska, hawaii or puerto rico addresses **3-day business shipping flat rate $16.95 for third day shipping and handling charges orders placed after 3 p.m. est monday-friday and on weekends will be processed on the following business day (business day refers to monday-friday, excluding holidays) ***next day business shipping flat rate $24.95 for next business day shipping and handling charges orders placed by 3 p.m. est monday-friday, will be delivered next business day orders placed after 3 p.m. est monday-friday and on weekends, will arrive on the second business day (business day refers to monday-friday, excluding holidays) not available for alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, p.o. boxes, apo/fpo addresses and certain remote locations not guaranteed for p.o. boxes. your order will be sent via usps express service billing information when selecting your credit card payment option, be sure to include the billing address that is associated with the credit card you are using to make your purchase. we want to ensure that your order is processed without delay. currently, we are unable to accept orders with billing addresses outside of the 50 u.s. states and puerto rico. single orders placed on our websites may be split into multiple shipments. we charge for items when they are shipped or picked up, which may result in multiple charges. however, the total amount charged will add up to the total amount displayed when you placed your order. taxes anntaylor.com follows all applicable taxing regulations for the areas where we do business. each of the 50 u.s. states and puerto rico has established state tax regulations. taxes are charged according to the shipping address(es) of your order. promotions and coupons occasionally, ann taylor will offer code-based promotions that can be redeemed online. promotions and discounts, including free shipping, will be communicated on the website, through emails, and direct marketing, such as mailers. to redeem a code-based promotion, perform the following steps: in the shopping bag, enter your promotion code in the space marked "promo code." click the "apply" button on the right side of the page. prices for the items that are valid for the discount will be reduced by the amount of the promotion, and reflected in your order summary. the following restrictions apply: to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotion period. some promotional offers may not be combined with other offers in the same order your order may need to be of a certain dollar amount to qualify; shipping and taxes are not applicable towards the qualifying amount. enter the code in the shopping bag in the space marked "promo code," and then click the "apply" button. prices and shipping charges, if applicable, will be adjusted according to the applied promotion, with the discount reflected in your grand total. only one promotional code may be used per order. offers may be used only once unless otherwise specified. free shipping offers are valid on standard shipping for orders placed at anntaylor.com with a specified minimum purchase. standard shipping is not available in ak, hi or pr. taxes, shipping and handling fees, purchases of gift cards, payment of ann taylor credit cards do not count towards the qualifying amount. the offer may only apply to certain price points (full-price only) or select products. offers may not be valid in ann taylor stores. offers are not valid at loft stores, ann taylor factory stores, loft outlet stores and loft.com. offers are not valid on purchases of gift cards. offer is not for resale and is not redeemable for cash. no adjustments to prior purchases, and cannot be applied to returned merchandise. checkout & order processing tto save you time, we've made our checkout process efficient and easy to complete. just follow the prompts in the simple one-page checkout process. when you attempt to checkout--from the product page, your shopping bag, or from the top navigational bar--you will first be reminded to sign in or register with anntaylor.com. in step 1 of checkout, you will be asked to fill in your shipping information. at this point, you will enter: the address(es) to where your order will be shipped; your preferred shipping method(s.. if you are entering a new address which you have never shipped to before, you will also have the option of saving the name and address in your address book, so you won't have to re-enter this information in the future. please be sure to click on the check box when prompted to add the name and address to your address book. in step 2, you will enter your billing and payment information. if you have a saved payment method, click "change" to add a new payment method. you will then be prompted to change your payment method or add your ann taylor online e-gift certificate, ann taylor gift card and/or ann rewards card. the final step of checkout is to confirm that we have all of the correct information for your order including: the billing and shipping information, your total order amount, shipping costs, taxes, promotional discounts, and/or gift charges and credits. the final total that will be charged to your credit card will appear on the bottom of the page. when you have confirmed that all of the information on this page is correct, click on the "purchase" button next to your order total. you will receive e-mail confirmations both when your order is received as well as when your order is shipped. payment options accepted forms of payment we offer you the convenience of numerous payment options for your online order. these options include the ann taylor card, ann taylor e-gift certificate, ann taylor gift card, apple pay, paypal, klarna or any one of 5 additional major credit cards: american express, mastercard, visa, diners club, and discover. all payments must be made in full at time of shipment. to make a payment to your ann taylor credit card account, click here. please note: we cannot process gift cards issued by american express, discover, mastercard and visa. if you try to place an order using one of these gift cards, it will fail. however, your funds will be authorized. to avoid having to contact client services to remove the authorization, please do not attempt to use a gift card issued by american express, discover, mastercard or visa. apple pay how can i use apple pay? apple pay can be used to buy merchandise as well as gift cards. apple pay payment can be combined with our gift cards, and can also be used on ship to home and in-store pickup orders. can i add my ann taylor mastercard to my apple wallet? yes, you can add your ann taylor mastercard to your apple wallet. please note: if you use your ann taylor mastercard with apple pay you may not qualify for all card perks, such as a lower shipping threshold, points earned and additional promotions. can i add my ann taylor credit card to my apple wallet? no, you cannot add your ann taylor credit card to your apple wallet. can international users use apple pay? no, international users cannot use apple pay. apple pay is only available for users in the united states. klarna how can i use klarna? klarna can be used to buy merchandise and can also be used on ship to home and in-store pickup orders. you cannot use klarna together with a gift card as a payment method, and klarna cannot be used to purchase gift cards. can i add my ann taylor credit card to my klarna wallet? yes, you can add your ann taylor mastercard to your klarna wallet. please note: if you use your ann taylor mastercard with klarna you will not qualify for card perks, such as a lower shipping threshold, points earned and additional promotions. can i add my ann taylor credit card to my klarna wallet? no, you cannot add your ann taylor credit card to your klarna wallet. can international users use klarna? international users cannot checkout with klarna. to be eligible to use klarna, you must: be a resident of the united states or its territories be at least 18 have a valid card/bank account have a positive credit history be able to receive verification codes via text if you would like to know more about klarna, visit the klarna landing page here. gift cards gift cards can be redeemed at anntaylor.com, loft.com, and at any ann taylor, loft ann taylor factory or loft outlet store. the actual gift card must be presented to the store associate when checking out, and the amount of the card will be applied toward your purchase. to use your gift card online, you will need the 19-digit card number, and the 4-digit pin number that is under the scratch-off section on the back of the gift card. this information is entered during the checkout process and the appropriate amount will be applied to your order. gift card and gifting services purchasing gift card/e-gift cards purchasing gift cards gift cards can be purchased at anntaylor.com, loft.com, or at any ann taylor, loft, ann taylor factory or loft outlet store. gift cards are available in denominations of: $25, $50, $75, $100, $150, $200, $250, $500, $1000. we do not currently support the sale of gift cards to international customers or the redemption of gift cards for internationally-shipped orders. there is no charge for the tax or standard shipping of our gift cards. if you are purchasing other items in addition to your gift card(s), the value of the gift card(s) will be subtracted from the item subtotal before calculating tax and base shipping rates. purchasing e-gift cards e-gift cards are purchased through our partner vendor, cashstar, which specializes in secure electronic gift certificates. when clicking on the e-gift card "buy now" button, you will be redirected to the cashstar site to complete your purchase. for complete details on e-gift cards, click here to be redirected to the cashstar faqs. redeeming gift cards/e-gift cards gift cards & e-gift cards may be redeemed at anntaylor.com, loft.com and at any ann taylor, loft, ann taylor factory or loft outlet store. the actual gift card/e-gift card must be presented to the store associate, and the amount of the card will be applied toward your purchase. e-gift cards can be presented on your mobile device or a printed copy. for use online, enter the 19-digit e-gift card number and 4-digit pin in checkout and click 'apply'. the value of your e-gift card will be deducted from your subtotal. gift cards/e-gift cards never expire. if you do not use the entire value of your card, you will be able to use it on your next purchase. *note: if you have a 12-digit electronic gift certificate, you will be prompted to enter a 12-digit redemption code and email address. please note: 12-digit e-gift certificates can only be used online and cannot be used at any of our retail stores. check balance of gift cards/e-gift cards click here to check the balance of your gift card/e-gift card my account subscription updates benefits of registration while you're shopping anntaylor.com, we offer you the option to sign in/register with us. once you've registered, you'll be able to experience several special features: shop anntaylor.com and loft.com with the same e-mail address and password save items placed in your shopping bag for as long as they're still available at anntaylor.com. receive e-mails announcing up-to-the-minute news on new arrivals, site and store features, and exceptional sales at anntaylor.com and loft.com and any of our retail stores. for your convenience you can securely save your addresses, both billing and shipping, as well as your credit card information for your next order. click here to view our privacy & security statements. have quick access to the status of open orders and history of previous orders. new client registration if you would like to register with us, click on "sign up" at the top of any page. as part of the registration process, you will be asked for the following information: your e-mail address so that we are able to recognize you each time you sign-in to either anntaylor.com or loft.com. your password must be 8-30 characters long and must use a combination of letters and numbers. please note that the number required in your password may not be the first or last character. passwords are case sensitive. please do not use any spaces. you will receive e-mail updates from anntaylor.com or loft.com. the e-mails will provide you with up-to-the-minute news on new arrivals, site and store features, and exceptional sales. please be assured that any personal information you submit to anntaylor.com is safe and secure. to view ann taylor's complete privacy & security statement, please click here. changing your e-mail address if you wish to change your email address/username, please login to the "my account" section of the website and click on "preferences". you may also call 1 800 dial ann (342-5266), and a client associate will assist you. forgotten password if you forget your password, visit the "sign in" page of the website and then click the "forgot password?" link. if your e-mail address is currently in our records, we will send you an email with a link to reset your password. for your added protection and security, we will also remove any credit card information you may have previously saved on our website. email and mailing preferences if you wish to be removed from our e-mails and/or mailings, you may submit your request to unsubscribe through "my account/preferences" at anntaylor.com. to access this feature, click here. if you have received an e-mail from ann taylor, you may also respond with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line or indicate your preference to receive only one email per week. in addition, you may also contact us via e-mail at clientservices@anntaylor.com or via phone at 1 800 dial ann. international what is borderfree? borderfree is an e-commerce platform that allows us to provide to our international clients the ability to shop at anntaylor.com in the currency of their choice, with competitive shipping costs and delivery times. how do i place an order? shop anntaylor.com as you would normally by adding items to your bag and then clicking on the checkout button. our website will instantly recognize that you are an international client. you may also click on the flag in the top navigation bar to select your shipping destination and preferred currency. all prices will automatically be converted into your chosen currency. when you proceed to checkout, your secure transaction will be completed with borderfree. borderfree will calculate and display a guaranteed order total in your preferred currency. this total will include all shipping costs from our warehouse(s) in the u.s. to your selected international destination, as well as any applicable duties and taxes imposed by customs and revenue authorities in the destination country. your credit card will be billed by borderfree and your credit card statement will read "bf*anntaylor.com", as "bf" denotes the borderfree network. what are my payment options? we accept the following payment methods: mastercard, including the ann taylor or loft mastercard visa american express jcb paypal (only for international shipping use) china union pay (only for international shipping use) alipay (only for international shipping use) at this time, ann taylor or loft store cards cannot be used on international orders. orders are subject to verification and acceptance before shipping. your credit card will be billed by borderfree at the time your order leaves the u.s. what currencies does borderfree support? currently, borderfree supports billing in more than 40 different currencies, with more being added on an ongoing basis. click here to view and select from a list of supported currencies. once you confirm your preferences, you will be able to see products priced in your selected currency. how are international orders shipped and how is shipping calculated? you will be quoted specific delivery days at the time of checkout that are based on your selected destination country, and the shipping methods available for the items in your shopping cart. how much does international shipping cost? international shipping is calculated based on a number of factors, including the desired shipping speed, the number of items you are purchasing, the weight of the items, and the destination country. international shipping will be calculated and guaranteed during the borderfree global checkout based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination. when am i billed? your credit card will be billed by borderfree at the time your order leaves the u.s. how much duty and taxes are charged on international orders? duty (or customs tariffs) is set by the destination country's customs authorities and is determined based on a combination of the country of origin (manufacturing) of the goods being purchased and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the countries that borderfree supports. value added tax (vat) rates are set by the destination country. you will be able to view the guaranteed total amount of applicable duty and tax/vat for your order during the borderfree global checkout process. do you ship to u.s. military addresses (apo/fpo)? orders shipping to u.s. military addresses should go through our domestic checkout, as they are not subject to the same costs and logistics flows as our other international orders. to do this, you should shop as if shipping to an address within the u.s. promotions and policies? international orders are not eligible for: mastercard, including the ann taylor or loft mastercard free shipping gift card purchases payment with gift cards gift boxes price adjustments other promotional restrictions may apply. please contact us with any questions. exceptions the maximum order value for international shipment is usd $2,500. some items, including hazardous materials, furs and exotic leathers, and jewelry may not be available for international shipment. some beauty items may be considered hazardous materials due to their alcohol content and cannot be shipped internationally. international customers will be notified to remove restricted items during the checkout process. can i purchase or redeem international gift cards? unfortunately, we do not currently support the sale of us or canadian gift cards to international customers or the redemption of us or canadian gift cards for internationally-shipped orders. are there any items that cannot ship to my country because they are restricted? if, for some reason, there are any items that cannot be exported from the u.s. or imported into your destination country selection, borderfree will notify you during the checkout process. what is the international return policy? we will gladly accept your return of unworn, unwashed and defective merchandise by mail. returns accompanied by the original receipt must be received within 30-days of the date of purchase and will be credited for the price paid in the original form of payment. we will not accept returns after 30-days from the date of purchase. borderfree will provide you with a refund of the original merchandise price and any duties and taxes originally paid on the item in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. please note that you will still be responsible for any shipping charges. online merchandise shipped internationally via borderfree may not be returned at an ann taylor or an ann taylor factory store or a loft or loft outlet location in the united states or canada. online merchandise shipped internationally may not be exchanged. to process a return, please email us at clientservices@anntaylor.com or call us at 1-614-534-2755 to begin the return merchandise authorization, which is required to process a return. international orders are not eligible to receive price adjustments. how can i track my international order? you can track the progress of your international package(s) here. are there size conversion charts for international orders? please click here. can international customers write product reviews? we invite our international customers to browse our product reviews, but they are unable to write them at this time. in-store pickup what is in-store pickup? to treat you to another fun way to shop, we've made some items on our website available for pick up in store. as soon as the store selected prepares your pick up, we'll send you an "in-store pickup is ready" email. all you have to do is come to the store selected and show them the email, along with a valid driver's license or government-issued id. after receiving the email, you'll have four days to pick up your items. after four days, that part of your order will be canceled and you will not be charged. if you've ordered more items, they may be available at different times and you'll receive an email once each item is ready to be picked up. please note: not all items are available for in-store pickup and this service is not available in all stores. how do i know if an item can be picked up in-store? on the product page, a "pick up in store" button will appear beneath the "add to bag" button. simply click the button and instructions will follow. can i pick up certain items in store and have others shipped? yes. for items you would like to pick up, click the "pick up in store" button and follow the instructions. for items you would like shipped, click the "add to bag" button. when you are ready to checkout, your shopping bag will be split to show items for in-store pickup and items that will be shipped. why is in-store pickup not available for my store? in-store pickup is continually being added to stores. if your store isn't currently offering in-store pickup, check back for updates. when will my credit card be charged? after you place your order, your credit card will be authorized for the total order amount. when your in-store pickup is completed, that part of the order will be finalized and your credit card will be charged. how soon can i pick up my order? as soon as the store selected prepares your pick up, we'll send you an "in-store pickup is ready" email. once this email is received, please visit the store within the next four days to pick up your item(s) - you will have to show the email to the store selected, along with a valid driver's license or government-issued id. find store hours here. how long will you hold my order? after receiving your "in-store pickup is ready" email, you'll have four days to pick up your items. after four days, that part of your order will be canceled and you will not be charged. if you've ordered more items, they may be available at different times and you'll receive an email once each item is ready to be picked up. what do i need to bring to pick up my order? please bring your "in-store pickup is ready" email (you can also show it on your phone), along with a valid driver's license or government-issue id. can someone else pick up an order on my behalf? yes! you will see a place to add their information during the checkout process. they will also receive your "in-store pickup is ready" email. all they need to do is show the email to the store selected, along with a valid driver's license or government-issued id. where in the store can i pick up my order? when you arrive at the store, just ask an associate for assistance with your in-store pick up. what happens if i order an in-store pickup when the store is closed? on the next business day, the store selected will begin to prepare your in-store pickup. as soon as it's ready for pickup, we'll send you an "in-store pickup is ready" email. please wait until you receive the email before picking up your order - you will have to show the email to the store selected, along with a valid driver's license or government-issued id. find store hours here. do i get a receipt? yes! once you complete your in-store pickup, you will be emailed a receipt. what happens if items in my in-store pickup aren't what i expect? when completing your in-store pickup, simply let the associate know which items you would like to exchange or return. can i change my pick up store after i've placed my order? unfortunately, the pick up store cannot be changed after you've placed your order how is my tax calculated? for delivery orders, your tax is calculated based on the tax code where your order is delivered. for in-store pickup orders, your tax is calculated based on the tax code of the selected store. if you have an order with items for in-store pickup and shipment, you could be charged different tax rates. how can i provide feedback about my in-store pickup experience? if you have any feedback about your in-store pickup experience, we'd love to hear from you. email us at: clientservices@anntaylor.com more questions? click here for customer service. loyalty and credit what is stylerewards it is our newly improved version of the all rewards program, and members of all rewards are automatically in the stylerewards program. members of the stylerewards loyalty program earn points on their qualifying purchases and, from time to time, on other non-purchase activities. points are then converted to rewards that can be used for future purchases. if you had existing all rewards points, they will appear in your stylerewards account. existing reward certificates from the all rewards program will remain valid in accordance with their terms. why did you change the all rewards program? what is the difference between all rewards and ann taylor stylerewards? stylerewards is an update to the all rewards loyalty program, giving members more ways to earn and more perks to enjoy. how do you join stylerewards? joining is easy! just visit anntaylor.com/stylerewards and click join us, then provide your information, phone number and email address, which is how we will deliver your rewards. if you already have an account with us, with a valid email address, just log in and click enroll. or you can speak to an associate at any of our stores, and they can help you get enrolled. is the stylerewards program open to all clients? the stylerewards program is open to residents of any one (1) of the fifty (50) united states, the district of columbia and puerto rico who are the age of majority and have a valid email address. the program is also open to canadian residents age 18 or over who make qualifying purchases. i live in canada. can i join the program? we are looking into extending stylerewards into canada. for now, you can join the program to earn points and redeem rewards on eligible transactions made within or shipped to the united states. i am already an all rewards member. will i be automatically enrolled in stylerewards? no, you are already a member of stylerewards. i am already an all rewards cardmember, but i don’t think i am a member of the loyalty program, what do i do? even if you never joined the original all rewards program, it’s easy to join stylerewards. just visit anntaylor.com/stylerewards and click join us, then provide your information, phone number and email address, which is how we’ll deliver your rewards. make sure to use the email address associated with your all rewards credit card. if i enroll as a stylerewards member with ann taylor, do i also need to enroll to become member of stylerewards ann taylor? if you enroll as a stylerewards member with any of our brands — ann taylor, ann taylor factory, loft or loft outlet — you are automatically a member of stylerewards for all our brands. how do i earn points? what will i earn points on? you will earn points on almost everything at all of our brands. members get 2 points per $1 spent on qualifying purchases, while cardmembers earn 5 points per $1 spent on qualifying purchases made with their ann taylor credit card or ann taylor mastercard® credit card. see below for the definition of “qualifying spend,” which we also refer to as “qualifying purchases.” to have your points recorded, be sure to identify yourself as a stylerewards member during in-store checkout by providing either the email address or phone number associated with your account. when shopping online, be sure to sign in with the email address associated with your stylerewards account. you must reach 1,000 points to earn a rewards certificate. how do i reach vip status? once you have made $500 or more in qualifying purchases in a calendar year, you will receive vip benefits for the remainder of that year as well as the following calendar year. you must spend $500 in the following year to stay at vip for the year after that. you will receive notice of achieving vip status within 45 days of reaching the qualifying spend threshold. what defines qualifying spend? what are the exceptions for earning points? “qualifying spend” is your total eligible purchases, which do not include the following: purchases of charity items, brand cares cards, gift cards and e-gift cards, gift boxes, gift wrapping, gifts-with-purchase, giveaways, coupons, the dollar amount listed on the reward certificates used in any purchase, previous purchases, credit card payments, layaway items, processing charges, delivery surcharges, shipping and handling, taxes, or state and any other applicable governmental fees. also, purchases must be made within or shipped to the united states to be eligible for points. i don’t see my points! what happened? points for qualifying purchases will appear on your account within 48 hours of an in-store purchase or ship date for an online purchase. if you had existing all rewards points, they will appear in your stylerewards account. i’ve received some of my online purchases but have not received my points. what happened? points for qualifying online purchases will appear in your account approximately 48 hours after your card has been charged, which happens when the last item from your order is shipped. i am a cardmember, but i did not get my 5 points per $1 spent on qualifying purchases. why is that? cardmembers enrolled in the stylerewards program earn 5 points per $1 spent on eligible purchases when they use their ann taylor credit card. qualifying purchases made with other forms of payment earn 2 points per $1 spent. i used my ann taylor mastercard® credit card for purchases outside of ann taylor or loft but have not received my points yet. why is that? purchases made with your ann taylor mastercard® credit card at merchants other than ann taylor or loft will appear two business days from the date of that purchase. is there a limit to the total number of points i can earn? reward points on qualifying purchases are totally unlimited but do expire one year after they are earned. rewards must be used within 90 days of being issued. can i earn points on past purchases? you’ll start earning points with your very first qualifying purchase after enrolling in stylerewards, but points cannot be earned retroactively on previous purchases. how will i receive my rewards certificates? rewards are sent by email and are accessible through your online stylerewards account within approximately 48 hours once 1,000 points are reached in qualifying purchases. if you don’t have an online stylerewards account and want to create one, visit anntaylor.com/stylerewards and click join us. you will then be asked for your information and email address. be sure to use the same information you use with us when you shop in-store. points and rewards will be listed here for you to access, as well. where can i redeem my rewards certificates? you can redeem your rewards at all the places you already love to shop: ann taylor, ann taylor factory, loft and loft outlet. and rewards are just as easy to redeem whether you’re shopping online or in-store. i shop at both ann taylor and loft. can i combine my points for a reward? yes, the points you earn at ann taylor and loft will be combined within your stylerewards account. we’ll even reward you with bonus points each quarter when you make a qualifying purchase in that quarter at both brands — up to four bonuses in a calendar year. quarters are defined as these groupings of three months each: january-february-march; april-may-june; july-august-september; october-november-december. i shopped at ann taylor and loft. where are my bonus points? bonus points will be issued to your account within 90 days of your qualifying purchase at the second brand. however, a member may receive the bonus points only four times per year. can i combine points/rewards with other special offers and coupons? yes, you can use coupons or special offers, and still earn and redeem points during one transaction. you may use up to four rewards certificates per in-store or online transaction. do points or rewards ever expire? points will expire one year after they’re earned. rewards must be used within 90 days of being issued. what happens if i return a purchase for which i earned points? the points in your stylerewards account will be reduced by the number of points equivalent to the amount of your refund. check our full terms and conditions for details on how exchanges work. how do i qualify for and redeem my birthday gift? members receive one birthday benefit every year once they complete their profile in their stylerewards account or provide it to the associate at pos upon enrollment. members must provide their birthday at least three days before their birthdate. birthday rewards are sent on the first day of your birthday month, and you have the whole month of your birthday to use it. note that if a member enrolls during her birthday month, she will receive her birthday reward on the first day of the following month. to redeem a birthday reward, use the barcode in your email to redeem in-store (or an associate can look it up). or log in to your online stylerewards account and enter the code in the promotional code box at online checkout. how do i receive my free shipping certificate(s)? your free shipping certificate will be added to your account within approximately 48 hours of enrolling in stylerewards and then in january of every year after that when you remain a member. at checkout, select the free shipping certificate option at the time of purchase, then copy and paste in your free shipping code. shipping certificates are subject to their terms and cannot be shared with or given to someone else. as a cardmember, how do i redeem my extra 15% discount on the first tuesday of every month? just use your ann taylor credit card to make a purchase at ann taylor, ann taylor factory, loft or loft outlet on the first tuesday of any calendar month, and the discount will be applied automatically in-store and online. you can also combine this discount with in-store promotions, but not with other offers or coupons. the discount cannot be used for prior purchases or for taxes, shipping and handling fees, purchases of gift cards, charges for gift boxes or payment of a mastercard® credit card account. as a cardmember, how do i utilize the $75 free shipping threshold? just use your ann taylor credit card when shopping online, and the free shipping will be applied automatically at checkout if your eligible purchase hits $75 or more. what happened to double points days? this benefit is not part of the stylerewards program, but has been replaced with many other great perks. if you earned that benefit while you were an all rewards member, we will still honor it. how can i check my points balance? if you’re in one of our stores, an associate can check your balance at the register. you can also log in to your online account to see your balance. points may take approximately 48 hours to post after an eligible purchase. if you would like to join the stylerewards sms program so that you can check your points balance and get your rewards on your mobile phone, please visit https://mp.vibescm.com/p/pzppn7?unique_identifier=de9fdf27-158a-4815-a293-7a90e89c10ea to join. what happens to the point balance i had through all rewards? any point balances will be reflected at the cash register, in my account online and with our client services teams. what happens to the existing rewards certificates that i had through the all rewards program? any earned rewards are still valid through their expiration date and have been sent to you by email. who can use the credit offer code included in the reissue kit? only those customers who received a new credit card as part of the october reissue may use the credit offer code. for in-store transactions, the customer must present the insert at checkout to receive the offer. who do i contact with questions about the program? if you have questions about your stylerewards account or about the stylerewards program, please contact our client services team. see details below for contact information. phone email ann taylor 1.800.dial.ann 1.800.342.5266 clientservices@anntaylor.com ann taylor factory 1.833.845.4438 clientservices@anntaylorfactory.com i’m a cardmember, but didn’t receive a new ann taylor credit card. how i request one? you can submit a request online through account center or call us to request a new replacement card. phone online ann taylor credit card 1.866.730.7902 tdd/tty: 1.800.695.1788 d.comenity.net/anntaylor ann taylor mastercard® 1.888.292.5707 tdd/tty: 1.800.695.1788 d.comenity.net/anntaylorcard i’m a ann taylor cardmember (or still have my all rewards credit card), can i make a payment in-store? yes, ann taylor cardmembers (as well as those cardmembers still using their all rewards credit card) can pay their credit card balance in any ann taylor, ann taylor factory, loft or loft outlet store. i’m a ann taylor mastercard® cardmember, can i make a payment in-store? yes, ann taylor mastercard® cardmembers can make payments in ann taylor and ann taylor factory stores. payments may be made by calling comenity bank customer care at 1-888-292-5707 or online by logging into your account at: d.comenity.net/anntaylorcard. terms of use welcome to the ann taylor website. please read the below terms carefully, because your use of the site or other ann taylor digital experience (the “site”) constitutes your agreement to these terms of use. these terms of use include an arbitration agreement, which is set forth below. if you do not agree to these terms of use, you should not access or use the site. ann taylor, in its sole discretion and without notice to you, reserves the right to make changes to the site and to these terms of use from time to time. when we make changes, we will post them here. you may wish to check this section from time to time, because by visiting the site, you agree to accept any such changes.this site is operated and controlled by premium brands opco llc (“ann taylor”). ann taylor grants you permission to view this site and to download and print individual pages from this site and, if applicable, to order products from this site for your own personal, noncommercial use, provided that you agree to and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth in this agreement. you may not modify, copy (except as set forth in the preceding sentence), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, material, software, products or services from this site. no right title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading, copying or printing.your use of this site constitutes your agreement and acceptance without modification of the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein. if you do not agree and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein, do not use this site. your failure to follow these rules, whether listed herein or in bulletins posted at various points in the site, may result in suspension or termination of your access to the site, without notice, in addition to ann taylor’s other remedies. merchandise availability ann taylor prides itself in providing exclusive, quality merchandise. availability of merchandise may vary at ann taylor stores and on anntaylor.com. some featured items may be available only in limited quantities or only while supplies last. once an item is out of stock, we will attempt to remove the item promptly from display on anntaylor.com. display of an item on anntaylor.com is not a guarantee that the item is currently in stock or that it will be available on our website when you visit again. if you are unable to locate a particular item that caught your attention on a previous visit to our website or if you have any questions concerning the availability of a particular item, please contact our client services group at clientservices@anntaylor.com. we will make every effort to fulfill your requests whenever possible. merchandise display ann taylor makes every reasonable effort to display its merchandise on anntaylor.com as accurately as possible. unfortunately, various factors, including the display and color capabilities of your computer monitor or device screen, may significantly affect what you actually see. ann taylor is not responsible for the display of any color, texture or detail of its merchandise on your computer or device and cannot guarantee the accuracy thereof. however, if you are dissatisfied with any item you purchase from anntaylor.com, you may return or exchange it in accordance with our return policy. for more information regarding ann taylor’'s return and exchange policy and procedures, please visit the customer service page on our website, and then click on the "return policy" tab. site transactions/order acceptance we do not authorize the purchase of our merchandise for resale purposes. we reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. to enforce this policy, we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. these restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. in the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. we may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. we will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. if your order is canceled after your credit card (or other payment account) has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card (or other applicable payment account) in the amount of the charge. copyright and trademarks the entire content (images and text) of the site is copyrighted and may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, posted, modified, transmitted, displayed, distributed, downloaded or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express written permission of ann taylor. all ann taylor trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, product names, and intellectual property, whether or not delineated in large print or with trademark symbols or in any other fashion, are trademarks and/or intellectual property of ann taylor ipco llc or its affiliates. the use (except as permitted herein) or misuse of the trademarks or any other intellectual property of ann taylor ipco llc is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright, trademark, slander or libel laws, privacy law and publicity and communications regulations and statutes. ann taylor ipco llc actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. your account when and if you use the site, it shall be your sole responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your e-mail address, password and any other account identifiers related to any personal account you created on the site (the "account"), and for restricting access to your computer(s). you also agree to accept sole responsibility for any and all activity that occurs under your account. user submissions any comments, suggestions, ideas, materials and other submissions ("user submissions") that you send to anntaylor are provided on a non-confidential basis. by submitting user submissions, you are granting anntaylor an irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, and fully sublicenseable license to reproduce, publish, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works from, and otherwise use in whole or in part your user submissions for any purpose in any media, whether now known or hereafter invented, for any purpose (including for commercial or promotional purposes). you grant ann taylor the right to use your name and likeness in connection with any such use of user submissions made by you, but we will not be obligated to identify you in connection with any such use. you also agree that we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any user submissions for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products which incorporate or otherwise rely upon that information, without notifying or providing any further compensation to you. you agree that no user submission made by you to the site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights. you further agree that no user submissions made by you to the site will be or contain material that is false, misleading, libelous, unlawful, abusive, indecent, or obscene. you agree that you will remain responsible for the content of any user submissions you make. we may review, remove, reject, or revise user submissions at any time, without prior notice, and in our sole discretion. we may remove, reject, or revise content that we believe violates these terms of use, is otherwise objectionable, or for any other reason without prior notice. notices of claimed copyright infringement we respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use the site do the same. we also maintain a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of the use privileges of users who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights. accordingly, you may not store any material or content on, or disseminate any material or content over, the site in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including rights granted by u.s. copyright law. owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under u.s. copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (the "dmca") to report alleged infringements. if you believe in good faith that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information (or any statement in conformance with the dmca) to our copyright agent whose contact information is provided below: your name, address, telephone number, and email address; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed; and a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. copyright agent: attention: legal department 7 times square, 15th floor new york, new york 10036 phone: (212) 541-3300 fax: (212) 536-4412 email: copyright@anninc.com links to other websites when you access a non-ann taylor website, please realize that it is independent of ann taylor. linking to any off-site pages is at your own risk. ann taylor makes no warranties or representations about any non-ann taylor website and has no responsibility for such websites or their content. in addition, certain third party sites may also provide links to ann taylor websites. none of such links should be deemed to imply that ann taylor endorses such third party sites or any content therein. by accessing the site, each user also agrees not to use the site to post or transmit any offensive, harmful, unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, hateful, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate the security of the ann taylor websites or would otherwise violate the law. ann taylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where ann taylor websites are used to disseminate such materials. your right to use the site you are authorized to use the site only for personal, non-commercial purposes. you may download or copy the content displayed on the site for your personal use only. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. by accessing the site, you agree not to use the site in any way that is prohibited by these terms of use, including by using the site in a way that is illegal or could give rise to civil liability or that could violate the security of anntaylor's websites or otherwise cause injury to anntaylor or any other party. anntaylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where ann taylor websites are used to disseminate such materials. for example, and without limitation, you may not. engage in unauthorized spidering, "scraping," or harvesting of content, or use any other unauthorized automated means to compile content or information; take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our network or infrastructure; use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any activity conducted on the site or attempt to probe, scan, test the vulnerability of, or breach the security of any system or network; attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse-engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the site; or engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any person from using or enjoying the site, or that, in our sole judgment, exposes us or any of our users, affiliates, anntaylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate to enforce its rights under these terms of use. violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. ann taylor may investigate and work with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the terms of use. pricing prices displayed on ann taylor.com are quoted in u.s. currency and are valid and effective only in the united states. prices are subject to change at any time. information accuracy anntaylor will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and current information on the site, but there may be occasions when information on the site contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, availability and other matters. ann taylor reserves the right to correct any errors and to update site information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. if you are dissatisfied with your online purchase from the site, you may return or exchange it in accordance with our return policy. for more information regarding anntaylor’s return and exchange policy and procedures, please visit the customer service page on our website, and then click on the "return policy" tab. privacy policy our use of personal information is governed by our privacy policy and your provision of personal information to us constitutes your acknowledgment of and acceptance of our privacy policy. international use we control and operate the site from the united states, and all information is processed within the united states. we do not represent that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in connection with your use of the site. it is possible that some software that may be downloaded from the site is subject to government export control or other restrictions. by visiting and using our site, you acknowledge these restrictions and agree that either you are not subject to them or you will comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the united states. indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold anntaylor, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees if any materials you post on or through the site result in a third party claim that any information or material you provide infringes a third party proprietary right. arbitration agreement/class-action waiver/dispute resolution choice of law any legal dispute between you and anntaylor concerning or arising out of these terms of use and/or your use of the site, any products or services sold or distributed through the site, your participation in any program or service provided by ann taylor, or any other dispute of any nature,, shall be resolved through binding individual arbitration (hereafter, “arbitration agreement”). however, either you or ann taylor may bring any individual claim in small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is brought and maintained as an individual claim. how arbitration works. disputes will be resolved solely by binding arbitration before a sole arbitrator under the streamlined arbitration rules procedures of jams inc. ("jams") or any successor to jams. in the event jams is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within fourteen (14) days of the filing of a "demand for arbitration", then either party can elect to have the arbitration administered by another mutually agreeable arbitration administration service who will hear the case. unless you and anntaylor agree otherwise, any arbitration hearing shall take place in the county of your residence. if you live outside the united states, any arbitration will take place in new york, new york. we encourage you to call in advance of filing a claim for arbitration to see if the dispute can be settled prior to arbitration. waiver of right to bring class action and representative claims. all arbitrations shall proceed on an individual basis. the arbitrator is empowered to resolve the dispute with the same remedies available in court, however, any relief must be individualized to you and shall not affect any other customer. you and ann taylor also agree that each may bring claims against the other in arbitration only in your or their respective individual capacities and in so doing you and anntaylor hereby waive the right to a trial by jury, to assert or participate in a class action lawsuit or class action arbitration, to assert or participate in a private attorney general lawsuit or private attorney general arbitration, and to assert or participate in any joint or consolidated lawsuit or joint or consolidated arbitration of any kind. if a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph’s limitations as to a particular cause of action, then that cause of action (and only that cause of action) must remain in court and be severed from any arbitration. arbitration costs. anntaylor will pay all filing, administrative, arbitrator and hearing costs and waives any rights it may have to recover an award of anntaylor's fees and expenses against you. you and anntaylor agree that, in the event that there are fifty (50) or more individual requests for arbitration of a similar nature filed against lane bryant within an approximately thirty-day period (or otherwise in close proximity), jams will administer all such similarly situated arbitration demands on a collective basis as a single, consolidated arbitration (subject to a single set of fees, proceeding schedule, and, if required, hearing) before a single arbitrator in accordance with the requirements outlined elsewhere in this section, provided that – in the event that the arbitrator deems it impracticable or inequitable to administer all such claims collectively in a single arbitration – (s)he may group demands for arbitration into groups of not fewer than twenty (20) matters, plus a remainder group as needed (or as otherwise deemed by the arbitrator to be practicable, equitable, and in best keeping with the spirit of this provision) and arbitrate each group of matters as a single, consolidated arbitration (either structure a “batch arbitration”). you and lane bryant agree (1) to work with jams in good faith to facilitate the resolution of disputes on a batch arbitration basis and (2) that requests for arbitration are of a “similar nature” if they arise out of the same event, agreement, or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. disagreements over the applicability of this batch arbitration process will be settled in a single, consolidated arbitration proceeding that includes all affected parties and is resolved by a single arbitrator subject to the requirements of this section. this batch arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class or collective arbitration or action of any kind, or any suit or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims, under any circumstances other than those expressly set forth in this section. other terms & information. this arbitration agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted, construed, and enforced in accordance with, the federal arbitration act and other applicable federal law. to the extent state law applies to any aspect of these terms, or to any disputes and claims that are covered by the arbitration agreement, the law of the state of new york will govern. except as set forth above, if any portion of this arbitration agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it will not invalidate the remaining portions of the arbitration agreement. miscellaneous this agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of new york, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions. the waiver of any provision of the agreement shall not be considered a waiver of any other provision or of ann taylor's right to require strict observance of each of the terms herein. if any provision of the agreement is deemed to be illegal or unenforceable the remainder of the agreement shall be unaffected and shall continue to be fully valid, binding, and enforceable. this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us relating to your use of the site. termination ann taylor may terminate this agreement and deny you access to the site at any time, immediately and without notice, if in ann taylor's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or condition of this agreement. last updated december 7, 2021 terms and conditions for text alerts & order alerts terms and conditions for ann taylor order alerts text message program your use of this ann taylor mobile now text message service (the "service") constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions. our website terms and conditions and privacy policy also apply to your use of the service. we may amend these terms, and modify or cancel the service or any of its features without notice. we do not charge for the service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your mobile operator. message and data rates may apply. if you have opted-in, ann taylor provides alerts, information, promotions, specials, and other marketing offers via text messages through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided. you will receive recurring messages each month. you may need to confirm your consent, such as by following the instructions contained in an initial text message we send. messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system and using sms technology. you understand that consent to receive such text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. you agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. if you change your mobile phone number, you agree to opt out of the services prior to changing your mobile number. by signing up for sms, you agree to receive recurring special offers and marketing text messages. messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. consent to receive text messages is not required as a condition of any purchase. text stop to 53087 to cancel at any time. you’ll receive a one-time opt-out text message. for more information, send help to 53087 or text 800-342-5266 (tty support available). the wireless carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. the mobile operators participating in this campaign include, but are not limited to at&t, sprint, virgin mobile, t-mobile (t-mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages), metropcs (gsm), u.s. cellular, and verizon wireless. if your mobile operator is not participating, you will not receive a reply to your messages. some operators may not support some services at the process offered. pre-paid users may not be able to participate. please check with your mobile operator. you must be the mobile account holder and at least 18 years of age or have a parent or guardian's permission in order to participate. your use of the service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions and the terms and conditions of our website. you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from any third party claims, liability, damages or costs arising from your use of the service or from you providing us with a phone number that is not your own. you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of, any information sent through the service; any errors in such information; any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service. for additional support contact customer service: 800-342-5266 (tty support available) created may 18, 2017 anntaylor mobile insider, terms and conditions terms and conditions your use of the ann taylor mobile insider text message service ("service") constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions. our website terms and conditions and privacy policy also apply to your use of the service. we may amend these terms, and modify or cancel the service or any of its features without notice. ann taylor does not charge for the services, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your mobile operator. message and data rates may apply. text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system and using sms technology. your consent to receive text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. if you have opted-in, ann taylor provides alerts, information, promotions, specials, and other marketing offers via text messages through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided. you may receive multiple marketing messages per month. you may need to confirm your consent, such as by following the instructions contained in an initial text message we send. text stop to 57617 to cancel at any time. you'll receive a one-time opt-out text message. after that you will not receive any future text messages. for more information, send help to 57617 or contact us at 800-342-5266 (tty support available). the wireless carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. you agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. if you change your mobile phone number, you agree to opt out of the services prior to changing your mobile number. you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from any third party claims, liability, damages or costs arising from your use of the service or from you providing us with a phone number that is not your own. you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the service; any errors in such information; and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service. updated september 21, 2023copyright 2023 ann taylorall rights reserved. ann taylor is a trademark of loft ipco llc or its affiliates contact us fastest response live chat mon - fri: 8am to 10pm est sat - sun: 10am to 9pm est chat with us text us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 data rates apply. call us u.s. toll free 1-800-342-5266 international clients 1-614-534-2755 available to support tty ann taylor credit card manage ann taylor credit card enjoy 20% off† your first qualifying purchase when you open and use your ann taylor credit card online only at anntaylor.com. valid for 24 hours. valid 1/15 - 2/11. enable accessibility stylerewards manage my ann taylor credit card get texts from us gift cards store locator careers customer service customer service track your order returns & exchanges shipping & handling size guide international orders contact us about our ads enable accessibility gift cards purchase a gift card check your balance stylerewards join us terms & conditions our company careers loft giving back get texts from us cookie manager store locator find a store ann taylor credit card manage ann taylor credit card enjoy 20% off† your first qualifying purchase when you open and immediately use your ann taylor credit card online only at anntaylor.com. valid for 24 hours. valid 1/15 - 2/11. follow us please logout of your account to ship internationally. log out international shipping faqs privacy policy | terms of use | california transparency | accessibility statement | site map | investors | t&c order alerts | your privacy choices ©2025 premium brands opco llc all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms of use | california transparency | accessibility statement | site map | investors | t&c order alerts | your privacy choices ©2025 premium brands opco llc all rights reserved. ann style cash scan this barcode at the store to redeem your style cash.