来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230171755/http://www.clarksusa.com/eng/customerService/faqs.cfm
================================================================================

faqs clarks bostonian my shopping bag 0 customer service | store locator login / register | advanced search entire site womens mens accessories clearance sale womens new arrivals best sellers boots under $125 boots ankle boots knee boots mid-calf boots waterproof shoes dress casual flats pumps & mary janes active waterproof shooties clogs slippers sandals active casual slides wedges flip-flops gladiator waterproof mens new arrivals hard to find sizes & widths best sellers shoes under $100 boots waterproof casual shoes waterproof casual active dress loafers & slip-ons oxfords & lace-ups boat shoes driver mocs gore-tex slippers clogs sandals flip-flops fisherman slides casual waterproof accessories womens handbags wallets mens wallets briefcases originals womens boots shoes sandals mens boots shoes sandals indigo boots shoes sandals privo boots shoes sandals sale womens mens accessories clearance womens mens kids x x register login my wish list shopping bag customer service contact clarks manage account order & payment shipping & delivery order status & tracking returns policy gift cards privacy policy ratings & reviews get connected size conversion guide shoe care 2 stores 1 checkout faqs faqs frequently asked questions if you need immediate assistance with an order placed prior to january 12, 2011, it was fulfilled by zappos. please contact their customer service line at 1-888-927-7671 or cs@zappos.com • where can i buy clarks brand shoes? • how can i purchase clarks styles that are distributed outside the united states? • can i buy clarks kids' shoes in the united states? • can i buy clarks kids' shoes online? • do you offer a mail order catalog? • does clarks repair or resole shoes? • can i order replacement laces through clarks? • what is the difference between men and women's sizes? • how do i return a defective product? • what is your return policy? • how do i reprint a return packing slip or shipping label? • i bought a pair of shoes at full price, but they are now on sale — may i receive the difference in cost? • how can i redeem a clarks gift card? • how can i reload a clarks gift card • how can i retrieve my password? • how do i change my account information? • how do i change my email address? • when i registered, i entered my email address incorrectly — how do i log back in to check my email address? • what payment methods can i use? • can i use an international credit card for payment? • what should i do if my credit card is not authorized when placing an order? • what is my 3 or 4 digit security code? • will i receive a confirmation after placing an order? • do i get charged shipping for each item i have ordered? • i need my new shoes tomorrow for a special occasion — can you fast track my order? • do you deliver on saturday? • how can i track my order? • can i cancel or change my order? • my products have arrived damaged, what do i do? • when will i receive my refund? • how do i return a gift online? • where do i return my product if i purchased it from a retail partner? • can i read or write a product review? • how do i submit a product review? • how long before my review is posted? • are there any rules i need to follow when visiting your website? • what nonprofit companies does clarks work with? where can i buy clarks brand shoes? all of our brands — clarks, clarks originals, privo by clarks, indigo by clarks and bostonian — are available throughout the united states and puerto rico at one of our 250+ clarks, bostonian or clarks bostonian outlet stores. you can also find our products in our valued retail partners' stores, which include independent specialty footwear stores, major retail chains and better department stores. use our store locator to find a store near you. if you are looking for a specific style, we recommend calling to see if it is in stock in the color, size and width you would like prior to your visit. of course, you can always shop online at www.clarksusa.com and www.bostonianshoe.com. back to top how can i purchase clarks styles that are distributed outside the united states? clarks styles vary from country to country, based our consumers preferences around the world. at this time, we do not sell products that are carried exclusively overseas. back to top can i buy clarks kids' shoes in the united states? clarks is now carrying kids' shoes in select clarks stores across the country. for a complete list of stores, please visit our store locator. back to top can i buy clarks kids' shoes online? no. making sure that your child's shoes are a good fit is the first priority for both you and clarks. we encourage you to find a local clarks store that carries clarks kids and have one of our specially trained fit experts carefully measure and fit your child. please visit our store locator to find a store carrying clarks kids shoes near you. back to top do you offer a mail order catalog? we do not produce a mail order catalog, but you can find the complete collection of current products on our websites www.clarksusa.com and www.bostonianshoe.com. our websites also include store locators to help you find stores in your area that carry our products. back to top does clarks repair or resole shoes? if your shoes are well worn and need to be repaired, we suggest taking them to a local shoe repair shop. we also recommend a company called resole america. they have the capability of resoling a select amount of men's styles. this includes dress shoes with a leather bottom, crepe soles from our originals line, and select rubber soled shoes, which include the clarks air mover and natureveldt. if you would like information on resoling your clarks or bostonian shoes, please contact resole america directly at 888-349-7463 or www.resole.com for details. back to top can i order replacement laces through clarks? we do have laces available for select styles and would be happy to send you a replacement for free, if the laces are in stock in our warehouse. please contact our consumer services team online or call us at 800-211-5461 with the style number of your shoes along with your mailing address. if we are unable to locate a pair within our inventory, we suggest visiting a local retailer that sells replacement shoe parts or visit www.lacesforless.com to purchase a similar pair. back to top what is the difference between men and women's sizes? generally speaking, women's sizes are approximately 1.5 sizes higher than the equivalent men's size. for example, a women's size 8.5 is the equivalent of a men's size 7. back to top how do i return a defective product? we strive to make premium products with the best possible materials and unsurpassed craftsmanship. that is why we stand behind everything we make and will replace shoes that have a defect in craftsmanship or materials. if you believe your shoes have a defect in craftsmanship or materials, simply return them to the store where they were purchased with your receipt. if they are unable to honor your return, please contact our consumer services team online or call us at 800-211-5461, and we will be happy to help you. back to top what is your return policy? we hope you will be completely satisfied with every product purchased from our website, but if for any reason you are not, simply return the product to us — hassle free. for online orders, you can return your product to your local clarks, bostonian or clarks bostonian outlet store for a refund with your original packing slip, or you can use our free return by mail service. please see our returns policy for more information. for purchases made in store, you must return your product to a store. back to top how do i reprint a return packing slip or shipping label? please log into your account and click on the 'past returns' section from the left-hand menu. from there, choose the order number that you initiated a return from to access this content. if you do not have an account, simply click track order, enter your order number and ship-to zip code and from the left-hand menu and click on 'past returns'. back to top i bought a pair of shoes at full price, but they are now on sale — may i receive the difference in cost? once an item has been ordered the price is fixed. we do not offer price adjustments. back to top how can i redeem a clarks gift card? clarks and bostonian gift cards can be redeemed for merchandise online at www.clarksusa.com or www.bostonianshoe.com; at one of our clarks, bostonian or clarks bostonian outlet retail locations; or by calling 800-211-5461. shop and checkout like normal; during checkout, select the gift card option on the payment and review page. before entering your credit card information, enter the 19-digit gift card number and 4-digit pin from the back of your gift card, then click apply. follow this process with any subsequent gift cards. a maximum of three gift cards can be applied toward any one order. back to top how can i reload a clarks gift card? for both purchases and returns, online and in stores, gift cards cannot be reloaded. back to top how can i retrieve my password? if you have forgotten your password, just go to the my account page. you will be asked to enter the email address you used to open the account. we will send you an email with a password. back to top how do i change my account information? to update your name, contact details or password log in to my account, select the my profile link and then enter your new details. back to top how do i change my email address? go to my account and log in. after your account summary appears, click on my profile and enter your new email address. back to top when i registered, i entered my email address incorrectly — how do i log back in to check my email address? when you initially sign up for an online account, we send out a confirmation email. if you did not receive this, you may have entered your email address incorrectly. contact our consumer services team online or call us at 800-211-5461, and we will assist you in correcting this issue. back to top what payment methods can i use? we accept the following major credit cards when purchasing online or in a clarks, bostonian or clarks bostonian outlet location: visa, mastercard, discover, american express. back to top can i use an international credit card for payment? if you are using an international credit card (visa, mastercard, american express, discover) that utilizes a billing address within the united states, we would be able to place an order and ship to an address within the united states or the u.s. territories. we are unable to support the use of international billing addresses. back to top what should i do if my credit card is not authorized when placing an order? if your credit card is not authorized, first try to enter the credit card and billing information again. if you have re-entered the information correctly and still are not authorized, you can re-submit your order using a different card. for details on why your card was refused, please contact your card issuer. back to top what is my 3 or 4 digit security code? your card security code (csc) or card verification value (cvv) can be found on the back of your credit card, generally on the signature strip. this number helps keep your transaction safe. back to top will i receive a confirmation after placing an order? we will send you two confirmation emails after placing an order. the first will arrive within 24 hours and confirms that your order was received. the second will arrive when your order is shipped. back to top do i get charged shipping for each item i have ordered? no, we offer flat fee shipping for each order you place. the charge is the same regardless of how many items you order, within a single purchase. back to top i need my new shoes tomorrow for a special occasion — can you fast track my order? yes, within the continental united states. if you choose the next day delivery option, orders placed before 12:00pm est monday through thursday will be shipped the same day and delivered the following day. orders placed on friday through sunday will be shipped on the following monday and delivered tuesday. we do not offer saturday delivery at this time. back to top do you deliver on saturday? no. we do not offer saturday delivery at this time. back to top how can i track my order? to track your order, please visit our track order page. you can also track your order by clicking on the track order link in your shipment confirmation email or by logging into the my account section of our website. once in your account, click on order history and click on the order you would like to track to view the status of each item. back to top can i cancel or change my order? you can change your order at any time before you submit your order. however, once your order is placed, our order fulfillment and shipping systems are designed to get orders on their way to you quickly. we are unable to alter an order once it has been submitted. if you have any questions about an order you have placed, please contact our consumer services team online or at 800-211-5461. our consumer services team will make every effort to assist you. back to top my products have arrived damaged, what do i do? for online purchases, you can either take the items back to any clarks, bostonian or clarks bostonian outlet location or return them using our free return by mail process. to ensure that you receive a replacement product as quickly as possible, please contact our consumer services team online or at 800-211-5461. for purchases made in-store, please return your product to a store. to find a clarks, bostonian or clarks bostonian outlet store closest to you, use our store locator. back to top when will i receive my refund? if you return products to your local store, the refund will be processed immediately. if you return them by mail, we will process your refund after we receive your products at our fulfillment center. please allow up to two billing cycles for the credit to post to your account after your return has been processed. if you received a gift in the wrong size or color, you can return it to any clarks, bostonian or clarks bostonian outlet to receive a gift card for the original price paid. our gift cards can be redeemed at a clarks, bostonian or clarks bostonian outlet locations, and also on our websites www.clarksusa.com or www.bostonianshoe.com. if the original order was purchased as a gift, you will receive a merchandise credit in the form of a gift card, which will ship to the ship-to address from the original order. if you purchased items from clarks or bostonian and only paid with a gift card, returns will be issued in the form of a new gift card for the full order amount, less shipping. if your purchase was paid for with a combination of credit card and gift cards, we will default to crediting your credit card first, up until the full amount originally charged and a new gift card will be issued for the gift card portion of the order. back to top how do i return a gift online? when returning a gift, you will receive a gift card merchandise credit. we recommend returning merchandise in-store whenever possible; check our store locator for the nearest clarks, bostonian or outlet locations. if you still prefer to return items online, have your order number (found on your packing slip (received with your gift) and the shipping address zip code and visit our track order page. proceed to the initiate a return page and select the order number. select the item(s) you wish to return and select the appropriate reason code. once the merchandise is received at our location, we will process and ship your gift card. the gift card will ship to the original order ship-to address. post-processing, gift cards typically arrive within 5-7 business days via ups. back to top where do i return my product if i purchased it from a retail partner? retailers' return policies vary, so please check the return policy at the location where your shoes were purchased. shoes should be returned to the retailer from which they were originally purchased with any receipt or proof of purchase. back to top can i read or write a product review? you can read all existing reviews by visiting the product detail page of the shoe or accessory that interests you. if you own a particular product and have put it to use, we invite you to submit your own rating and review. back to top how do i submit a product review? become a registered user on clarksusa.com or log in to your existing account. search for the product you'd like to review. once you've located your shoe or accessory, click "write a review." add your ratings for comfort, quality, style, and fit. give the product an overall star rating. in the "review" section, tell us your opinion of the product. click "submit" to send us your review. back to top how long before my review is posted? reviews typically are posted within 72 hours of submission. we will notify you via email when your review is live on the site, or if your review was rejected. back to top are there any rules i need to follow when visiting your website? yes. all rules, guidelines, policies, terms and conditions related to our website can be found on our terms of use page. you will find the link to this page located in the bottom left-hand corner of every page of our website. by accessing, browsing, or otherwise using our websites, you agree to abide by our terms of use in their entirety, so please review this agreement carefully. if you do not agree to any of the stipulations set out in our terms of use, please refrain from entering or using our websites. back to top what nonprofit companies does clarks work with? clarks supports many different charities in the communities in which we live and work. if you would like more information regarding these charities please visit our community page. back to top contact consumer services telephone: 1-800-211-5461 email the clarks consumer services team hours (est) monday - friday : 8am - 8pm saturday : 10am - 4pm about clarks usa frequently asked questions order tracking customer service contact clarks shipping & delivery order status & tracking returns privacy policy get connected shoe care size conversion guide faqs about clarks careers community our brands originals story technologies soul of africa charity features originals privo indigo unstructured clarks wave soul of africa fall womens boots fall womens handbags fall mens boots fall waterproof styles store locator gift card track order our international site clarks.com [+]feedback terms of use | trademarks | site map | questions? call us 1-800-211-5461 c & j clark america inc., 156 oak street, newton upper falls, ma 02464