来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131230183008/http://www.clarksusa.com/eng/customerservice/privacypolicy.cfm
================================================================================

privacy policy clarks bostonian my shopping bag 0 customer service | store locator login / register | sign up for email advanced search entire site womens mens kids accessories sale womens styled for spring new arrivals boots gore-tex shoes clogs slippers sandals bendables mens spring spotlight new arrivals hard to find sizes & widths boots shoes gore-tex clogs sandals slippers kids girls shop by size prewalker (2.5 - 5) first (3.5 - 7) toddler (7.5 - 13) junior (13.5 - 3) youth (3.5 - 6) shop by category sneakers sandals shoes boots gore-tex slippers boys shop by size prewalker (2.5 - 5) first (3.5 - 7) toddler (7.5 - 13) junior (13.5 - 3) youth (3.5 - 6) shop by category sneakers sandals shoes boots gore-tex slippers accessories womens mens kids- foot gauges originals womens mens kids girls boys sale womens mens kids accessories x x register login my wish list shopping bag customer service contact clarks manage account order & payment shipping & delivery order status & tracking returns policy gift cards privacy policy ratings & reviews get connected size conversion guide shoe care 2 stores 1 checkout faqs privacy policy privacy policy c & j clark america, inc. and our family of brands, which include, but are not limited to clarks, bostonian, privo, and indigo (collectively known as "clarks"), value and respect your individual privacy. as part of our commitment to providing exceptional products and services, we collect personal information during our interactions with you. the following privacy policy outlines what information we collect, how it is handled, and the steps we take to ensure that it remains protected. information we collect and how we use it individuals using www.clarksusa.com and www.bostonianshoe.com (our "sites") may choose to provide their personal information at various times. providing your personal information is always voluntary. the following explains where you may provide such information and how it is used. please note that in any instance where we use your information for email marketing purposes, you will only receive such communications if you elect to do so (see "email communications and your choices"). • "my account" when you register on any of our sites, we ask for your name, mailing address (including city, state, and zip code), phone number, and email address in order to set up your account. we also allow you the option of providing additional information, including, but not limited to, your date of birth and gender. the more we know about you, the more we are able to personalize your site experience and tailor our specific products and promotions to meet your interests. the information we collect through the "my account" feature is used to help improve our sites, customize your site experience, deliver updates or notices about our organization, and to send you direct and/or email marketing communications about our products and promotions. • purchases when you make a purchase through one of our sites, we ask for information such as your name, email address, billing address, telephone number, payment card information, and shipping address. such information is used to process, confirm, and ship your order. we may also use this information to send you direct and/or email marketing communications about our products and promotions. when shipping an order to a third party, you will be required to provide their name, shipping address, telephone number, and email address. such information is used solely to complete the order and to notify the recipient of their shipment. clarks will never use the personal information of a third party recipient for marketing purposes. • "contact us" if you choose to communicate using the "contact us" feature, we will ask for your name, email address, and telephone number. we use this information to respond to your inquiry and to assist you in navigating our sites. • surveys and contests clarks may, on occasion, request information from you using surveys, sweepstakes, or other like contests. your participation is never required. if you choose to participate, we may ask for your name, mailing address, email address, and/or telephone number. we use this information to administer the relevant survey or contest and for award notification purposes, as applicable. clarks may also use the information to provide you with direct and/or email marketing communications about our products and promotions. • product ratings and reviews users of our sites may provide ratings and reviews about our products. to submit a review, you must first create and/or access your clarksusa.com account. because we are able to associate you with the review you are submitting, we may use information in your review to personalize your site experience and tailor our product offerings to meet your interests. • visitors when you choose to browse our sites as a visitor, we gather only non-personally identifiable information from you, as outlined in the "cookies and other web applications" section of this policy. cookies and other web applications clarks uses cookies and other technologies to better understand the needs and wants of our customers. cookies are small data text files which are automatically transferred from our sites to your computer’s hard drive for identification purposes. cookies allow us to recognize your web browser every time you visit, so that we can personalize your experience and identify the areas of our sites which are most relevant to you. clarks also uses cookies to collect aggregate data about our customer base. through the use of cookies, we are able to track which parts of our sites are most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. such information helps us to provide you with improved services and a better overall site experience. if you would prefer not to accept cookies from our sites or any others, you can modify your browser preferences to refuse them. in order to do so, please refer to your browser’s "help" section. in addition to using cookies, we also gather non-personally identifiable "click stream" data and store it in our website log files. "click stream" data records your internet protocol (ip) address, browser type, internet service provider (isp), previously visited web pages, and domain name. we use this data solely to improve the content of our sites and to understand the demographics of our customer base. we will not use this information to market directly to you, as our website logs do not store any personally identifiable information. third parties and your information clarks does not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share your personal information with third parties without first giving you advance notice, except as set forth in this privacy policy. we may disclose your information to third parties with whom you explicitly ask us to share your information, where it is permitted or required by law, and as it is necessary for business operation purposes. clarks works with reputable third parties who perform services on our behalf, some of whom require access to your personal information in order to properly assist us. for example, we may use third parties to host our sites, authorize and process credit card transactions, manage our gift card program, and administer tax calculations. when clarks allows these third parties access to your personal information, we require that they handle your information with the utmost confidentiality and care, and use it solely for the business purpose for which it was intended. clarks carefully selects business partners who exhibit our same high level of commitment to protecting your personal privacy. security keeping your personal information confidential and secure is important to clarks. in order to protect the payment information you provide to us, including your credit card number, expiration date, security code, and billing address, we use 2048-bit secure sockets layer (ssl) technology. ssl technology encrypts your information so that it cannot be recognized or decoded in cyberspace. your computer will begin operating in secure mode once you enter our checkout page. you can confirm that ssl is active by looking in the lower left hand corner of your browser, where you will see either a closed lock or an unbroken key (depending on your browser type). additionally, the url line of your browser will change from "http" to "https" when the ssl technology is operating. accessing, modifying and deleteing your information you may access your personal information at any time by logging into the "my account" section of our sites. the "my account" feature allows you to view, update, or otherwise modify the personal information you have provided to us. users of our sites who provide us with their personal information may also permanently delete their information from our records at any time by canceling their account. in order to do so, please send an email to consumerservices@clarksna.com with "request for removal" in the tag line and your name and address in the body of the email. such action will effectively remove you as a member of our sites and cease any future email communications sent to you by clarks. in the event you choose to terminate your account, you may still make purchases as a "guest" of our sites. allow clarks up to ten business days from the time your request is received to cancel your account. email communications and your choices if you would like to be a part of our email list, you may "opt-in" when you sign up as a member of one of our sites or when you make an online purchase. if at anytime after joining you wish to unsubscribe from our email list, you may do so by clicking on the "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in all of the marketing emails we send to you. additionally, you may unsubscribe by sending an email to consumerservices@clarksna.com with "email removal" in the tag line, and your name and email address in the body of the email. if you choose to unsubscribe to our email list while remaining a member of our sites, you will continue to receive administrative and non-marketing related emails from clarks. removal from our email list may take up to ten business days from the time your request is received, during which time you may continue to receive electronic marketing correspondence from clarks. direct mail communications and your choices when you sign up as a member of one of our sites or make an online purchase, your mailing information is automatically added to our direct mail distribution list. if at anytime you wish to unsubscribe from our direct mail list, you may do so by calling consumer services at (800) 211-5461 or by sending an email to consumerservices@clarksna.com with "direct mail removal" in the tag line, and your name and address in the body of the email. additionally, you may unsubscribe by sending a letter, inclusive of your name and address, stating that you no longer wish to receive direct marketing mail from clarks. please send mail to: clarks americas, inc.attn: retail marketing 156 oak street newton upper falls, ma 02464. removal from our direct mail list may take up to ten business days from the time your request is received, during which time you may continue to receive marketing correspondence from clarks. children 13 and under clarks does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. if we obtain knowledge that a child under 13 has submitted personally identifiable information in violation of this policy, we will delete that information as soon as possible. if you believe clarks may have obtained information in violation of this policy, please contact us at consumerservices@clarksna.com and include "child information" in the subject line. residents of california in accordance with california civil code section 1798.83, clarks customers who are residents of california may submit a once-a-year request for information concerning our disclosures of their personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. in order to do so, please send a written request, including your name and address, to: clarks americas, inc. attn: retail marketing 156 oak street newton upper falls, ma 02464 please include "request for california privacy" in the letter subject line. within 30 days of receiving your request, we will send you a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. we will also provide you with the names and addresses of these third parties. clarks reserves the right to not respond to requests sent more than once in a calendar year. our disclosures are limited to the information covered by the law. links to other sites for your convenience, our sites may contain links to other company websites and resources, none of which are controlled by clarks. clarks is not responsible for any non-affiliated websites, whether linked or otherwise. those websites may have their own privacy policies and terms and conditions which will govern your access and use of their site. privacy policy changes and updates clarks may update the terms of this privacy policy from time to time. in the event a change occurs, an updated policy will be posted on our sites along with a notice outlining the change. if at any time we decide to use your information in a manner that is different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email and let you choose whether we may use your information in the changed manner. consent by using any of our sites you signify that you agree to both the terms of this privacy policy and our stated terms and conditions. if you do not accept the terms of this privacy policy and/or our terms and conditions, please exit our sites and refrain from providing your personal information to us. contact us if you have questions, comments, or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: email: consumerservices@clarksna.com phone: (800) 211-5461 u.s. mail: clarks americas, inc. attn: ecommerce 156 oak street newton upper falls, ma 02464 this privacy policy applies only to the information collected by www.clarksusa.com and www.bostonianshoe.com date posted: december 12, 2013 contact consumer services telephone: 1-800-211-5461 email the clarks consumer services team hours (est) monday - friday : 8am - 8pm saturday : 10am - 4pm about clarks usa frequently asked questions order tracking sign up join our email list! customer service contact clarks shipping & delivery order status & tracking returns privacy policy get connected about clarks careers originals story technologies glossary of terms foothealth features originals unstructured clarks wavewalk soul of africa clarks life clarks kids life store locator gift card track order our international site clarks.com feedback terms of use| trademarks| site map| corporate responsibility|  call us! 1-800-211-5461 c & j clark america inc., 156 oak street, newton upper falls, ma 02464