来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191228033704/https://www.clarksusa.com/rewards-program-terms
================================================================================

in-store reward program terms we've noticed that your browser does not support javascript. this may degrade your experience of this site. your browser is out of date and may not be compatible with our website. by closing this window you acknowledge that your experience on this website may be degraded close skip to main page contenttrack orderstore locatorlog outlog in / register français deutsch nederlands europe españolwomenmenkidsoriginalsaccessoriessalesustainability item added to cartcloseshop womenintroducing freida pintoat home comfortwalking shoestrendingnew arrivalsbest sellerssandalscomfort shoesanimal printsdesert bootsweatherproofdress shoeswide shoesgift cardsstylesall stylescasual collectionbootsclogswalkingheelsslippersshoeswedgeswork shoesspring shopspring stylesflatsankle strapflat sandalswedgesstrappy sandalsblock heelheeled sandalssneakersaccessoriespurses and walletsbackpacksshoe carewalletscrossbody bagssize guideshop menintroducing alex skarsgaardat home comfortwalking shoestrendingnew arrivalsbest sellerscomfort shoeslow bootsdesert bootswide shoesgift cardsmens waterprooflace up bootswallabeesstylesall stylesbootscasual collectionslippersdress casual dress shoeswork shoesspring shopspring stylessandalsboat shoessneakersloafersaccessoriesbags and walletbeltssocksshoe careslipperssize guideshop kidsfrozen ii x clarkskids shoe faqstrendingdesert bootssneakersschool shoesspiderman x clarksminnie mouse x clarks girlsall styles bootsshoessneakerscasual stylesboysall stylesbootsshoessneakerscasual stylesby agefirst: age 0-4kids - age 5-8youth - age 9+size guideshop originalswomensall styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsmensall styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootskidsall stylesdesert booticonsdesert bootdesert londondesert trekwallabeeshop accessoriesshop salewomensall accessoriespursescrossbody bagstote bagswalletsbackpackssocksslippersshoe caremensall accessoriesbags & walletsbeltswalletssocksslippersshoe careshop saleshop markdownslast chancefeaturedmens new markdownswomens new markdownswomensall salebootssandalsshoesaccessoriesmensall salebootscasual shoesaccessorieskidsall salekids new markdownssustainability made to lastsustainability leather worksustainability originalssustainability originals sevenssustainability tri native welcome back !view your accountlog in / registerwomenshop womens styles trending new arrivalsbest sellerssandalscomfort shoesanimal printsdesert bootsweatherproofdress shoeswide shoesgift cardsstyles all stylescasual collectionbootsclogswalkingheelsslippersshoeswedgeswork shoesspring shop spring stylesflatsankle strapflat sandalswedgesstrappy sandalsblock heelheeled sandalssneakersaccessories purses and walletsbackpacksshoe carewalletscrossbody bagssize guidemenshop mens styles trending new arrivalsbest sellerscomfort shoeslow bootsdesert bootswide shoesgift cardsmens waterprooflace up bootswallabeesstyles all stylesbootscasual collectionslippersdress casual dress shoeswork shoesspring shop spring stylessandalsboat shoessneakersloafersaccessories bags and walletbeltssocksshoe careslipperssize guidekidsshop kids styles trending desert bootssneakersschool shoesspiderman x clarksminnie mouse x clarks girls all styles bootsshoessneakerscasual stylesboys all stylesbootsshoessneakerscasual stylesby age first: age 0-4kids - age 5-8youth - age 9+size guidefitting help little foothealth labsize guideoriginalsshop originals womens all styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsmens all styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootskids all stylesdesert booticons desert bootdesert londondesert trekwallabeesaleshop sale styles featured mens new markdownswomens new markdownswomens all salebootssandalsshoesaccessoriesmens all salebootscasual shoesaccessorieskids all salekids new markdownsaccessorieswomens all accessoriespursescrossbody bagstote bagswalletsbackpackssocksslippersshoe caremens all accessoriesbags & walletsbeltswalletssocksslippersshoe caresustainability sustainability made to last sustainability leather worksustainability originalssustainability originals sevenssustainability tri native my accountstore locatorsubscribe to clarks emailsselect from the boxes below to be the first to hear about our latest offers and new arrivals. kids originals clarks outlet bostonian select all join clarks select your country:françaisdeutschnederlandseuropeespañol cancelterms & conditionsprivacy policyccpa privacy policyselect alldeselect all search clarks in-store rewards program terms and conditions c & j clark retail, inc. in-store rewards program terms and conditions please read these terms and conditions carefully. by participating in the clarks in-store rewards program, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and all terms incorporated by reference as described below. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you should not participate in the clarks in-store rewards program. the clarks rewards program terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in the clarks in-store rewards program (“in-store rewards program” or “in-store rewards”), which is operated by c & j clark retail, inc. and/or its affiliates (collectively, “clarks "). by enrolling in the in-store rewards program, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms. in-store rewards program eligibility you must be a united states resident (including residents of u.s. territories) who is at least 18 years of age to participate in the in-store rewards program. the in-store rewards program is intended for personal use only.  commercial use by commercial customers and others purchasing items for resale are not eligible to participate in the in-store rewards program. clarks maintains sole discretion as to whether a purchase is deemed a purchase for resale. current clarks employees and contractors, and their immediate family members living in the same household, are not eligible to participate in the in-store rewards program. privacy any information you supply in connection with the in-store rewards program is subject to our privacy policy, which you can find at www.clarksusa.com/privacy-policy . joining the in-store rewards program the in-store rewards program is a free customer loyalty program that allows members to earn points (“points” ) with qualifying purchases at participating clarks retail stores and clarks outlet stores in the united states or puerto rico. the in-store rewards program may not be offered at all clarks stores, including various licensed clarks stores in the united states or puerto rico . there are no membership fees associated with the in-store rewards program. to enroll in the in-store rewards program, you must provide an in-store sales associate with your first and last name, phone number, and a valid email address. alternatively, you must provide an in-store sales associate with your first and last name, full address, and a valid email address. the information you provide when joining the in-store rewards program is hereinafter referred to as your “account information.” earning points purchases. as a member, you are eligible to earn one (1) point for every dollar you spend on merchandise you purchase at a clarks retail store or clarks outlet store in the united states or puerto rico.  points cannot be earned for online purchases made at www.clarksusa.com, or for purchases/orders placed through customer service by calling 1-800-211-5461 . points are earned on the net purchase amount, excluding any tax, after applying all other discounts, offers, promotions, coupons, and/or rewards (defined below).  points cannot be earned on purchases of gift cards, shipping costs, donations or other non-merchandise items. to earn points, you must identify yourself as an in-store rewards program member at the time of purchase and provide your account information to the in-store sales associate to enable the sales associate to locate your in-store rewards program account (“in-store account”).  you are responsible for ensuring points have been added to your in-store account at time of purchase.  you cannot earn points on past purchases.  extra cents in a transaction at or above 50¢ per dollar will be rounded up to the nearest dollar and qualify for points.  extra cents in a transaction at or below 49¢ per dollar will be rounded down to the nearest dollar and do not qualify for points.  for example, if you spend $10.49 in a qualifying transaction, you earn 10 points for that transaction, and the 49¢ does not count toward rewards points in any later purchase.  does not count towards points in any later purchase. if you spend between $10.50 or $11.49 in a qualifying transaction, you earn 11 points for that transaction. points normally will appear in your in-store account within approximately 24 hours of your qualifying purchase. no responsibility is assumed for any delays in posting of rewards points to your in-store account. you may view your points balance on your last receipt. you may also ask a sales associate in any participating clarks retail store or clarks outlet store to look up your point balance or your rewards (defined below) for you by providing your account information. promotional activities and events. from time-to-time, at its sole discretion, clarks may offer you opportunities to earn bonus points, such as inviting you to engage with clarks in special promotional events or activities in exchange for points. issuing of rewards once you earn 200 points, you automatically will be issued a $20-off discount reward coupon (“reward(s)”) applicable toward a purchase at a participating clarks retail store or clarks outlet store in the united states or puerto rico. upon issuance of the reward, the corresponding 200 points are automatically deducted from your in-store account. multiple rewards may be issued at the same time based on the points you have earned. when a reward is issued to your in-store account, an email notification automatically will be sent to the email address associated with your in-store account.  . . such email will be the sole means of communicating the reward.  clarks does not assume responsibility for incorrect e-mail addresses or your non-receipt of an e-mail. you may also ask any in-store sales associate at any time for your points balance or whether you have accumulated any reward(s). rewards are only issued in $20 increments each time 200 points accumulate in your in-store account. any unused points at the time a reward is issued will remain in your in-store account. rewards points are promotional in nature.  they are not redeemable for cash, have no cash value, and cannot be used for any purpose other than earning rewards as described in these terms. your rewards to use any reward(s) you have earned, you must identify yourself as an in-store rewards program member when making an in-store purchase and provide your account information to the sales associate to enable the sales associate to locate your in-store account. you are responsible for claiming your rewards. rewards are redeemable only in participating clarks retail stores and clarks outlet stores in the united states or puerto rico, and only for in-store merchandise purchases..  they cannot be applied to (a) previous purchases, (b) gift card purchases, (c) payment for shipping or other non-merchandise items, or (d) online purchases made at www.clarksusa.com or to purchases made by phone through customer service at 1-800-211-5461. you are responsible for all applicable sales tax on any purchases. rewards are promotional in nature. they are not redeemable for cash, have no cash value, and cannot be used for any purpose other than claiming discounts on eligible merchandise purchases per these terms. rewards will be deducted from your purchase total before any other coupons and after promotional offers are applied. such other coupons or promotional offers will not be applied at all if they state in their own terms that they cannot be combined with other offers. the amount of the reward will be prorated over each of the items you purchase when using the reward. additional terms, conditions, and restrictions on use of rewards toward certain merchandise items may be disclosed from time to time in participating store locations or in advertising for the affected merchandise items. any available rewards amounts in your in-store account after using a reward in connection with an eligible transaction will remain in your in-store account. for example, if you have a $20 reward in your in-store account and you purchase an item costing $15 with the reward, a balance of a $5 reward will remain in your in-store account for future use. expiration of rewards, points and inactive in-store accounts rewards expire within 365 days from the date they are earned. points that have not been converted into a reward expire five (5) years after the date they are earned, resulting in a points balance of zero (0). any in-store account in which there is no activity for a period of five (5) years (i.e., no earning of any points or redemption of any rewards) is subject to cancellation in the discretion of clarks, with or without prior notice to the member. in the event of cancellation, any accumulated points and/or rewards in the in-store account immediately expire and become null and void. impact of merchandise returns all returns, in all circumstances, must be in accordance with the clarks return policy . if you return merchandise from a purchase for which you received points, any points you earned from that purchase will be deducted from your in-store account. if you return merchandise that you purchased with a reward, you will be refunded the amount you actually paid (excluding the value of any rewards or any other discounts, offers, promotions, coupons, etc.) to your original method of payment.  you will not receive any replacement rewards for returned merchandise, and clarks will not credit any redeemed discount rewards back to your in-store account. for example, if you purchased merchandise for $100 and used $10 of your $20 reward, clarks will refund $90 to your original method of payment. you will not receive a $10 replacement reward.  if you purchase multiple items using a single reward, then the value of your reward is applied proportionally to each item, and returns of any one item will result in a refund of the amount you paid for the item, excluding the value of the proportionally applied value of the reward. communications by enrolling in the in-store rewards program, you agree to receive e-mail messages and postal mail with information about your in-store account and other promotional and marketing information from clarks, to the e-mail address you provided and that is associated with your in-store account. to stop receiving promotional e-mails and e-mail marketing communications from clarks, you may use the unsubscribe option in any such email. if you opt-out of receiving promotional and marketing communications, you will still receive e-mail communication of rewards issued to you under the in-store rewards program; such communication is the sole method of notifying you of any earned rewards. if you do not want to receive such communications, you should cease participating in the in-store rewards program. miscellaneous without notice to you, clarks reserves the right to suspend or terminate your in-store account and/or your participation in the in-store rewards program (in whole or in part), for any reason, including but not limited to if clarks determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated these terms, you have more than one in-store account, or that the use of your in-store account or your participation in the in-store rewards program is unauthorized, abusive, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful. individual transactions of more than twelve (12) pairs per day or sixty (60) pairs per week are excluded from the program. clarks may, in its sole discretion, suspend, cancel or combine in-store accounts that appear to be duplicative. in the event that your participation in the in-store rewards program is terminated, you will not be able to receive any further points or rewards, or to redeem any accumulated rewards . clarks reserves the right to interpret and apply these terms in its discretion, subject to applicable law. all interpretations and decisions by clarks are final and binding. by participating in the in-store rewards program, each member hereby releases clarks from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and other expenses (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees) relating to his/her participation in the program, use of rewards, or agreement to these terms. if you have any questions or if you are dissatisfied with the in-store rewards program in any way, please contact clarks via email at consumer.services@clarks.com or by calling 1-800-211-5461. updates and changes clarks reserves the right to change, modify and/or eliminate in-store rewards program and/or all or any portion of these terms or any policy pertaining to the in-store rewards program at any time and in our sole discretion. such changes may include the exclusion of certain merchandise from the program. if we make changes, we will post the amended terms at www.clarksusa.com/rewards-program-terms and will also send notification via email to members at the email addresses on record for such members in the program. you are responsible for making sure the email address you supply to us is current. unless otherwise stated, changes normally will become effective thirty (30) days after posting at www.clarksusa.com/rewards-program-terms. if you disagree with any change, your sole remedy is to cease participating in the program.  continued participation after the effective date constitutes agreement to the change. last updated: february 28, 2019 scroll to topcontact us email address clarks newsletter > join our list x departments womens mens bostonian kids originals discover sale help customer service shipping & delivery order lookup returns compare at pricing faqs id.me faqs in-store rewards program terms in-store rewards program faqs shoe care guide about clarks careers technologies about us affiliate program corporate responsibility california supply chains act california - do not sell my info accessibility clarksusa.com kids foot health lab gift cards gift card balance terms & conditions privacy policy ccpa privacy policy © c&j clark international 2019. clarks and the clarks logo are registered trademarks of c&j clark international limited. c & j clark america, inc., 60 tower road, waltham, ma 02451