来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191228033704/https://www.clarksusa.com/guide/how-to
================================================================================

shoe care guide - clarks® shoes official site we've noticed that your browser does not support javascript. this may degrade your experience of this site. your browser is out of date and may not be compatible with our website. by closing this window you acknowledge that your experience on this website may be degraded close skip to main page contenttrack orderstore locatorlog outlog in / register français deutsch nederlands europe españolwomenmenkidsoriginalsaccessoriessalesustainability item added to cartcloseshop womenintroducing freida pintoat home comfortwalking shoestrendingnew arrivalsbest sellerssandalscomfort shoesanimal printsdesert bootsweatherproofdress shoeswide shoesgift cardsstylesall stylescasual collectionbootsclogswalkingheelsslippersshoeswedgeswork shoesspring shopspring stylesflatsankle strapflat sandalswedgesstrappy sandalsblock heelheeled sandalssneakersaccessoriespurses and walletsbackpacksshoe carewalletscrossbody bagssize guideshop menintroducing alex skarsgaardat home comfortwalking shoestrendingnew arrivalsbest sellerscomfort shoeslow bootsdesert bootswide shoesgift cardsmens waterprooflace up bootswallabeesstylesall stylesbootscasual collectionslippersdress casual dress shoeswork shoesspring shopspring stylessandalsboat shoessneakersloafersaccessoriesbags and walletbeltssocksshoe careslipperssize guideshop kidsfrozen ii x clarkskids shoe faqstrendingdesert bootssneakersschool shoesspiderman x clarksminnie mouse x clarks girlsall styles bootsshoessneakerscasual stylesboysall stylesbootsshoessneakerscasual stylesby agefirst: age 0-4kids - age 5-8youth - age 9+size guideshop originalswomensall styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsmensall styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootskidsall stylesdesert booticonsdesert bootdesert londondesert trekwallabeeshop accessoriesshop salewomensall accessoriespursescrossbody bagstote bagswalletsbackpackssocksslippersshoe caremensall accessoriesbags & walletsbeltswalletssocksslippersshoe careshop saleshop markdownslast chancefeaturedmens new markdownswomens new markdownswomensall salebootssandalsshoesaccessoriesmensall salebootscasual shoesaccessorieskidsall salekids new markdownssustainability made to lastsustainability leather worksustainability originalssustainability originals sevenssustainability tri native welcome back !view your accountlog in / registerwomenshop womens styles trending new arrivalsbest sellerssandalscomfort shoesanimal printsdesert bootsweatherproofdress shoeswide shoesgift cardsstyles all stylescasual collectionbootsclogswalkingheelsslippersshoeswedgeswork shoesspring shop spring stylesflatsankle strapflat sandalswedgesstrappy sandalsblock heelheeled sandalssneakersaccessories purses and walletsbackpacksshoe carewalletscrossbody bagssize guidemenshop mens styles trending new arrivalsbest sellerscomfort shoeslow bootsdesert bootswide shoesgift cardsmens waterprooflace up bootswallabeesstyles all stylesbootscasual collectionslippersdress casual dress shoeswork shoesspring shop spring stylessandalsboat shoessneakersloafersaccessories bags and walletbeltssocksshoe careslipperssize guidekidsshop kids styles trending desert bootssneakersschool shoesspiderman x clarksminnie mouse x clarks girls all styles bootsshoessneakerscasual stylesboys all stylesbootsshoessneakerscasual stylesby age first: age 0-4kids - age 5-8youth - age 9+size guidefitting help little foothealth labsize guideoriginalsshop originals womens all styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsmens all styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootskids all stylesdesert booticons desert bootdesert londondesert trekwallabeesaleshop sale styles featured mens new markdownswomens new markdownswomens all salebootssandalsshoesaccessoriesmens all salebootscasual shoesaccessorieskids all salekids new markdownsaccessorieswomens all accessoriespursescrossbody bagstote bagswalletsbackpackssocksslippersshoe caremens all accessoriesbags & walletsbeltswalletssocksslippersshoe caresustainability sustainability made to last sustainability leather worksustainability originalssustainability originals sevenssustainability tri native my accountstore locatorsubscribe to clarks emailsselect from the boxes below to be the first to hear about our latest offers and new arrivals. kids originals clarks outlet bostonian select all join clarks select your country:françaisdeutschnederlandseuropeespañol cancelterms & conditionsprivacy policyselect alldeselect all search how to clean and protect shoes manage account order & payment shipping & delivery track my order returns gift cards privacy policy compare at pricing ratings & reviews size conversion guide faqs contact us it is important to use the proper products specifically designed for the material of your shoes. check out the clarks shoe care and maintenance guide to give you the tools, tips, and tricks on how to clean and protect your purchase. recommended product the triangle shoe care kit contains one horse hair brush, two horse hair daubers, two polishing cloths, and black and brown cream shoe polish. use this product on any genuine leather product to maintain and protect the natural beauty of the leather. shop shoe care kits protect your investment in fine footwear with aromatic cedar shoe trees. they absorb moisture, reduce wrinkles, eliminate odor and extend the life of your shoes. shop shoe trees how to clean find easy and convenient cleaning solutions for your pair of leather, suede, or nubuck shoes. why can't i wash my shoes with soap? it's a special night and you want to wear your favorite pair of leather shoes only to find they look a little dirty. after a quick cleaning at the kitchen sink with a damp rag and soap and anxiously waiting for them to dry, you let out a screech of horror and dismay…you have ruined your favorite pair of shoes! although soap is great for cleaning, it should not be used on any leather-based products. shoes are often made of high quality leathers that are naturally porous, which makes them susceptible to absorbing cleaning agents. as leather contains oils designed to keep it moisturized, the soap will work to extract the oil from the shoe, drying it out. this in turn allows the soap to penetrate the surface and cause discoloration or stains that are nearly impossible to remove. cleaning shoes it is important to use the proper products specifically designed for the material of your shoes. check out the clarks shoe care and maintenance guide to give you the tools, tips, and tricks on how to clean your pair of shoes. use the following clarks products for an easy and convenient cleaning solution for your pair of leather, suede, or nubuck shoes. to clean leather: for protection prior to wearing, use clarks water and stain protectant by spraying the full leather exterior of the shoe. for shoes that have already been worn, apply clarks leather polish with a dry rag and allow to dry for 30 minutes to clean, polish, and moisturize the leather. please note that the clarks shoe care products listed above are designed for leather only. to clean suede or nubuck: gently apply clarks suede and nubuck foaming cleaner with the foaming applicator, scrub lightly, wipe away with a rag, and let dry for 30 minutes to clean and condition. once dry, lightly spray on clarks water and stain protectant. long-term care remember to purchase the shoe care kit by triangle on the clarks website for long-lasting leather shoes that look great, or visit your local clarks store for clarks water and stain protectant, clarks leather polish, and clarks suede and nubuck foaming cleaner to prevent future damage and keep your shoes in great condition for years to come. how to protect learn the best ways of protecting your shoes from becoming worn and distressed with these helpful tips. how to polish and restore leather shoes you're preparing for an amazing night out with friends, but as you go to take out your favorite pair of leather shoes from the closet, you find a dull, faded pair that no longer command the attention and love they once did. you think to yourself… these can't be those shoes! although leather is a naturally durable material, over time it can become worn and distressed due to several factors including weather, humidity, and age. each of these factors can have a different affect on the leather, causing the material to look old and neglected if not treated properly. it is a far too common mistake to throw leather shoes out because they are thought to be ruined and unsalvageable. luckily, there are several ways to bring the leather back to life so that you can continue to wear your favorite pair of leather shoes for many more years to come. polishing and restoring leather shoes to ensure your pair of leather shoes stands the test of time, it is important that you occasionally take the steps necessary to treat them to restore their durability and natural beauty. use the following clarks products for an easy and convenient restoration and polishing solution, sure to extend the life of your favorite pair. to restore and polish leather shoes: for a fast on-the-go shine solution, use clarks quick shine sponge to moisturize, protect, and shine. -for a more lasting finish, apply clarks cream polish in a circular motion with a dry rag and allow to dry for 30 minutes. -for lasting protection on lightly worn shoes, spray clarks water and stain protector to the full exterior of the leather. -for lasting protection on more heavily worn and cracking shoes, use clarks weather guard. heat the product up to 120 degrees fahrenheit and apply with a rag. what is suede and nubuck? despite a common misconception, suede and nubuck shoes are in most cases made from the same types of leather as the rest of the shoes in your closet with one main exception. they are meticulously sanded to produce a velvet-like finish. while this process creates the soft texture we all love, it also causes the leather to become porous and thus become more susceptible to scuff marks and staining. don’t fear, however. there are effective ways to keep these materials looking great no matter what your night has in store for you. suedes and nubucks are meticulously sanded to produce a velvet-like finish that creates the soft texture we all love. learn more about the effective ways to keep these materials looking fresh. removing scuffs and stains from your suede and nubuck shoes it is imperative that you remove scuffs and stains quickly from your suede or nubuck shoes to prevent them from permanently setting into the material. -to remove stains from a suede or nubuck shoe: -use a brush or cloth to brush away any dry dirt and stains. -make a solution that is two parts water and one part white vinegar. -dampen a clean cloth with the solution and gently wipe the shoe. -allow the shoe to fully dry in the open air before putting away or wearing again. removing salt stains from your shoes it is imperative that you remove salt quickly from your leather shoes, as salt will dry out your leather shoes and can cause cracking or creasing. -to remove salt from a leather shoe: -make a solution that is two parts water and one part vinegar. -dampen a clean cloth with the solution and gently wipe the shoe. -remove the solution with a cloth dampened with clean, pure water. -make sure the shoe fully dries out, as you do not want the leather to be soaked in water for long. one way to do this would be to place the shoe within range of a heater or radiator. (not too close, though! heaters can cause leather to dry out and become brittle, and can also harm the adhesives.) scroll to topcontact us email address clarks newsletter > join our list x departments womens mens bostonian kids originals discover sale help customer service shipping & delivery order lookup returns compare at pricing faqs id.me faqs in-store rewards program terms in-store rewards program faqs shoe care guide about clarks careers technologies about us affiliate program corporate responsibility california supply chains act california - do not sell my info accessibility clarksusa.com kids foot health lab gift cards gift card balance terms & conditions privacy policy © c&j clark international 2019. clarks and the clarks logo are registered trademarks of c&j clark international limited. c & j clark america, inc., 60 tower road, waltham, ma 02451