来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231135313/https://www.clarksusa.com/rewards-program-faq
================================================================================

rewards program faq we've noticed that your browser does not support javascript. this may degrade your experience of this site. skip to main page contenttrack orderstore locatorlog outlog in / register français deutsch nederlands europe españolgift guidewomenmenoriginalsaccessoriessalesustainability item added to cartclosegift guidegift cardkids shoesgifts for herfor the trendsetterfor the fashionistafor the adventurergifts for himfor the trendsetterfor the holiday-goerfor the outdoorsmanstocking stuffersshoe carewomens socksmens socksgift cardslipperswomens slippersmens slippersshop womenoriginalsbest sellersblogshop by categorynew arrivals best sellersbootsflatssneakerssandalswide fitslipperssaleshop by styleall stylescasualcomfortabledressdesert bootsflip flopsheelsslip-onswalkingwallabeesshop by collectionicons reimaginedpure shoe collectionmemi boot collectionorinoco collectionroseville collectionmotive collectioncraft sports sneakerscloudsteppersunstructuredaccessoriesbootsall accessoriessocksshoe careshop menoriginalsbest sellersblogshop by categorynew arrivalsbest sellersbootsloafersslip-onssandalssneakersslipperswide fitsaleshop by styleall stylescasualdressdress casual desert bootswallabeeswalkingshop by collectionicons reimagineddriftway shoe collectiondonaway shoe collectioncraft sportsunstructuredaccessoriesbootsall accessoriessocksshoe careshop originalskids originalsfsc originalsiconswomensall styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsmensall styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsiconsdesert bootdesert londondesert trekwallabeeshop accessoriesshop salewomensall accessoriesslipperssocksshoe caremensall accessoriesslipperssocksshoe careshop saleshop markdownsfeaturedmens new markdownswomens new markdownswomensall salebootssandalscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriesmensall salebootscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriessustainability made to lastearth dayoriginleather workoriginalsoriginals sevenstri native welcome back !view your accountlog in / registerwomenshop womens styles shop by category new arrivals best sellersbootsflatssneakerssandalswide fitslipperssaleshop by style all stylescasualcomfortabledressdesert bootsflip flopsheelsslip-onswalkingwallabeesshop by collection icons reimaginedpure shoe collectionmemi boot collectionorinoco collectionroseville collectionmotive collectioncraft sports sneakerscloudsteppersunstructuredaccessoriesboots menshop mens styles shop by category new arrivalsbest sellersbootsloafersslip-onssandalssneakersslipperswide fitsaleshop by style all stylescasualdressdress casual desert bootswallabeeswalkingshop by collection icons reimagineddriftway shoe collectiondonaway shoe collectioncraft sportsunstructuredaccessoriesboots originalsshop originals womens all styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsmens all styles bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsicons desert bootdesert londondesert trekwallabeekids saleshop sale styles featured mens new markdownswomens new markdownswomens all salebootssandalscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriesmens all salebootscasual shoesdress shoesaccessorieskids accessorieswomens all accessoriesslipperssocksshoe caremens all accessoriesslipperssocksshoe caresustainability sustainability made to last earth dayoriginleather workoriginalsoriginals sevenstri native my accountstore locatorsubscribe to clarks emailsenter email addressselect from the boxes below to be the first to hear about our latest offers and new arrivals. kids originals clarks outlet bostonian select all join clarks terms & conditionsprivacy policyccpa privacy policyselect alldeselect all search begin typing to search, use tab key to navigate suggested products, use enter or return to select your browser is out of date and will not be compatible with our website.please download one of the following browsers to be able to easily view our website. microsoft edge google chrome mozilla firefox clarks in-store rewards program faqs covid-19 update while our stores are temporarily closed due to the covid-19 outbreak, we want to reassure you that your loyalty rewards will not be lost. until further notice, if you have a reward expiring on or after march 1, 2020, please know that we will be extending your expiration date. you will receive a separate email with your new expiration date as soon as possible. we will make program adjustments as needed during this uncertain time. as always, we appreciate you being a rewards member, and wish you and your families well. what is the clarks in-store rewards program? it is a free loyalty program in the united states that rewards you for purchases made at clarks retail and outlet brick and mortar stores. it is currently a separate and distinct program from any future rewards program that may become available for clarksusa.com online purchases. how do i join? sign up with an associate at one of our clarks stores or clarks outlet locations in the united states or puerto rico by providing your first name, last name, e-mail address, and phone number.  alternatively, you can sign up by providing your first name, last name, e-mail address and full mailing address. the program is free to join! why do you need my phone number or mailing address? we will use either your phone number or name and zip code to look up your in-store account the next time you come in. what if i do not want to provide my e-mail or do not have one? to participate in the in-store rewards program, you must provide an e-mail address. see program terms posted here www.clarksusa.com/rewards-program-terms. what if i have already given my e-mail to clarks? if you already provided your e-mail to a store associate at checkout on a prior occasion, you will have to provide your first name, last name, e-mail and phone number or first name, last name and full mailing address to an associate to opt-into the clarks in-store reward program. how to earn points:  each time you make a purchase at a clarks stores or clarks outlet location in the united states or puerto rico, provide your phone number or name and zip code to the associate. points will automatically be added to your in-store account. when will i receive my rewards? for every $1 you spend in any clarks stores or clarks outlet location in the united states or puerto rico, you will receive 1 point. when you reach 200 points (by spending $200), a $20 reward notification will be emailed to you within 24 hours of the qualifying purchase. see program terms posted here www.clarksusa.com/rewards-program-terms.   how do i redeem my rewards? provide your phone number or name and zip code to an associate at checkout and let them know you would like to use your rewards on your purchase.    do my rewards expire? rewards expire 365 days from the date they are earned.  do my points expire? points that have not been converted into a reward expire five (5) years after the date they are earned.   how do i track my points? your points total will be printed on your receipt, or you can ask an associate to look up your points balance at checkout.     how do i track my rewards? keep track of your email notifications. that’s how we communicate your rewards to you. also, you can ask an associate to look up your available rewards at checkout. at this time, your rewards are not otherwise available for viewing online or on receipts.     can i combine spend from multiple accounts? we cannot combine either multiple in-store accounts or your clarks online account at this time and encourage you to use a single phone number or name and zip code for all transactions at any clarks store or clarks outlet location to ensure you receive credit toward your in-store rewards.   what if i have a clarks club punch card? when you join the rewards program, you will automatically begin earning points and can continue to complete your existing clarks club punch card. once your existing clarks club card is redeemed you will not need another punch card - your points will automatically be tracked upon giving your phone number to an associate with every purchase.   what if i made a purchase but did not receive any points? please be sure to provide your phone number or name and zip code with every in-store purchase and check your receipt to ensure your points have been added to your in-store account. we are unable to add points to your in-store account outside of a purchase made in a clarks store or clarks outlet location.   what happens to my points if i make a return? if you return merchandise that you purchased in accordance with the clarks return policy for which you received points, any points you earned from that purchase will be deducted from your in-store account.   what happens if i return items that i purchased with a reward?if you return merchandise that you purchased with a reward, you will be refunded the amount you paid (excluding the value of the reward and any other discounts) to the original method of payment after we process your return in accordance with our clarks return policy. rewards are for one-time use only. you will not receive a replacement reward for returned merchandise and clarks will not credit the redeemed points back to your in-store account after a return.  does the in-store rewards program work online at www.clarksusa.com? no.  the program is only for in-store purchases in the united states and puerto rico and does not apply to purchases made online. purchases must be made at a qualifying clarks retail or clarks outlet store to earn points.   what if i am enrolled in the clarks online rewards program you can enroll in the clarks in-store rewards program, too! right now, these two programs are separate and distinct from each other, and you earn points and rewards separately for each program. you cannot combine in-store purchases with online purchases earn points or rewards.   any other questions? please contact our customer service team at consumer.services@clarks.com or see an associate at a qualifying clarks store or clarks outlet location! you may also review the full terms and conditions of the clarks in-store rewards program available at www.clarksusa.com/rewards-program-terms.   see clarks rewards terms and conditions for more details scroll to topcontact us email address clarks newsletter > join our list x departments womens mens originals discover sale help customer service shipping & delivery order lookup returns compare at pricing faqs id.me faqs in-store rewards program terms in-store rewards program faqs shoe care guide about clarks about us accessibility affiliate program blog careers california - do not sell my info california supply chains act corporate responsibility coronavirus statement technologies clarksusa.com gift cards gift card balance size guide terms & conditions privacy policy ccpa privacy policy © c. & j. clark international 2022. clarks and the clarks logo are registered trademarks of c. & j. clark international limited. c&j clark america, inc., 60 tower road, waltham, ma 02451 payments accepted