来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221225210758/https://www.clarksusa.com/guide/how-to
================================================================================

shoe care guide - clarks® shoes official site we've noticed that your browser does not support javascript. this may degrade your experience of this site. skip to main page contenttrack orderstore locatorstore locatorlog outlog in / register français deutsch nederlands europe españolwomenmenkidsoriginalsgift guideaccessoriessalesustainability item added to cartcloseshop all women'snew arrivalsbest sellersblogshop featurednew arrivals best sellerswide fitcomfortcasualholiday gift guidesaleshop by styleboots & bootiesdress shoesclogs & mulesloafersheelsslippersplatform & wedgeflatssandals & flip flopsslip-onssneakersoriginalsshop all stylesshop by collectionholiday gift guideclarkwell collectiongcds collectionthe boot shop breeze collectionatl collectionpure shoe collectionicons reimaginedcloudsteppersmini me collectionshop accessoriessocksslippersshoe careshop the gift guideshop the gift guideshop all men'snew arrivalsbest sellersblogshop featurednew arrivalsbest sellerswide fitcomfortcasualholiday gift guidesaleshop by stylebootswallabeesdress shoescasual dress shoesloafers & slip-onsslipperssneakerssandals & flip flopsdesert bootsoriginalsshop all stylesshop by collectionholiday gift guidegcds collection8th st atl collectionthe boot shopwhiddon dressicons reimaginednature 5nature x shop accessoriessocksslippersshoe carebeltswalletsshop the gift guideexplore the boot shopkids girlsbootssandalsshoessneakerstoddler shoes boysbootssandalsshoessneakers toddler shoescollectioncica collectioncloudstepperscraft sportsmini me collectionoriginals view all kidsshop kids saleshop originalsnew arrivalskids originals8th street shop mensbootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsshop womensbootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsshop kidsoriginals cyber week saleshop iconswallabeedesert bootsdesert trekweaver collectionssashiko collectionpaisley collection varsity collectiondesert trek 50th collectioncollaborations8th streetmonclerpokémon8th street collection8th street collectiongift guideshop the gift guidegifts for hergifts for himstocking stuffersgifts for kidsfamily matchinggift cardsthe boot shopgifts by price$200 & under$100 & under$50 & undersalegifts for hergifts for cold-weathergifts for dressy occasionsgifts for the shoe collectorgifts for the trend-settergifts for the stylishgifts for himgifts for cold-weathergifts for dressy occasionsgifts for the shoe collectorgifts for the stylishshop accessoriesshop salewomensall accessoriesslipperssocksshoe caremensall accessoriesbeltsslipperssocksshoe carewalletsshop saleoriginals cyber week saleshop markdownsfeaturedmens new markdownswomens new markdownswomensall salebootssandalscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriesmensall salebootscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriesevery move mattersearth dayoriginleather workoriginalsoriginals sevenstri native welcome back !view your accountlog in / registerwomenshop women's shop featured new arrivals best sellers wide fitcomfortcasual holiday gift guidesale shop by style shop all stylesboots & bootiesdress shoesclogs & mulesloafersheelsplatform & wedgeflatssandals & flip flopsslip-onsslipperssneakersoriginals shop by collection holiday gift guidegcds collectionthe boot shopbreeze collectionatl collectionpure shoe collectionicons reimaginedcloudsteppersmini meshop accessories socksslippersshoe careshop all accessoriessale accessoriesholiday gift guide shop the gift guidemenshop men's shop featured new arrivalsbest sellerwide fitcomfortcasual holiday gift guidesale shop by style shop all stylesbootswallabeesdress shoescasual dress shoesloafers & slip onssneakersslipperssandals & flip flopsdesert bootsoriginals shop all stylesshop by collection holiday gift guidegcds collectionthe boot shop8th statl collectionwhiddon dress icons reimaginednature 5 nature x shop accessories socksshoe carebeltswalletsshop all accessoriessale accessoriesholiday gift guide shop the gift guidekidsgirls bootssandalsshoessneakerstoddler shoes boys bootssandalsshoessneakers toddler shoescollection cica collectioncloudstepperscraft sportsmini me collectionoriginals view all kids shop kids saleoriginalsshop originals shop mens all men's originalsnew arrivalsbootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsshop womens all women's originalsnew arrivalsbootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsshop kids shop kids originalscollaborations 8th streetmonclerpokémoncollections sashiko collectionpaisley collectiondesert trek 50th collectiongift guideshop the gift guide shop the gift guide gifts for her gifts for her gifts for cold-weathergifts for dressy occassionsgifts for the shoe collectorgifts for the trend-settergifts for the stylishgifts for him gifts for himgifts for cold-weathergifts for dressy occassionsgifts for the shoe collectorgifts for the stylishgifts by price  $200 & under$100 & under$50 & undersalesaleshop sale styles featured mens new markdownswomens new markdownswomens all salebootssandalscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriesmens all salebootscasual shoesdress shoesaccessorieskids accessorieswomens all accessoriesslipperssocksshoe caremens all accessoriesbeltsslipperssocksshoe carewalletssustainability every move matters earth dayoriginleather workoriginalsoriginals sevenstri native my accountstore locatorsubscribe to clarks emailsenter email addressselect from the boxes below to be the first to hear about our latest offers and new arrivals. kids originals clarks outlet bostonian select all join clarks terms & conditionsprivacy policyselect alldeselect all search the following text field filters the results that follow as you type. begin typing to search, use tab key to navigate suggested products, use enter or return to select your browser is out of date and will not be compatible with our website.please download one of the following browsers to be able to easily view our website. microsoft edge google chrome mozilla firefox how to clean and protect shoes manage account order & payment shipping & delivery track my order returns gift cards privacy policy compare at pricing ratings & reviews size conversion guide faqs contact us it is important to use the proper products specifically designed for the material of your shoes. check out the clarks shoe care and maintenance guide to give you the tools, tips, and tricks on how to clean and protect your purchase. recommended product the triangle shoe care kit contains one horse hair brush, two horse hair daubers, two polishing cloths, and black and brown cream shoe polish. use this product on any genuine leather product to maintain and protect the natural beauty of the leather. shop shoe care kits protect your investment in fine footwear with aromatic cedar shoe trees. they absorb moisture, reduce wrinkles, eliminate odor and extend the life of your shoes. shop shoe trees how to clean find easy and convenient cleaning solutions for your pair of leather, suede, or nubuck shoes. why can't i wash my shoes with soap? it's a special night and you want to wear your favorite pair of leather shoes only to find they look a little dirty. after a quick cleaning at the kitchen sink with a damp rag and soap and anxiously waiting for them to dry, you let out a screech of horror and dismay…you have ruined your favorite pair of shoes! although soap is great for cleaning, it should not be used on any leather-based products. shoes are often made of high quality leathers that are naturally porous, which makes them susceptible to absorbing cleaning agents. as leather contains oils designed to keep it moisturized, the soap will work to extract the oil from the shoe, drying it out. this in turn allows the soap to penetrate the surface and cause discoloration or stains that are nearly impossible to remove. cleaning shoes it is important to use the proper products specifically designed for the material of your shoes. check out the clarks shoe care and maintenance guide to give you the tools, tips, and tricks on how to clean your pair of shoes. use the following clarks products for an easy and convenient cleaning solution for your pair of leather, suede, or nubuck shoes. to clean leather: for protection prior to wearing, use clarks water and stain protectant by spraying the full leather exterior of the shoe. for shoes that have already been worn, apply clarks leather polish with a dry rag and allow to dry for 30 minutes to clean, polish, and moisturize the leather. please note that the clarks shoe care products listed above are designed for leather only. to clean suede or nubuck: gently apply clarks suede and nubuck foaming cleaner with the foaming applicator, scrub lightly, wipe away with a rag, and let dry for 30 minutes to clean and condition. once dry, lightly spray on clarks water and stain protectant. long-term care remember to purchase the shoe care kit by triangle on the clarks website for long-lasting leather shoes that look great, or visit your local clarks store for clarks water and stain protectant, clarks leather polish, and clarks suede and nubuck foaming cleaner to prevent future damage and keep your shoes in great condition for years to come. how to protect learn the best ways of protecting your shoes from becoming worn and distressed with these helpful tips. how to polish and restore leather shoes you're preparing for an amazing night out with friends, but as you go to take out your favorite pair of leather shoes from the closet, you find a dull, faded pair that no longer command the attention and love they once did. you think to yourself… these can't be those shoes! although leather is a naturally durable material, over time it can become worn and distressed due to several factors including weather, humidity, and age. each of these factors can have a different affect on the leather, causing the material to look old and neglected if not treated properly. it is a far too common mistake to throw leather shoes out because they are thought to be ruined and unsalvageable. luckily, there are several ways to bring the leather back to life so that you can continue to wear your favorite pair of leather shoes for many more years to come. polishing and restoring leather shoes to ensure your pair of leather shoes stands the test of time, it is important that you occasionally take the steps necessary to treat them to restore their durability and natural beauty. use the following clarks products for an easy and convenient restoration and polishing solution, sure to extend the life of your favorite pair. to restore and polish leather shoes: for a fast on-the-go shine solution, use clarks quick shine sponge to moisturize, protect, and shine. -for a more lasting finish, apply clarks cream polish in a circular motion with a dry rag and allow to dry for 30 minutes. -for lasting protection on lightly worn shoes, spray clarks water and stain protector to the full exterior of the leather. -for lasting protection on more heavily worn and cracking shoes, use clarks weather guard. heat the product up to 120 degrees fahrenheit and apply with a rag. what is suede and nubuck? despite a common misconception, suede and nubuck shoes are in most cases made from the same types of leather as the rest of the shoes in your closet with one main exception. they are meticulously sanded to produce a velvet-like finish. while this process creates the soft texture we all love, it also causes the leather to become porous and thus become more susceptible to scuff marks and staining. don’t fear, however. there are effective ways to keep these materials looking great no matter what your night has in store for you. suedes and nubucks are meticulously sanded to produce a velvet-like finish that creates the soft texture we all love. learn more about the effective ways to keep these materials looking fresh. removing scuffs and stains from your suede and nubuck shoes it is imperative that you remove scuffs and stains quickly from your suede or nubuck shoes to prevent them from permanently setting into the material. -to remove stains from a suede or nubuck shoe: -use a brush or cloth to brush away any dry dirt and stains. -make a solution that is two parts water and one part white vinegar. -dampen a clean cloth with the solution and gently wipe the shoe. -allow the shoe to fully dry in the open air before putting away or wearing again. removing salt stains from your shoes it is imperative that you remove salt quickly from your leather shoes, as salt will dry out your leather shoes and can cause cracking or creasing. -to remove salt from a leather shoe: -make a solution that is two parts water and one part vinegar. -dampen a clean cloth with the solution and gently wipe the shoe. -remove the solution with a cloth dampened with clean, pure water. -make sure the shoe fully dries out, as you do not want the leather to be soaked in water for long. one way to do this would be to place the shoe within range of a heater or radiator. (not too close, though! heaters can cause leather to dry out and become brittle, and can also harm the adhesives.) scroll to topcontact us email address clarks newsletter > join our list x departments womens mens originals discover sale help product recall customer service shipping & delivery order lookup returns compare at pricing faqs id.me faqs in-store rewards program terms in-store rewards program faqs shoe care guide about clarks about us accessibility affiliate program blog careers california - do not sell my info california supply chains act corporate responsibility coronavirus statement technologies clarksusa.com gift cards gift card balance size guide terms & conditions privacy policy