来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20230927072632/https://www.clarksusa.com/customer-service/faqs
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - clarks® shoes official site we've noticed that your browser does not support javascript. this may degrade your experience of this site. skip to main page contenttrack orderstore locatorstore locatorlog outlog in / registerlog in / register français deutsch nederlands europe españolwomenmenkidsoriginalsaccessoriessalesustainability item added to cartcloseshop all women'snew arrivalsbest sellersblogshop featurednew arrivals best sellerswide fitcomfortcasualsaleshop by styleshop all stylesdress shoesloafersheelsflatssandalsflip flopsclogs & mulesslip-onssneakersoriginalsboots & bootiesplatform & wedgeshop by collectionthe sandal shoptorhill collectionatl outdoor collectionbreeze collectioncloudsteppersicons reimaginedcraft sportsfamily matchingthe kitly collectionwhite sneakersthe wedding collection sustainability collection shop accessoriessocksshoe careslippersexplore the sandal shopexplore the sandal shopshop all men'smen’s sandalsbest sellersblogshop featurednew arrivalsbest sellerswide fitcomfortcasualsaleshop by styleshop all styleswallabeesdress shoescasual dress shoesloafers & slip-onssandals & flip flopssneakersoriginalsdesert bootsbootsshop by collectionthe sandal shoptorhill collectionatl outdoor collectionnature 5nature x icons reimaginedronnie fieg collectionbeeswax leather collectionthe wedding collection summer shopcraft sportssustainability collection shop accessoriessocksshoe careslippersbeltswalletsnew arrivalsnew arrivalsshop kidsshop by sizecrib & toddlers (size 0-10)little kids (size 10.5-3)big kids (size 3.5-7)shop by styleall shoessneakerssandalsbootsoriginalsshop by collectionoriginals frugi cloudsteppersfamily matchingpokémonbaby shoesshop all kidsshop kids saleshop originalsnew arrivalskids originals8th street shop mensnew arrivalsbootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsall men's originals shop womens new arrivals bootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsall women's originalsshop iconswallabeedesert bootsdesert trekweaver collectionssouthwest surf collectionjacquard collectionsummer mulescollaborationsronnie fieg collectionpokémonronnie fieg collectionnew arrivalsnew arrivalsshop accessoriesshop salewomensall accessoriesslipperssocksshoe caremensall accessoriesbeltsslipperssocksshoe carewalletsshop saleoriginals saleshop markdownsfeaturedmens markdownswomens markdownskids markdownswomensall salebootssandalscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriesmensall salebootscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriesevery move mattersearth dayour sustainability expertsresponsible leatherorigin 2clarks x frugisustainability collection welcome back !view your accountlog in / registerwomenshop women's shop featured new arrivals best sellers wide fitcomfortcasual sale shop by style shop all stylesdress shoesloafersheelsflatssandalsflip flopsclogs & mulesslip-onssneakersoriginals boots & bootiesplatform & wedgeshop by collection torhill collectionatl outdoor collectionbreeze collectioncloudsteppersicons reimaginedcraft sportsthe kitly collectionwhite sneakersthe wedding collectionsustainability collectionshop accessories socksslippersshoe careshop all accessoriessale accessoriesmenshop men's shop featured new arrivalsbest sellerwide fitcomfortcasual sale shop by style shop all styleswallabeesdress shoescasual dress shoesloafers & slip onssandals & flip flopssneakersoriginals desert bootsbootsshop all stylesshop by collection torhill collectionatl outdoor collectionnature 5 nature x icons reimaginedronnie fieg collectionbeeswax leather collectioncraft sportssummer shopthe wedding collectionsustainability collection shop accessories socksshoe careslippersbeltswalletsshop all accessorieskidsshop by size crib & toddlers (size 0-10)little kids (size 10.5-3)big kids (size 3.5-7)shop by style all shoessneakerssandalsbootsoriginalsshop by collection originals frugi cloudsteppersfamily matchingpokémonbaby shoesshop all kids shop kids saleoriginalsshop originals shop mens all men's originalsnew arrivalsbootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsshop womens all women's originalsnew arrivalsbootsshoeswallabeesdesert bootsshop kids shop kids originalscollaborations ronnie fieg collectionpokémoncollections southwest surf collectionjacquard collectionsummer mulessaleshop sale styles featured mens markdownswomens markdownskids markdownswomens all salebootssandalscasual shoesdress shoesaccessoriesmens all salebootscasual shoesdress shoesaccessorieskids accessorieswomens all accessoriesslipperssocksshoe caremens all accessoriesbeltsslipperssocksshoe carewalletssustainability every move matters earth dayresponsible leatherorigin 2sustainability collectionmy accountstore locatorsubscribe to clarks emailsenter email addressselect from the boxes below to be the first to hear about our latest offers and new arrivals. kids originals clarks outlet bostonian select all join clarks terms & conditionsprivacy policyccpa privacy policyselect alldeselect all search the following text field filters the results that follow as you type. begin typing to search, use tab key to navigate suggested products, use enter or return to select your browser is out of date and will not be compatible with our website.please download one of the following browsers to be able to easily view our website. microsoft edge google chrome mozilla firefox frequently asked questions manage account order & payment shipping & delivery track my order returns gift cards privacy policy compare at pricing ratings & reviews size conversion guide faqs contact us your account why do i need to create an account? benefits of creating an account are so that: you are able to view your order history including your order status, and you can re-print order documents you can save your addresses for quicker and easier ordering next time we have your details in case we need to contact you about your order i have forgotten my password - how do i log in? visit the log in page, click the 'forgotten your password?' link, and put in your account email address in the box provided. once you've pressed the 'next' button, we'll send a new password to your email address. if you're still having problems, just give us a call. how do i change my personal details? to change any of your personal details – name, contact details, password – log in to your account via the log in page and click on 'change my details and password'. you can then make any changes you need to. how do i leave a review? find the product you've purchased and wish to rate, then scroll down the page to the 'review this product' link. a form will pop-up where you can leave a review and give the product a star rating. click submit my review hasn't appeared online...why is this? we need to make sure that all reviews are appropriate before publishing them so there may be a short delay before it appears on site. if for whatever reason your review doesn't meet our guidelines, we'll let you know and give you an opportunity to edit and re-submit your review. ordering & payment how many items can i order? we do limit orders to a maximum of 8 items up to the value of $1000, although you will be limited to 2 items of the same style/color. a message on screen will advise you, when ordering, if you exceed the basket limit. if you have any problems when placing an order please contact our customer care team. what payment methods can i use? we accept the following payment methods when they are registered to a us billing address: paypal, visa, mastercard, american express, discover, diners club, jcb and klarna. what is 'pay in 4 installments'? ‘pay in 4 installments’ is an alternative to traditional credit but without any interest, that allows you to split purchases into 4 payments. these payments will be automatically withdrawn from the debit/credit card you have on file with us every 2 weeks until the full order amount has been paid. in our app, you’ll also have the option to pay off a single installment or even the entire balance earlier if preferred. however, at this time it’s not possible to change the scheduled payment date to a later date. if your order is eligible for ‘pay in 4 installments’, you can select the option in the checkout and enter your debit or credit card information. as soon as the store ships your order, you will receive an email from klarna outlining your payment schedule and we will charge your card for the first quarter amount. your purchase and payments will then be visible and manageable in your klarna app. so make sure to download the klarna app to stay in full control and never miss a payment! good to know: there is no fee to use ‘pay in 4 installments’! find more information about your payment options with klarna here. which payment methods are accepted by klarna? klarna currently accepts all major debit and credit cards (i.e. mastercard, visa, amex, discover). please note, prepaid cards are not accepted. does klarna affect your credit score? when you choose to pay in 4 interest-free installments, klarna may perform a soft credit check. this type of check will not impact your credit score and it will not show up as a hard inquiry on your credit report. can i use a card that’s not registered in the us? no.  your credit card must have a us billing and shipping address. what should i do if my payment is refused when placing an order? if your credit or debit card has been refused, you can try resubmitting your order, or using a different card. for details on why your card was refused, please contact your card issuer. what are your delivery charges? fedex smartpost – free on all orders over $50 - 5 - 8 business days (after shipment notification) fedex ground – $8.95 – 3-6 business days (after shipment notification) fedex two day  – $18  – 2 business days for orders placed before 12pm est monday through friday; 3 business days for orders placed after 3pm est monday through friday fexex next day  – $26  – 1 business days for orders placed before 12pm est monday through friday; 2 business days for orders placed after 3pm est monday through friday us territories: usps – $20 –  8-12 business days (after shipment notification) can i have my shoes delivered to a different address to my billing address? yes, our delivery options will allow you to have your order delivered to work, home, or anywhere else as long as it's an address within the us or its territories. we currently can't deliver to the rest of the world. for international delivery and stockists, please visit clarks.com. can i change or modify my order? you can change your order any time before check-out, but once your order has been placed, it cannot be changed. can i cancel my order? once an order has been placed, it cannot be cancelled. do you deliver to apo/fpo addresses? yes, using the usps ship method. delivery can i track my order? yes, you can track your order two ways: log into your account by clicking on the login page link at the very top of the page. in your account, click on my orders to see all of your current and previous orders. visit the order lookup page and enter your order number and 5-digit shipping zip code. i placed my order in store - how do i track it? if you placed your order in a clarks retail store, and your receipt has a special order id, simply type the number into the track by reference field on fedex.com, then click track.  if there is a remote send id on your receipt, please contact the store where you originally made the purchase and they can provide tracking information. please note that your package will arrive 7-10 business days after placing the order. i bought a pair of shoes at their full price, but the day after they went into the sale – can i get the difference refunded? no. once an item has been ordered online, the price is fixed. we do not offer price adjustments. i have a promotional/coupon code, where do i enter it? to apply a coupon code/discount to your order, the code must be entered into the promo code field located underneath your order. this is a box on the final order review page before clicking the ‘proceed to payment’ button and will require the ‘apply’ button to be clicked once entered. my promotional code has not worked on my order; how do i apply this? please check the terms and conditions of the promotion to make sure the items you are purchasing are eligible for the discount and that the discount code is still valid. once an order has been placed, we are unable to add a promotional code to it. you can still return the order to any of our stores with the coupon and they will refund the difference for you. can i use my discount code in store? please check the terms and conditions of the promotion; if available in store, you will need to present the voucher in store either by printing it out or showing it on your phone. can i buy shoe care online? yes! shoe care is available both online and in clarks retail stores. click here to purchase online! the item i want is out of stock; is there any way i can be told when it is back in stock? not yet, but very soon! check back for updates! returns what is your returns policy? we want you to be delighted with your purchase, but if you are not fully satisfied, simply return your unworn product within 60 days for a full refund. online purchases:visit our simple online returns portal and ship your unworn product back to us with your return paperwork or visit a clarks retail store near you. in-store purchases: please return your unworn product with the original receipt to your nearest clarks retail store within 60 days for a full refund or exchange. if you do not have your original receipt, or if it's been longer than 60 days, you will be issued a store credit for the current retail price of the unworn product. will i receive a notification when you have refunded me? if you have ordered online, you will receive an email to let you know that we have received your return and a refund has been processed. how long will it take for you to refund me? if you return your order to your local store, the refund will be processed immediately. if you return them through our online process, your refund will process after we receive and inspect your unworn products at our warehouse. you will receive an email confirming your return has been processed. once processed, refunds should reflect on your account within 10 business days. if you received a gift in the wrong size or color, you can return it (with your packing slip) to any clarks or clarks outlet to receive a gift card for the original price paid. our gift cards can be redeemed at clarks or clarks outlet locations, and also on our website. all refunds are issued to the original method(s) of payment. if you paid for your order with a clarks gift card, your refund will be issued in the form of a new gift card. do you offer exchanges for online orders? we do not offer direct exchanges for online orders at this time. for more details, please visit our returns page. are shipping fees refunded if i return my order? we do not refund delivery charges when orders are returned. i bought an item that was later reduced in price. can i get a refund on the difference? no. once an item has been ordered the price is fixed. what happens if i return an item i paid for in a clarks store? unfortunately, our warehouse does not have the information it would require for us to automatically refund you when you return items bought in a clarks store. to process your refund, we will contact you once we have received the return to take the relevant information. however, if you return your items to a clarks store, the refund will be processed immediately. why is my order not eligible for return? your item(s) may be ineligible for return if your order has exceeded 60 days from the time that the order was purchased. faulty goods will be accepted within 6 months of purchase. can i return my klarna order to a clarks store? no, online orders paid for using klarna cannot be refunded in store, please return to our distribution center for a refund to your original payment method. i’ve lost my returns label, how can i obtain a replacement? once you have logged your return through our online returns portal, you will receive an email with your returns label and qr code attached. if you do not have the email, you can contact us and we will be able to issue a replacement. measure & fit - help & support the shoe size i ordered for my child, based on measurements using the foot measuring gauge, didn't fit. why is this? measuring your child's feet at home using one of our foot measuring gauges is a good starting point to finding out your child's clarks shoe size. however, the styling, construction or materials of individual styles can affect the fit. for the most accurate measurement of your child's feet, help choosing a style and, a full fit check we would always recommend visiting one of our trained fitters in store. how do i use the gauge? inside the box your gauge came in, you'll find a set of instructions which provide a step-by-step guide to using it. if you have lost these instructions, you can print off a new set by visiting our guide to using your foot measuring gauge on this website. what gauge do i need to buy? inside the box your gauge came in, you'll find a set of instructions which provide a step-by-step guide to using it. if you have lost these instructions, you can print off a new set by visiting our guide to using your foot measuring gauge on this website. what gauge do i need to buy? there are two clarks' foot measuring gauges – a toddler gauge and a junior gauge. the gauge you need will depend on your child's current shoe size. view available gauges. my child is measuring as a size that you do not have in stock if you are struggling to find a style in your child's size we would recommend visiting your local clarks store and speaking to one of our fitting experts. my child has orthotics, what size do you recommend? if your child has orthotics, we would recommend that you visit your local clarks store to ensure the best fit. clarks gift cards where can i buy a gift card? gift cards can be purchased online here as well as by visiting and clarks retail store. how will my gift card be delivered? gift cards purchased online will be sent according to the shipping method you select upon checkout. how can i check my gift card balance? you can visit our gift card balance and enter the 19 digit card number and 4 digit pin found on the back of the card. can i use my gift card as a partial payment? yes, you can pay the difference with your credit or debit card online and in store, or cash in store. can multiple cards be redeemed at once? yes, you can use up to three gift cards to pay for a single purchase online. what if i need to cancel my gift card? once a gift card has been purchased, we are unable to refund you or cancel the gift card. when can i discard my gift card? if you have depleted the funds on your gift card, please allow up to 90 days after placing your last order to discard the gift card. this will allow us to refund your card should you choose to return an item within our 60 day return period. still need help? contact us! visit our contact page to get in touch with our customer care team! scroll to topcontact us email address clarks newsletter > join our list x departments womens mens originals kids styles & stories sale blog help product recall customer service shipping & delivery order lookup returns compare at pricing faqs id.me faqs in-store rewards program terms in-store rewards program faqs accessibility about clarks about us affiliate program careers california - do not sell my info california supply chains act corporate responsibility technologies cookie policy clarksusa.com gift cards gift card balance size guide shoe care guide terms & conditions privacy policy ccpa privacy policy © c. & j. clark international 2023. clarks and the clarks logo are registered trademarks of c. & j. clark international limited. c&j clark america, inc., 140 kendrick street, needham, ma 02494 payments accepted