来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230092128/http://www.bluecotton.com/feedback.html
================================================================================

bluecotton customer feedback home screen printing t-shirts embroidered shirts and apparel t-shirt design ideas help 1.800.536.1435 cart account login saved designs order status customer feedback packages arrived late last night- the shirts look great! i cannot tell you how much we appreciate the expeditious manner in which you and your team produced and shipped these shirts (especially in light of the fact that it was the holiday season). bluecotton is a class act, and you have earned our chapter's business from now on. -- j. williams hi, chelsea! the shirt arrived today. i am very impressed. i recommended to the president of our chapter that we order the other 59 shirts. thanks so much for your excellent craftsmanship and service. best regards to you and amy kate. -- b. friedman my son received your package in annapolis in advance of his birthday, and the other half of the order just arrived here with me. the shirts are fantastic. i don't know how blue cotton produces custom embroidery at such a reasonable price, but i am one very happy customer. i'll be back! -- j. cullinan i just received my first order from you guys and it is fabulous!! i'm completely satisfied with how your company took my design and brought it into being. thanks. i've already placed my next order and i can see many more coming in the future. -- g. cope brittany, thank you so much! the shirts turned out excellent, couldn't be happier with bluecotton :). very truly, -- b. gee awesome job on the every child shirts for joseph's hope foundation. brittany and elaine were great. can't wait to work with them on a project for our golf tournament fundraiser. -- b. harmon i appreciate you and your company's fast response times to email inquiries. i have tried to work with at least 3 other shirt printing companies who were either slow to respond or non-responsive at all. it diminishes my confidence in doing business with them, but i'm glad to see bluecotton.com operates this way. -- b. nguyen i just wanted to let you know that our shirts look great and the kids are pumped about wearing them. the textured ink looks amazing. thanks bluecotton!. -- a. bowersox we at the dbc frat would like to thank you. the shirts that we ordered are great! -- j. sedgwick bluecotton is by far the best place to have shirts made! -- j. kidd we are very pleased our order and the service bluecotton provides. i will be referring bluecotton to all my friends!! -- s. caprarulo i ordered shirts from bluecotton and they turned out fabulous! -- c. hum jamie, thank you so much! i sincerely appreciate the time you took to help me; i am very impressed with bluecotton and will definitely be a return customer, thanks to your great customer service skills. i consider this type of service as going above and beyond what i would normally expect thanks again! -- t beaton thank you very much brittany. i will recommend your shirt service to all my other friends in other bands because your service is the best i purchased!!! -- n kooz i just wanted to follow up and say that - once again - bluecotton did an exceptional job with my order. i am a repeat customer and have had very different needs each time i've customized a product. every time i've ordered, the craftsmanship, customer service, and speedy delivery exceed my expectations. thank you for all your hard work! -- e. allen you guys are awesome. if the shirts turn out half as good as bluecotton's help and performance has been, i'm sure i will be well pleased. -- r coldwell first time ordering from bluecotton. i loved the easy design program and the great affordable pricing. i am looking forward to getting the shirts!!! -- c. pesesky i am so please to working with your company! great quality, great prices, and great customer service! -- s davis jamie, i just handed out the shirts to my students for our competition tomorrow. they all tried them on and they look great!! we have had many compliments about the shirts. i am so glad i chose bluecotton for our team shirts!!! -- m. moriarty brittany, we have been incredibly pleased with using your company this year, you have been a pleasure to work with. i will be recommending bluecotton to all my friends and will definitely keep you in mind for any future projects! -- s. davis brittany, our shirts arrived today and they look great! thank you so much for all your help getting them to me in time for the party on friday. the girls will be delighted! -- k. klitenic chelsea, the shirts did indeed arrive on schedule. they look great! as i expected, once others got a good glance at them there is already some interest in purchasing some more. again, thank you for all your help. you have very prompt with all your responses and that is greatly appreciative. i plan to use bluecotton each year for our softball jerseys and anything in between seasons. thanks! -- s shankle i received my shirts today! they are awesome! i have told other teams about your company!! thanks you so much bluecotton! -- c zumhingst i received my order yesterday, it looked very, very cool! very quickly shipped, too! i will buy from you again! -- l. fincher i just got my t-shirt today and i wanted to say that it looks awesome! i'm very pleased, thank you! -- n. lettunich i wanted to thank bluecotton for the great job on my shirts. the quality of silk screen is night and day compared to the other big online company i used. not to mention the price was considerably lower. i will not hesitate to use you again. -- c rounick hi brittany, i just recieved my shirt today, and i am extremely happy with it. the letters look great, and it came out exactly how i wanted it to. thanks for all your help. -- s. kunka brittany, we got our order today and it looks great. thanks again and we look foward to working with you in the future. -- m. baxter hi jamie, i just wanted to let you know that my package just arrived and that it arrived exactly when you promised it would, in perfect condition. the tank tops look absolutely incredible, the colors are fantastic, and i am flying out to see my family tomorrow and taking them all with me -- i know they will love them!! thank you for all of your help, from you and the other staff members -- i will never hesitate to recommend you guys as my #1 provider for t-shirts!! thanks again! -- e kubitskey i just got the shirt, and i love it. i will be ordering more for our technicians and other office staff. our order was perfect!! thanks! -- j. woolcock our shirts arrived today and they look great! thank you so much for all your help getting them to me in time for the party on friday. the girls will be delighted! thanks again -- k klitenic jamie, thank you very much! i do have to say this has been the easiest process. your website was fantastic. it was easy to maneuver and to design the shirts. also the shirts shipped out really fast for being free shipping. and to top it off with the great customer service that you have provided. we'll definitely use bluecotton again. thanks so much again! -- n. denny not only does blue cotton offer quality product at fair prices, but the customer service is superb! that is definitely hard to find in 2010!! -- s. higgs megan -- that is absolutely phenomenal! i deeply appreciate your help and ask that you thank your manager for me as well. i will certainly be a repeat customer and will encourage others to use you guys as well. thank you so much! -- l. dunn hi amy, wanted to thank you for all your help through out this process. you have been very helpfull... i wish every representative out in the world was a good as you on their job. it looks like i am going to receive the package today!!!! thank you again. -- c. tsongos i designed and ordered t-shirts for my youth soccer team. the shirts are great and have high quality printing! in fact, the parents wished they'd gotten some for themselves. i looked around for companies that do online t-shirt designs. bluecotton had the best designer -- very easy to use, great templates, good clip. -- e. holmes bluecotton rocks! i've ordered many times for team hope, a group supporting two of our friends recently diagnosed with cancer and they present quality products within the time frame provided. i'd do business with them anytime! -- j. nugent we received our order yesterday and the shirts look amazing!! you really did a great job. thanks again, and we will definitely be using your company again in the future -- s puchalski the shirts arrived today and they look great!!! we'll be ordering again soon. -- m. domitrovich our tees arrived just in time for our puppy reunion party and they were terrific! everyone loved them, thank you so much. -- d. cavaliers received shirts on the day indicated, great quality! thanks! -- p. sadwick i just received my company's shirt order and i'd like to say that you all more than exceeded our expectations! they look absolutely fabulous, and you did a fantastic job even down to the smallest detailing. i don't think there is a better company around and honestly, what a deal for such quality printing. we plan to order more of these shirts and are already working on our next design! thanks again! -- e. o'brien we received the order-they look incredible! we can't wait to order more next week!! -- e penprase bluecotton worked very diligently to get our t-shirts done in a short time and the outcome was fantastic. everyone in our organization was very pleased with the artwork . the staff was very pleasant and great to work with . we will be using bluecotton for future orders. -- l. spencer we received our order yesterday & i absolutely love them!! thanks bluecotton! -- j. dougherty we just received our order and everything looks great. you guys do a terrific job. will continue to use bluecotton for all our business! -- j. begin i just received my order and its looks awesome! thank you bluecotton! we will be ordering again! -- a. farris we received our order today and shirts look great! thanks bluecotton! -- k. cain we ordered shirts for our family vacation. everyone loved the shirts! thanks bluecotton! -- a. caspar im just writing back to let you know that you guys did an amazing job on the shirts i ordered. they were honestly far better than i had expected (seeing as i've gone through a few places and the quality wasn't that good for how much i paid) my fans, family and fellow wrestlers are going to eat these things up. once again thank you for the good work and how quick you got them to me. (!!) -- r.green i received my shipment earlier than expected and the shirts are awesome...exactly what i wanted. i will be doing business with bluecotton again and spreading the words to all my friends about how awesome bluecotton is! -- n alex i received my order. everything looks perfect and the shirts came just in time as our first game is tomorrow. thank you so much! -- d haff jamie, i recently received the order and just want to say thanks to you and your team. you helped me out so much and eased my concerns when trying to reach my deadline. my daughter opened this box like it was christmas morning! thank you so much again. i will be recommending not only you as someones personal customer service representative but also bluecotton for their outstanding customer service, great product and turnaround time that exceeded my expectation. -- a. prokofiev bluecotton home | screen printing | embroidered shirts | about us | saved designs | login | site map | design studio | message board affiliates | privacy policy | money back guarantee | specialty groups | bluecotton blog | contact us payment processing © 2007 bluecotton. all rights reserved.site developed by hitcents and bluecotton call us at 1.800.536.1435tshirts@bluecotton.com free shippingon all orders with standard delivery(continental us only) rush ordersnow available!more info