来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231122859/http://www.bluecotton.com/feedback.html
================================================================================

bluecotton feedback long sleeve tees on sale now! help | order status | saved designs | cart | login need help? talk to a live person: call 1.800.536.1435 or start live chat design ideas our services printing embroidery sewn-on our products t-shirts women's youth athletic corporate totes & bags design studio customer feedback service was great and fast and my students loved the shirts. -- k. switzer the web site is easy to use and has lots of options . i have and will in the future recommend your company to others. the customer service was excellent. i always got a happy, helpful person. -- j. satterlee very good quality and it's great that they are eco friendly! -- v. mills having a specific person handling the order was great. when i had a question i called the number i was given and that person answered the phone and actually talked to me. yay. -- g. howard i sincerely appreciated your customer service. the item was a christmas gift and it was delivered on time (before christmas) thanks to a friendly email from your customer service person. -- d. meyer the order i made showed up a few days before christmas...just in time! thank you so much! the shirt looked great and my dad loved it. again, thank you! -- z. stamey bluecotton was so easy to use. i got exactly what i wanted, when i wanted it, and am thrilled with the results. thank you! -- j. dana very good product for the price. staff is very responsive and helpful honoring any request that you may have. i needed to change the size of one of my t-shirts, it was done almost right after i sent out the email. the shirts look awesome, they were exactly how i wanted them to turn out. would highly recommend this company to anyone. -- t. feger second time ordering from your company! love the quality of your products! your shipment was well organized and made the distribution so easy for us! -- s. tarzia very high quality work. came when promised. -- m. reynolds great job, fast service, happy with the whole experience. -- s. farquhar got picked for free expedited shipping! a nice surprise! -- m. barbarick i really enjoyed doing business for the second time with blue cotton. once again, everything was handled seamlessly from start to finish. i will definitely use bluecotton again in the future. keep up the great work! -- b. mcisaac great job...great service...fast turnaround! great prices also...will use you guys again! -- w. harrison great speed of production -- p. delta chapter the color and designs were perfect, right on the spot. the members of my anime club all loved their shirts very much and the price was outstanding. thank you very much. -- m. elmasian good quality shirts. i would definitely recommend to my friends. -- j. bredthauer you're website made the ordering very easy to use with our company logo. also your pricing was the most reasonable that i could find. when we received the shirts we were more than pleased with the final product and will absolutely use you again in the future. -- j. gartner printing looks great!!! -- d. fowler i accidently didnt order enough sweatshirts. i immediatly contacted nicole my service representative and she emailed me back within a couple of minutes. i also talked with her on the phone she was very friendly and helpful and fixed my order with no problems!!!!! i definately plan to buy from you again! -- j. benjamin excellent and fast customer service! emails were responded to promptly! will order all my shirts here in the future. shirts arrived at my door in 10 days with free shipping. -- j. zhang will order more of my shirts soon. customer service was friendly and great. thank you -- s. horowitz great material & service! got here a week ahead of schedule and greatly appreciated! -- k. frazier this is the first item i have purchased on this website and i'd have to say that the shirt i got fulfilled my needs that other sites could not provide. -- j. yang very good customer support. -- v. nakagawa very satisfied with my order. printing was excellent. i'll be placing future orders. -- f. munshower very good customer support. -- v. nakagawa we were very pleased with the t shirt order. we will definitely use you again and have recommended you to others. we received many compliments from everyone!! thanks! -- g. lock i was impressed with the return responses to my emails. -- m. mccrady very good website and customer service. called to change my order to speed up delivery and person i spoke with was very helpful and courteous. -- s. goodspeed loved how easy it was to order! -- a. mcgowan my designs came over perfectly on the t-shirt. thanks! -- h. rees it was really easy to create my design, and i received it earlier than i expected. very happy! -- a. shelton great customer service, fast shipping. it was very easy to design them and order them. i will order from you guys again! thank you! -- c. lee i was very impressed by the speed, pricing, and quality of our t-shirts! -- b. dewald very helpful customer service, great prices, quick shipment, good quality shirts, nice designs, easy to customize -- l. williams our sweatshirt look great! thanks so much for all your hard work and very timely service. i would gladly order from you and recommend your website to everyone looking for custom shirts. thanks again. os1 tara slaughter uscgc dallas charleston, sc -- t. slaughter the website is very easy to use and required no extra help or assistance from employees. if i did need help, i'm sure the customer service would do a brilliant job helping me. -- t. lee we are a repeat customer and plan to come back several more times!! -- d. reimer i only ordered one shirt and i thought the price was incredibly cheap to design and ship one shirt. great deal! -- d. johnson i am the faculty adviser to a singing group on campus (washington college in maryland) who ordered the shirts to wear at their concerts. they think the shirts are terrific! -- g. clarke i am thrilled with the option to chat for help while placing the order. shannon was very helpful, actually her looking into our size issue for a child, and walking me through the ordering process of different shirts same design is the reason i ordered with you. -- t. kenn great website have ordered several times. -- b. werlinger the design studio is far superior to many others that i tried before coming to bluecotton.com. there are many more options and it lets you create the designs that you actually want. -- b. degroat the quality is really great; everyone said the hoodies were exceptionally comfortable. customer service response time was prefect. -- j. green shannon and stacey were absolutely wonderful and helped me every step of the way. i was able to create my order and make the design available to my whole brigade from iraq! thank you!!! -- g. koym we were very pleased with our order. we also really appreciated being chosen as the customer of the day. what a pleasant surprise! -- a. toothman great job.you do beautiful work at a fair price. -- m. coyne fantastic quality at the lowest price i could find. i've already recommended it to a friend. -- d. cianci i liked everything about the ordering processes and the emails. great communication and the price was good. -- e. lund i was extremely impressed with the quality of the product. i was a little apprehensive with an online place, but i was pleasantly surprised. the customer service was great and very friendly. overall, great experience and great product. -- j. janda love the t-shirts. love your staff. -- s. addington great customer service... speedy delivery... guaranteed delivery... can't beat that -- k. maryska absolutely love our jdrf walk shirts. the site was the easiest to use to create our shirts-second to none. thank you for making it easy and smooth. quick shipping too! -- c. hill service was great! -- a. buzzacco the shirts were exactly as designed and delivery within 5 days. the local shops could not come close to that schedule without a substantial cost penalty -- c. graber i will recommend this company for sure. i like the prices and customer service is always respond back when needed. if someone ask where do we order this shirts - i will just tell them from bluecotton.com -- a. demko bluecotton has a huge variety of designs that i was able to work from. their prices are fair and their quality is amazing. delivered on time, too! i will definitly be ordering from them again! -- j. hansen this was the first time i ever dealt with customer service by phone and everyone i talked was wonderful - professional and helpful. thank you!! -- t. stovall bluecotton has a huge variety of designs that i was able to work from. their prices are fair and their quality is amazing. delivered on time, too! i will definitly be ordering from them again! -- j. hansen i was very happy with the screening on our tanks and your customer services. leann in particular helped me with one of our orders and i was very pleased on how quickly she responded to my emails! thank you! -- v. lopez very easy self-service website. made a small mistake in my order and called customer service, and was very satisfied with my experience. -- j. gronberg loved the quality, it was just as appeared on the computer. would order from here again, and i've already been recommending this site to others. -- l. salander bluecotton makes people happy. :) your service is very user friendly and your staff is awesome at responding in a timely manner. i'm still ecstatic about my product and will definitely use bluecotton again! thank you! -- e. gray wonderful customer service (we had spelling errors we didn't cathc, and i was notified of them!), great product, fast delivery. very happy! -- p. dawson order arrived the day you said it would and the shirts looked great! -- j. mikhail shirt came out awesome!! size and color were perfect! -- m. brown friendly folk with great accents. -- s. parvin i had so much fun designing my t-shirts on the bluecotton site. i appreciated the variety of your clip art and really appreciated the sample t-shirt designs to use as a guide in using all of the clip art! the quick delivery time was a life saver for my project. -- s. roush i recieved my shirt and immediately feel in love with it. i was already pleased with how easy it was to make the shirt of my choice but once actually receiving it, i was overwhelmed. i will defianetly be ordering from here again! :) -- a. johnson got my invoice easily, everything came on time without a hassle -- a. marino the quality is great and i really appreciate the quick processing of our order. -- j. fugleberg fast shippment & everything was great, thanks! -- j. dougherty fast service, happy with product... -- c. gabriel my order went flawlessly. i was so pleased with my shirt for homecoming and they were a huge hit! we loved them so much!! -- m. helget great products, great service -- a. blanco we shopped around a lot before choosing your company. we found your prices coupled with the quality of the t-shirts you sell were by far the best deal. shipping was fast and we absolutely love how our design came out. we are placing a bigger order soon. thank you. -- s. tarrabe very great process! timely shipping! great -- a. placke i loved the ability to design our own shirts! i worked with a group of freshmen girls to design powder puff shirts, and they were able to create the shirt themselves. less work for me:) -- s. moore great customer service- can't be beat! -- j. windover loved the t-shirts. great quality and received on time. -- p. smith i've used your services in the past and will continue doing do, i'm always pleased with the design tools, shirt quality and final printing. -- b. parr i worked with leann and she was very helpful, professional, cheerful and prompt at solving a minor issue. thanks leann!! i will be ordering from bluecotton again , for sure!! -- s. polsfuss both people i talked (or emailed) with at your company were very nice to deal with. when i called to check on the status of our order, they could not tell me on the phone what was going on. however, they found out and emailed me back. for some reason our order had an error (which you found before you shipped it) and it had to be re-run. even then, we got our shirts in a very timely manner. -- j. tuggle great quality shirts and printing! awesome job! -- m. hollingsworth there was a slight problem with the order but it was corrected immediately and the representatives were extremely polite and helpful! -- a. sanabia i ordered the wrong items, but bluecotton resolved my situation courteously and professionally. i appreciate the fact that they have a wide variety of desgns/logos that customers can customize. erin@ customer service was very pleasant and knowledgable about their products. i highly recommend bluecotton for all your custom designs, whether it's 1-10,000 products! thank you del -- d. dearco the web design interface is awesome, easy to use and feature rich -- j. pader my daughter, now a young adult, mentioned in passing how much she loved a tee shirt she had when she was little. the tee shirt had an ogden nash quote on it and an octopus. i surfed the net for quite a while until i found bluecotton. the site is easily navigable and when i saw the shirt, was pleasantly surprised how nice the quality of shirt was and how good the printing was. ps-my daughter was thrilled with the shirt and the fact that bluecotton used environmentally safe dyes. thank you so very much, my daughter was really touched. -- k. lanewala our shirts are awesome and we received them with time to spare (something that hasn't happened often with other companies). -- m. atencio great dealing with you guys! -- c. vance the order went flawlessly -- j. erickson i haven't seen the hats yet as they were a gift and sent directly to the recipient, but he is extremely pleased with them and wants to order a lot more. -- a. sims your system was easy to use and the t-shirt looks great!!! -- l. west because my order was less than six garments, the graphics were not edited by the editing/design department, so one of the shirts image coloring was slightly off... i'm hoping that in the future bluecotton can provide editing to all customers regardless of quantity ordered... other than that, i love bluecotton and will continue to use their services! -- a. wyndham the only problem is the time to long for one shirt but the rest is a-ok really i am in the best satisfaction and i will buy more staff from you.. -- m. munoz -- m. stewart very easy to design and order. the shirts are very good quality. -- r. cady very pleased with ease of design and user interface. easy designing with great results. thanks. -- c. devine i like that you assign an actual customer service person for each order. it was nice knowing who i could contact if i had a question or issue. the shirts i ordered arrived sooner than expected and looked exactly as i expected, so overall it was a good experience. -- k. fletcher -- m. graff got my t-shirts earlier than expected, but did not recieve a confirmation email unitl a week after i ordered them. -- a. buzzacco -- m. king all the staff involved were very courtious, helpful, and welcoming. they were in contact with my son to help with his design. thank you very much. shirts were of good quality. other parents approved the printing of the disign as well. -- t. pham all the staff involved were very courtious, helpful, and welcoming. they were in contact with my son to help with his design. thank you very much. shirts were of good quality. other parents approved the printing of the disign as well. -- t. pham -- l. do vale really fun and easy to design t-shirts on your website! once i decided on a design, ordering was simple and delivery was fast! thanks! -- m. fite -- j. hansen -- r. hunold -- j. weldy everything was great. -- s. deck the web interface was almost good but seemed to confuse the two different shirts being produced. -- j. griffin -- m. scott this was a good experience from start to finish--working with your software, the resulting shirt design, the shirt itself and the phone follow-up. thank you. -- l. lumpkin i loved the shirts. it would be awesome if they came with a non-stinky fresh printed smell, but it goes away the first wash. i do wish they were a little cheaper though. -- m. jones excellent quality products. easy to navigate web site easy to set up your own order great detail super fast shipping -- b. tidrick blue cotton was absolutely wonderful to work with. the customer service at the order end and the art design end is phenomenal! i could not have wished for an easier experience getting our t=shirts done! -- m. shepard the shirts turned out amazing thank you so much!!!!! -- k. richard i love that the shirts come when they say they will come. it may be a few days earlier but never later. i appreciate the feedback from customer service as well. -- b. wells good product, on time, on budget,nice support people! (great web design app) -- m. coats great quality product. you helped me fix my shirt even though i was only ordering a small quantity. -- d. evolution wonderful and prompt service. -- m. alvarez my order was completed quickly and arrived a few days early, which was a pleasant surprise. the design and colors came out nicely on the shirts, and after a few washes in the laundry they still look new. i'm very pleased with the quality of the shirts and the service, not to mention the price which was cheaper for the same product than any other site i found. i would definitely order from them again! -- a. nguyen no complaints. i love how you can order just 1 t-shirt -- r. brester blue cotton t-shirts quality is good and the design studio is excellent to upload from my pc of the personel pictures that i had collected in art and others! -- a. ladisa the websie was great. follow up was appreciated and delivery were prompt and as promised. -- g. levick super easy, super simple process!!!! -- s. holda need to ensure my graphics are larger on the design screen so they print larger next time. -- w. mascaro thank you for your great customer service! our order of 80 shirts for the university marching band was great! -- b. shamoun staff was very friendly. shirts came when i needed them. -- c. becker this was much more prompt and was of a better quality than the first order i received from you. i am very pleased! -- c. sackes the design was exactly as shown on the screen! the quallity of the t-shirt was excellent! -- t. sims great shirt, had to make some size changes and customer service worked with me to get it fixed fast. -- d. frye very nice shirts, good communication and fast delivery. -- m. beauchem i carefully ,easier women's shirts we purchased based on your size cart and conversation ankd they were quite a bit smaller which necessitated a second order. sizing for men's was excellent for dry-fit sizing -- v. somerville everything was just as i expected, the only thing that concerned me was that it took a while to get a notification about the progress.. what i mean is that i didn't get an email two days later with the 'proof' as the confirmation said i would. but i emailed them, and they sent me the tracking number pretty soon as a reply. i'm pretty pleased with my purchase, and i would definitely recommend bluecotton to a friend. -- l. louzada -- h. monroy i wish the pricing structure was more competitive with other online companies. -- s. barringer i have purchased custom shirts from many different vendors in the past and must say that blue cotton has blown them away. they have great service and reasonable prices and will order from them again. -- j. ninete i loved how easy it was to design my own shirt, there are so many options available to make it personal. ordering was easy and shipping was fast. i will definitely be back! -- j. orr the shirts look great. can't wait to distribute them to the rest of the guys for the bachelor party. the shirts look exactly like i designed them on the online design system. moreover, the design program is easy to use and was great for making changes and edits. -- c. moenig prices were similar to competitors but i loved the color selection for the t-shirts (much better than competitors). also liked the vinegar dye (though it was stinky, but small price to pay). -- c. kelsey we love using blue cotton! you have always met or exceeded our expectations on customer service and quality! i do have to make on suggestion though - add more colors to the 2456 american apparel short sleeve v-neck! we love those shirts but need more colors! -- k. gregory everything about my order went perfectly! thanks so much!! i will always order my key club t-shirts from blue cotton. -- j. hydes there is some fear ordering this type of custom product over the internet, you cant see it or feel it before you pay.... once it got here everything was as i had hoped. -- j. joblon great design studio! shirts always come out exactly as we design them! -- e. edwards the customer service was amazing! everyone was so friendly! i was also blown away by the low cost of the shirts compared to other sites. the quaity of the product is fantastic! -- s. gesling website very easy to use. items were delivered on time. -- j. baker good quality shirts. prompt service. delivered ahead of time. overall a perfect 5/5 -- s. lingala very easy to work with! order was processed swiftly and customer service was great!! -- t. whiting there was a small issue with our product. the names on the back of the shirt were neglected to be printed when they were initially sent. but the customer service from getting them back to your company, fixed, and sent back was excellent. -- j. richman super fast to get my order to me, i would have been in big trouble if you didn't so i thank you guys kindly! -- t. milner shirts came out great - just like online! design, pricing, ordering was easy. thank you! -- m. potter the "team mclucas" baseball shirt i got was really good its comfortable thin and its was a perfect size letters came out great also -- a. rivera easy to use website and online design tool. great customer service! -- k. fetty i prefer 100 percent cotton t shirts -- t. lardner the website was really easy to use, prices were good, and the t-shirts came really quickly after i had placed the order. haven't actually worn the t-shirts yet but they look wonderful. -- s. hendzell the shirts are of good quality. received them in a timely manner. when calling to ask questions, very helpful! -- k. fuqua the shirts we ordered for our daughter's birthday celebration are beautiful. the customer service and graphic design team were great to deal with , and helped us come up with a great keepsake shirt! -- v. marino i meant to call the company and thank them more personally but this is the best service i have ever received from any company i have ever ordered from. they were friendly, helpful and wanted to make sure you were happy with your order. they called me on my phone the morning after i sent the order in to check my shipping information and let me know they started the ordered. all my friends are in love with the shirts and i might have to do a second order. thank you so so much for giving such great customer service. i have referred my friends to your company. -- l. yeider i have ordered mulitple times from blue cotton now and i'm always pleased. -- b. bland very fast delivery and a good quality product -- w. lamb bluecotton values me as a customer. i am impressed with their excellence and follow up on feedback. hoo-yah bluecotton! dayton r, major usaf (r.) -- m. rogalski, usaf (r the web design process was excellent - very easy for the art- and design-challenged! -- j. meyer i have to say, your company is amazing!! i searched around with a lot of the other services, and read reviews that their print quality was not that good, and that's why their pricing was so cheap. i'm all about quality, and for what i paid, you guys went above and beyond. i couldn't be how good it was! i only ordered two shirts, and thought that not much attention would be paid for just two shirts. your company takes pride in what it does, and certainly makes sure all orders are perfect, regardless of the quantity. thank you so much for making my shirts awesome, and i will definitely be recommending to other friends! -- c. hoang micah was super helpful and friendly. both shirts look fabulous. the quality of the shirt and the printing were both top-notch. thanks! -- s. benton the quality of the shirt is excellent, the order was processed in a timely manner, and my son and his classmates were very pleased with their shirts. in fact, we need to order one or two more for the other trumpet players and will recommend your product for other students anytime. -- t. kerr it worked out perfectly and my colleague loved the shirt!! -- s. rappeport this shirts that you made were a huge hit between my friends and i. i expect to order more! prices and shipping were excellent and timely. thank you so much! -- j. balderelli very easy to order and easy to use your design studio as well. -- k. haines great shirts...perfect fit for everyone -- n. sawyers the design studio is very easy to use, the prices are very competitive and the quality of the products is top notch. -- a. supplies great quality. quick service. will be ordering again from bluecotton for sure -- s. toelupe it worked out perfectly and my colleague loved the shirt!! -- s. rappeport everything was great. good quality silk screening and good quality shirts. thanks -- f. harris very happy about the delivery time and the price. -- c. gray excellent reproduction of image with a very fast turn around time -- f. fowler gross ordering was easy and simple. email exchange was prompt. -- g. enos very pleased with how the whole process went. i really liked how the customer can design using templates on their own so they can see what exactly their product will look like right away. customer service was great when i needed to correct my order. -- p. breit t-shirts were printed very nicely and delivery was fast. -- j. mccann there were some problems with my design, so the blue cotton team notified me and walked me through the process to obtain the best results. i am overjoyed with my sweatshirt, the quality and look of it, and the speed of it's delivery. thank you blue cotton! i will definitely buy from you again. -- j. horne the service i received was great!! the set up for making the shirt was soo nice and the design system was great. i got the shirts sooner than i was supposed to which was also a nice surprise! -- t. ramachandran great service...you guys really make this easy. -- b. bement your on line website was easy to use and when i had a question - the information i received over the phone was very helpful too! the shirts looked exactly like what i ordered! -- j. steinmetz i've already recommended bluecotton to another friend. :) -- k. miller very nice website and service. user friendly! -- b. schiesser everything was great. good quality silk screening and good quality shirts. thanks -- f. harris placing the order was simply no problems. -- t. anderson i am very pleased with my shirts i ordered! bluecotton was the cheapest place for the shirts i wanted. the quality of the shirts are outstanding also! i've never recieved an item so fast either. i recieved my shirts just one day after they were shipped. thanks so much! -- j. wetzel shirt quality was great and the artwork i provided was reproduced exactly as i wanted it. very happy with what i got. definitely ordering again. -- t. hatch we love our shirts and the logos turned out fantastic! we will order again! -- s. mccurdy very good service! -- a. blanco it was an easy process. i was able to upload my company logo to the shirts i wanted in a few clicks and that was it. i received my shirts in a few days. -- b. alligood i ordered 2 shirts for my 2nd anniversary and they came in and i love themmmmm!!! my husband is absolutely in love with his shirt. so am i ty, for doin such amazing work! -- a. grim easy setup - many more customization options and design flexibility than other sites - excellent quality tshirts & printing. couldn't be happier with the final product. a+++ thank you!!! -- a. martinez you take small orders. the order process was easy and streamlined. the quality was excellent. -- t. williams dear blue cotton, i was planning on sending you a note to tell you how happy i am w/ your service. the design studio was easy to use, the t-shirts looked exactly as i thought they would, the price was great, and when i called in to ask a question the woman i spoke with was pleasant and helpful. couldn't ask for more. in the unlikely event that i again need custom t-shirts, i'll be back to your web site. ellen liebman -- e. liebman very easy to order off the web site. got them very fast too. -- s. dullinger this is the 4th time we've ordered small quantities of t-shirts for special family occasions. the product and service i get is every bit as good as if i'd ordered case loads. we'll be back again! -- b. blint your customer service is absolutely fantastic! i have already recommended you to several friends and will definitely use you for my upcoming family reunion. -- a. neeley great quality! great price! helpful customer service! -- s. helland i was beyond pleased with my order from your company. i will being ordering again from you and will be recommending you to everyone. -- k. kaskus excellent customer service all around. shirts arrived exactly two weeks after i placed the order and a shout out to nicole who was very resonsive to my e-mails. -- e. pozo great products and great people! -- l. carroll dear blue cotton, i was planning on sending you a note to tell you how happy i am w/ your service. the design studio was easy to use, the t-shirts looked exactly as i thought they would, the price was great, and when i called in to ask a question the woman i spoke with was pleasant and helpful. couldn't ask for more. in the unlikely event that i again need custom t-shirts, i'll be back to your web site. ellen liebman -- e. liebman dependable, hassle-free and on time. printing is high quality and customers love it. the t-shirt design section is easy to understand and very user friendly. -- c. riggs i love all the options for the tank tops and t-shirts. the website is really great in previewing the clothing before ordering it. i changed my tank tops so many times and i added a lot of other names to my stack, so it was nice to have it save the tank each time. however, i don't think i need an email every time i change one little thing on my clothes. -- k. mcdaniel dear blue cotton, i was planning on sending you a note to tell you how happy i am w/ your service. the design studio was easy to use, the t-shirts looked exactly as i thought they would, the price was great, and when i called in to ask a question the woman i spoke with was pleasant and helpful. couldn't ask for more. in the unlikely event that i again need custom t-shirts, i'll be back to your web site. ellen liebman -- e. liebman the girls loved the shirts! -- s. powers i am so happy that i found blue cotton. they did a wonderful job for a reasonable price. they also were very efficient and friendly! thank you! -- c. schulenburg very happy overall- will be experimenting with other design ideas and see how they work. -- t. horn the staff was very helpful. i wanted to add a shirt to my order after i had submitted it and there was no problem, they took care of it very quickly. very professional. -- m. ibrahim excellent quality and fast turn around time. -- d. pruett the quality of the product is awesome and the price unbeatable!! thanks. -- a. de micah was great and i love the personal service and dedication to give the customer feedback and information on the order as needed. i will definitely use your company again. -- b. kinion fast service and most affordable t-shirt vendor online. excellent design studio and my own design uploaded with ease. because we needed less than 20 shirts we expected a huge design setup fee but were so happy to find a place willing to run a smaller order without extreme upcharge. -- j. snyder great job!! you guys are awesome! -- l. palasz i liked that i could easily receive customer support from an actual person. i utilized both email and chat for some questions i had, and was very happy with having these options to get my questions answered easily and quickly. stacy lyvers answered all of my questions. thanks! -- j. king wonderful customer service, very knowledgeable and friendly both times i called, will highly recommend -- s. smith bluecotton colleauges have always been very helpful with anything i've needed. -- t. fernandes very nice quality tee shirts. i will definitely be ordering from you again. thank you! -- k. murphy very nice quality tee shirts. i will definitely be ordering from you again. thank you! -- k. murphy easy to use - shirts look good and it is great way to design... -- c. hansen i needed my shirt very quickly. i called customer service, and they were very helpful. i got the shirt on time, and it came out great. -- r. daviau the design tools were easy to use, allowed me to upload pictures, product was correct on arrival and reasonably priced. -- k. carson excellent quality and quick turnaround. evern though we placed a smaller order we had the best service. -- d. cronin great shirts, thanks! -- t. skowronski the quality of the shirts is fantastic. people actually commented that they looked really nice. -- b. quinn great product. very satisfied with the shirt and the service. -- d. weaver this is our second order this year, i know we will be back again soon! nice, quick service. -- d. hill i wish we could have gotten a tracking number to see exactly how far our order had progressed and where it was once it started shipment -- h. morehead got my order really quickly and the quality was great! looked exactly like what i asked for. would definitely order from here again!!! =) -- l. perez i was very pleased with the outcome of my shirt!! nothing needs to be changed! -- b. martin great customer service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -- k. kirkner the time factor and quality were very impressive. i'm glad there are still companies out there that put out good products. -- g. jones easy online designer, could upload my custom design easily and not lose quality; received sooner than expected; quality of the print was great; everyone looked super snazzy wearing our new tees! -- m. varney the prices were great! -- k. flint great job, prompt -- a. brief your level of customer service was excellent! -- t. burkhardt shirt was attractive. order was processed exactly according to specifications (shirt came out exactly as i wished). -- d. quintana shirt was attractive. order was processed exactly according to specifications (shirt came out exactly as i wished). -- d. quintana thank you for having accurate sizes. -- m. metzger thank you for having accurate sizes. -- m. metzger you have a great web site.. the design center is great -- s. larson thank you for having accurate sizes. -- m. metzger the support was great! i got my order a couple of days before i needed it, which was great! thanks! -- m. egesdal lovely staff that got back tome quickly when i had a question. -- a. schulman getting ready to place my next order! -- m. lorenz i have ordered from you once before and i was very happy with the outcome. -- i. cornwall i am very please with my overall experience with blue cotton. it was everything that i could ask for in a t-shirt company. i'll absolutely use it nextyear as well. -- k. young i could not have been happier with my order. the price was amazing, the service was excellent and the shirts were perfect! thank you so much. -- t. winters although my order had a couple print production problem, your staff worked it out and had great customer friendly service i will defiantly use your services again! thank you -- g. tate the best company i have ever dealt with. was very apprehensive about ordering shirts online for our spirit shop. very patient in answering all of my questions, did a fantastic job with the t shirts, they looked better then i could imagine. we had so many complements! definitely will use this company again and again! -- p. parks it was easy to customize the order; bluecotton had the most budget-friendly prices without sacrificing the quality. we received the order on time and in perfect condition. -- m. quirk shirts came out very well at a great price! would definitely buy from here again! -- a. wang everything i've ordered has been high quality and beautiful (i bragged about you facebook!). -- j. mcdaniel easy to order, great quality product -- c. menges shirts came out very well at a great price! would definitely buy from here again! -- a. wang everything i've ordered has been high quality and beautiful (i bragged about you facebook!). -- j. mcdaniel the t-shirts came today, thank you so much for getting this order out so quick! they look great, i can't wait to show them to the team on thursday night. i'll be in touch again soon for another t-shirt order. -- m. turner the t-shirts came today, thank you so much for getting this order out so quick! they look great, i can't wait to show them to the team on thursday night. i'll be in touch again soon for another t-shirt order. -- m. turner thank you so much for the great polo shirts you all made. they are beautiful! i'm so happy with my purchase and will definitely be ordering again. i have used other online design-your-own shirt applications, and you guys are the best! thanks so much for all the help and the great quality. -- a. cline i received my band shirts a week before i expected them and they look great! i'm sure i'll need to order more, because parents and friends are going to want one, too! i priced several other companies and tried to give my business to a local shop, but the price or the lack of customer service turned me off. i know we don't have a big band (not even a medium one), but you have my loyal business. -- a dailey response to the t-shirt order from bluecotton has been overwhelming. i have people knocking down my door for a shirt! you guys are awesome! the quality of the shirt far exceeded what i was expecting! thanks bluecotton! -- j. dunn the shirt design tools were easy-to-use and full-featured. the price is lower than any other vendor i found on the net. the quality is great. overall a wonderful experience. the blue cotton crew deserve years of success. -- d. mann thank you so much for the amazing t shirts. they got here fast and are everything i wanted and more. i was under a lot of pressure and you helped me come through. i will definitely be using your company again, -- m. koehler just got the shipment of the shirts, and they look awesome!! everyone is extremely pleased and excited, and i can't thank you guys enough!! thanks again for all your help and hard work, i'll definitely be coming back to you guys next time i need some shirts made! thanks again, and you guys have an awesome football season as well!! -- c. nakagama i just received the tshirts i ordered from you and let me say...great job. my expectations have been exceeded and i will continue to make my custom shirts for my band at bluecotton..thanks again!! -- d. campbell i loved the quality of the shirt i received, and it came in the mail in a timely manner. i will definitely be ordering again very soon! -- k. hawver the clothing and embroidery is above reproach and so are the people. you'll be doing from uniforms from now on. keep the great work up! -- l. carroll your art department is so easy to work with and the communication is fast and friendly. a++ for customer service all around. we will continue using bluecotton for all of our t-shirt orders in the future! thank you! -- c. shreiner bluecotton has great service. they have a personal customer support person email you and assist you with everything if needed. they ship very fast once they ship your customized shirts. it is the best place for this kind of thing. -- d. herder the entire experience with blue cotton was extremely pleasant. will absolutely use them for any future shirt orders. -- t. ksiazek i've ordered from you before and was happy. -- l. gelinas the entire experience with blue cotton was extremely pleasant. will absolutely use them for any future shirt orders. -- t. ksiazek excellent service. -- r. kleek-laureyns excellent service. -- r. kleek-laureyns just plain awesome. i've already recommended you to just about anyone i know. -- d. saksa we have ordered shirts from you on 2 occasions and were pleased with the quality of the shirts and accuracy of out order. we will order again. -- t. decker bluecotton is amazing. they provided feed back on my design to help make my shirt the best possible shirt. my relay for life team shirt is amazing. everyone is asking where i got them. i will be ordering again. thank you bluecotton -- m. richie bluecotton is amazing. they provided feed back on my design to help make my shirt the best possible shirt. my relay for life team shirt is amazing. everyone is asking where i got them. i will be ordering again. thank you bluecotton -- m. richie i've been using blue cotton for a few years now and have always been happy with the quality of the printing, the responsive customer service, and the speed of the shipments. also, the pricing is much better than comparable online shirt printers. -- m. everett quick delivery. great contact from company. -- k. best i have ordered before and i ordered again. i love this place. i am entered into the $500 dollar competition in hopes that i can continue to purchase shirts. you guys are the best customizable designing website out there. thank you so much! -- d. herder great service. wonderful staff. very helpful. you made a high school dodgeball team very happy in the very short amount of time given. -- l. henderson great service. wonderful staff. very helpful. you made a high school dodgeball team very happy in the very short amount of time given. -- l. henderson i understand you would only create one screen for screen printing a design but by the time it reached my large and x-large shirts my design was so far out of place it is literally unsellable. i would have lather of been refunded then receive a product that wasn't close to what i asked for. the smaller shirts do look great though. -- m. gallacher my order process was very user-friendly through the website and the follow-up email and guide helped a lot to answer my questions. i am a freelance graphic artist and will be using the service again. -- j. scimonelli very proffesional. everything came out great. thank you. -- k. mello i've ordered from you before and i will continue. your site is easy to use! -- m. green i was amazed by my experienced with bluecotton. my shirts cost less than half of some other online services. when i called to clarify my order i was able to speak to a real friendly person. i didn't have to wait on hold. the quality of the printing was better than i expected. and the we're delivered when promised. 5 stars aren't enough. i will definitely use bluecotton again and recommend then highly to others. -- s. segrin the staff at blue cotton are efficient and courteous. i had a billing problem and they followed through very promptly so that i would receive my order on time. my only complaint is that i thought i was going to be charged a 15% fee for a rush order, but i was charged 25%. my overall experience with blue cotton everytime has been "awesome". thanks for great customer service (you don't get that much these days), coach mike -- m. norvell great quality, quick ship. very happy! -- s. mcguire the rep that i called was very helpful. thanks -- g. wu next time i need to order custom shirts or something of that nature, i am definatly ordering them from you. -- r. joskow keep up the good work -- d. sellers good material and the print turned out great! good communication, easy to use, fast shipping. very happy with the results! -- h. hoffman good material and the print turned out great! good communication, easy to use, fast shipping. very happy with the results! -- h. hoffman i have already told friends about your site. making the shirts is pretty fun and really easy. we made 2 orders and will make many more. -- b. dewerd the online ordering format was very easy to use and it allowed the user to see exactly what options they have with font and color and exactly what the product will look like. the shirts came in exactly 2 weeks and everyone was very happy with the results. the quality of the shirts and lettering was high and the outcome was exactly as i designed online. a great website that i will reccommed to others! -- k. bonnes the service recieved was personalized and exemplary. i was promptly contacted with any issues and was informed about my order at every stage from design to production to shipment. the service was outstanding. -- p. brown the online ordering format was very easy to use and it allowed the user to see exactly what options they have with font and color and exactly what the product will look like. the shirts came in exactly 2 weeks and everyone was very happy with the results. the quality of the shirts and lettering was high and the outcome was exactly as i designed online. a great website that i will reccommed to others! -- k. bonnes very pleased with my experience with bluecotton! ordering online was simple and fast. i had to call twice to change my order (for mistakes on my part- not theirs) and the customer service reps were very helpful and made the process quick and simple. my order even arrived a day ahead of expectations. very satisfied and would order from again. thanks for a great product! -- l. nowell i was incredibly pleased with the purchase -- s. consulting the website was very easy to use and the shirts came out awesome. you had many great options to design shirts but we ended up uploading our own design. the color was vibrant and exactly what we wanted. -- y. griffin -- r. bishop very good quality, but they took longer than expected to get here. -- s. lacombe i greatly appreciated the speediness of my order arriving, and the shirts looked great! -- a. pacheco -- k. ruigh i love the way the shirts came out, the service and shipping were great. the only thing was the shirts were too small but i guess that was my fault. everything else was great. -- t. costanzo bluecotton forgot to ship one of my designed t-shirts. i called them up and explained the issue. less than a week later, they had the shirt delivered at my doorstep. unbelievably quick. and all the shirts turned out great. -- r. smith t-shirts turned out great and were delivered according to the estimated time indicated. -- s. rollins the t-shirts were just as we designed them, the price was reasonable and they came fast. -- p. kearns the t-shirts were just as we designed them, the price was reasonable and they came fast. -- p. kearns after placing the order was given an estimated ship date of 2-28, received the shirts 10 days before. good print quality. good value, one of the few cheaper places on line that will let you order a minimum of 6 shirts. only complaint is you need more bowling graphics. thank you bluecotton. awesome job!! -- g. campbell excelent price. excelent quality and service. thanks -- p. bradley keep up the good work -- d. sellers fantastic results...all the other mathcounts teams were jealous of our shirts! -- c. sofko the edges of the lettering on the front were a bit of a mess: not clean, as if the ink had gotten under whatever it was that was used as s stencil -- b. de luna t-shirts turned out great and were delivered according to the estimated time indicated. -- s. rollins this was the best! it was the cheapest of any online site, the order arrived the exact time i wanted it to (in a rush!) and in addition, i spelled something wrong on my shirt, and it was caught and checked with me to make the change so i didn't have an incorrectly spelled word on my shirt - now thats service! -- d. canlas every part of the blue cotton experience was wonderful! -- k. byrne i have never ordered tee shirts on line before and i had gone to several other sites prior to finding you. they were more difficult to navigate. your website is user friendly and i loved that i was easily able to view my finished product and change it if i did not like it. also, the shirts turned out beautifully and the girls loved them! -- k. rudy love the speedy delivery. and how it looked exactly how i designed it. it was above my expectations! -- l. lipford the finished product was perfectly identical to the model depicted on the website. nice work -- s. white the customer service was the best that i have every experienced. in addition to that the product was much better quality than i expected. thank you for all your help. -- e. fulmer i was so worried that since i was late on ordering my 6 shirts for my make-a-wish charity event; but i contacted customer service and they were absolutely wonderful to deal with. the gentleman that proofed my design was great and responsive on delivery and even notified me when the shirts were being shipped out. i can't say enough about your staff........when the girls seen the shirts they all just smiled and said, "awesome". -- d. miller this is the second time we have used your website and we love it!! we will definitely be using you again next year. thank -- d. faith because you did such a superb job on the t shirt i ordered, we are going to go with your company to make 70 t shirts for our family reunion in july at red lodge, mt. thanks to all of you -- v. davis loved the shirts! i was so worried that my image file would get messed up, or wouldn't look good in ink and the guys at bluecotton.com fixed it up and made the shirts look amazing! for the price and quality, i will definitely be ordering more! thank you so much from the crew at chicago paranormal investigations! -- b. mason the shirts were exactly what we wanted and the service was fantastic. the turnaround was very timely and the quality was great. -- m. gargurevich we needed our shirts sooner than expected, and it was so easy to change our order to get them faster, the service was great and our shirts came out amazing. -- l. blake the shirts are wonderful and the staff very helpful and quick to respond to questions. your design studio is easy to use. -- d. brooks exactly what i ordered. outstanding quality. i'm ordering more shirts right now. thank you from the u.s. coast guard. -- n. lawson there was always someone at the phone when i called and they gave me great responses. also, the sweatshirts came out amazing!!! -- b. zeuner just wanted to thank you for another wonderful order! our shirts look great and the order was perfect. thanks so much. -- m. shaw jamie, i recently received the order and just want to say thanks to you and your team. you helped me out so much and eased my concerns when trying to reach my deadline. my daughter opened this box like it was christmas morning! thank you so much again. i will be recommending not only you as someones personal customer service representative but also bluecotton for their outstanding customer service, great product and turnaround time that exceeded my expectation. -- a. prokofiev i received my order. everything looks perfect and the shirts came just in time as our first game is tomorrow. thank you so much! -- d haff i received my shipment earlier than expected and the shirts are awesome...exactly what i wanted. i will be doing business with bluecotton again and spreading the words to all my friends about how awesome bluecotton is! -- n alex i just got the shirt, and i love it. i will be ordering more for our technicians and other office staff. our order was perfect!! thanks! -- j. woolcock hi jamie, i just wanted to let you know that my package just arrived and that it arrived exactly when you promised it would, in perfect condition. the tank tops look absolutely incredible, the colors are fantastic, and i am flying out to see my family tomorrow and taking them all with me -- i know they will love them!! thank you for all of your help, from you and the other staff members -- i will never hesitate to recommend you guys as my #1 provider for t-shirts!! thanks again! -- e kubitskey brittany, we got our order today and it looks great. thanks again and we look foward to working with you in the future. -- m. baxter hi brittany, i just recieved my shirt today, and i am extremely happy with it. the letters look great, and it came out exactly how i wanted it to. thanks for all your help. -- s. kunka i wanted to thank bluecotton for the great job on my shirts. the quality of silk screen is night and day compared to the other big online company i used. not to mention the price was considerably lower. i will not hesitate to use you again. -- c rounick i just got my t-shirt today and i wanted to say that it looks awesome! i'm very pleased, thank you! -- n. lettunich i received my order yesterday, it looked very, very cool! very quickly shipped, too! i will buy from you again! -- l. fincher i received my shirts today! they are awesome! i have told other teams about your company!! thanks you so much bluecotton! -- c zumhingst chelsea, the shirts did indeed arrive on schedule. they look great! as i expected, once others got a good glance at them there is already some interest in purchasing some more. again, thank you for all your help. you have very prompt with all your responses and that is greatly appreciative. i plan to use bluecotton each year for our softball jerseys and anything in between seasons. thanks! -- s shankle brittany, our shirts arrived today and they look great! thank you so much for all your help getting them to me in time for the party on friday. the girls will be delighted! -- k. klitenic brittany, we have been incredibly pleased with using your company this year, you have been a pleasure to work with. i will be recommending bluecotton to all my friends and will definitely keep you in mind for any future projects! -- s. davis jamie, i just handed out the shirts to my students for our competition tomorrow. they all tried them on and they look great!! we have had many compliments about the shirts. i am so glad i chose bluecotton for our team shirts!!! -- m. moriarty i am so please to working with your company! great quality, great prices, and great customer service! -- s davis first time ordering from bluecotton. i loved the easy design program and the great affordable pricing. i am looking forward to getting the shirts!!! -- c. pesesky you guys are awesome. if the shirts turn out half as good as bluecotton's help and performance has been, i'm sure i will be well pleased. -- r coldwell i just wanted to follow up and say that - once again - bluecotton did an exceptional job with my order. i am a repeat customer and have had very different needs each time i've customized a product. every time i've ordered, the craftsmanship, customer service, and speedy delivery exceed my expectations. thank you for all your hard work! -- e. allen thank you very much brittany. i will recommend your shirt service to all my other friends in other bands because your service is the best i purchased!!! -- n kooz jamie, thank you so much! i sincerely appreciate the time you took to help me; i am very impressed with bluecotton and will definitely be a return customer, thanks to your great customer service skills. i consider this type of service as going above and beyond what i would normally expect thanks again! -- t beaton i ordered shirts from bluecotton and they turned out fabulous! -- c. hum we are very pleased our order and the service bluecotton provides. i will be referring bluecotton to all my friends!! -- s. caprarulo bluecotton is by far the best place to have shirts made! -- j. kidd we at the dbc frat would like to thank you. the shirts that we ordered are great! -- j. sedgwick i just wanted to let you know that our shirts look great and the kids are pumped about wearing them. the textured ink looks amazing. thanks bluecotton!. -- a. bowersox i appreciate you and your company's fast response times to email inquiries. i have tried to work with at least 3 other shirt printing companies who were either slow to respond or non-responsive at all. it diminishes my confidence in doing business with them, but i'm glad to see bluecotton.com operates this way. -- b. nguyen awesome job on the every child shirts for joseph's hope foundation. brittany and elaine were great. can't wait to work with them on a project for our golf tournament fundraiser. -- b. harmon brittany, thank you so much! the shirts turned out excellent, couldn't be happier with bluecotton :). very truly, -- b. gee i just received my first order from you guys and it is fabulous!! i'm completely satisfied with how your company took my design and brought it into being. thanks. i've already placed my next order and i can see many more coming in the future. -- g. cope my son received your package in annapolis in advance of his birthday, and the other half of the order just arrived here with me. the shirts are fantastic. i don't know how blue cotton produces custom embroidery at such a reasonable price, but i am one very happy customer. i'll be back! -- j. cullinan hi, chelsea! the shirt arrived today. i am very impressed. i recommended to the president of our chapter that we order the other 59 shirts. thanks so much for your excellent craftsmanship and service. best regards to you and amy kate. -- b. friedman packages arrived late last night- the shirts look great! i cannot tell you how much we appreciate the expeditious manner in which you and your team produced and shipped these shirts (especially in light of the fact that it was the holiday season). bluecotton is a class act, and you have earned our chapter's business from now on. -- j. williams our shirts arrived today and they look great! thank you so much for all your help getting them to me in time for the party on friday. the girls will be delighted! thanks again -- k klitenic jamie, thank you very much! i do have to say this has been the easiest process. your website was fantastic. it was easy to maneuver and to design the shirts. also the shirts shipped out really fast for being free shipping. and to top it off with the great customer service that you have provided. we'll definitely use bluecotton again. thanks so much again! -- n. denny not only does blue cotton offer quality product at fair prices, but the customer service is superb! that is definitely hard to find in 2010!! -- s. higgs i designed and ordered t-shirts for my youth soccer team. the shirts are great and have high quality printing! in fact, the parents wished they'd gotten some for themselves. i looked around for companies that do online t-shirt designs. bluecotton had the best designer -- very easy to use, great templates, good clip. -- e. holmes hi amy, wanted to thank you for all your help through out this process. you have been very helpfull... i wish every representative out in the world was a good as you on their job. it looks like i am going to receive the package today!!!! thank you again. -- c. tsongos megan -- that is absolutely phenomenal! i deeply appreciate your help and ask that you thank your manager for me as well. i will certainly be a repeat customer and will encourage others to use you guys as well. thank you so much! -- l. dunn we received our order yesterday and the shirts look amazing!! you really did a great job. thanks again, and we will definitely be using your company again in the future -- s puchalski bluecotton rocks! i've ordered many times for team hope, a group supporting two of our friends recently diagnosed with cancer and they present quality products within the time frame provided. i'd do business with them anytime! -- j. nugent the shirts arrived today and they look great!!! we'll be ordering again soon. -- m. domitrovich our tees arrived just in time for our puppy reunion party and they were terrific! everyone loved them, thank you so much. -- d. cavaliers received shirts on the day indicated, great quality! thanks! -- p. sadwick we received the order-they look incredible! we can't wait to order more next week!! -- e penprase i just received my company's shirt order and i'd like to say that you all more than exceeded our expectations! they look absolutely fabulous, and you did a fantastic job even down to the smallest detailing. i don't think there is a better company around and honestly, what a deal for such quality printing. we plan to order more of these shirts and are already working on our next design! thanks again! -- e. o'brien bluecotton worked very diligently to get our t-shirts done in a short time and the outcome was fantastic. everyone in our organization was very pleased with the artwork . the staff was very pleasant and great to work with . we will be using bluecotton for future orders. -- l. spencer we received our order yesterday & i absolutely love them!! thanks bluecotton! -- j. dougherty we just received our order and everything looks great. you guys do a terrific job. will continue to use bluecotton for all our business! -- j. begin i just received my order and its looks awesome! thank you bluecotton! we will be ordering again! -- a. farris we received our order today and shirts look great! thanks bluecotton! -- k. cain we ordered shirts for our family vacation. everyone loved the shirts! thanks bluecotton! -- a. caspar im just writing back to let you know that you guys did an amazing job on the shirts i ordered. they were honestly far better than i had expected (seeing as i've gone through a few places and the quality wasn't that good for how much i paid) my fans, family and fellow wrestlers are going to eat these things up. once again thank you for the good work and how quick you got them to me. (!!) -- r.green sign up for exclusive offers & updates. embroidery | sewn-on | about | careers | help | privacy policy | specialty groups | bluecotton blog @bluecottontweet payment processing we accept all major credit cards: