来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223185319/http://www.bluecotton.com/blog/
================================================================================

the bluecotton blog | design what you want the bluecotton blog design what you want articles design design studio featured designs design tips news announcements press releases awards promotions sales & savings contests video offbeat archives the bluecotton blog subscribe to our feeds:all posts 27 november 2012 ~ 0 comments the most talked-about gifts i ever gave articles design tips share posted by leann farmer, customer servicesome of you brave souls actually went black friday shopping. i know this not from personal experience, but from the pictures i saw on tv. you are warriors, my friends! you actually went out of your house (by choice) to snag up on doorbuster deals at your local brick-and-mortar stores. admirable, your bravery. i salute your dedication to the cause. i waited until cyber monday to pick up a few gifts whose price tags i could not resist. yesterday, i bought two sleeping bags for little more than a song, and hurdled exactly zero shopping carts during the purchase. hurrah! today, i’m a little nostalgic for the most epic gifts i ever bought. several years ago, i had become weary of shopping. i wanted to give something more personal… more thoughtful…something with meaning. instead of trying to dream up the perfect gift for several individuals with varied tastes, i decided to order a dozen custom t-shirts for my dad’s side of the family. my grandfather was a coal miner, and my father and his nine brothers and sisters grew up in a coal mining camp in coalgood, kentucky. i found a picture online of the tokens that the coal mining company minted to pay wages to their employees. i selected the $20 token with “mary helen coal corporation” stamped on it. i uploaded the photo and placed in squarely on the t-shirt. i chose a charcoal grey t-shirt to compliment the coppery-bronze patina of the token. once the design was perfected, i selected each family member’s size and made the purchase. the custom t-shirts were a huge hit. the token printed on the t-shirts was a piece of my family’s collective history, and had meaning for each of them. we sat together after opening gifts and talked about their childhood. my dad remembered using these coins to ride the bus into town and to buy a movie ticket at the margie grand theater. my aunt remembered buying her first pair of new shoes at the mary helen coal commissary with these tokens. almost-forgotten stories of childhood were shared by my uncles. some of these were heard for the first time by grandchildren. these were not only the easiest gifts i selected and purchase, they are easily the most “talked-about” presents i ever gave. here at bluecotton, we’re dedicated to making things easy. the easier it is for you, the more we like it. would you believe you can take care of everyone on your list in one fell swoop, and give them a unique gift they will remember? you can, and i’ll show you in 5 easy steps how it’s done. 1. think about your extended family. i know it’s all-at-once painful and hilarious – like hitting your funny bone, but do it anyway. do you have a nifty story in your ancestry that would translate well to a t-shirt design? mike coffey (our ceo) has a family-owned gas station in his history. my maternal great-grandfather once owned a motel. any kind of business works well on a t-shirt, and makes for great storytelling when you’re with the family. better yet, invent one! does your family like coffee? you could create a coffee house with your last name – or a hunting lodge, or a ski resort, or a drag strip. the possibilities here are endless – whatever fictional business or activity would appeal to your family works perfectly. 2. go to bluecotton.com and start your design! you can use our clip art archives, or upload photos of your own. do you have a picture of great-great-great-great grandpa chester? upload that old photo of him with his model-t and share it with everyone on a t-shirt. family trees also make for great designs. maybe you can finally figure out how you’re related to that cousin twice removed. enlist assistance from other family members to fill in the blanks. 3. once your design is ready for prime time, you can begin adding your sizes. refer to your list, and add sizes next to their name. tally up the sizes and enter them in to the design studio. 4. checkout! during checkout, you may add additional shirts in another color, or another style. if you’d like a different color of shirt for aunt clara who strongly dislikes the green shirt you’ve chosen, you can add your design to a different color or different style while still enjoying the bulk pricing. see? i told you we like to make things easy. 5. your order arrives! all your presents arrive together, and you never once had to stand in a line. you simply open the box, unfold them and wrap them. you could even take the easy way out by dropping them in those fancy printed bags, stuffing tissue paper in the top (or not), and slapping a tag on each one. 6. be the hero and give a thoughtful family-themed custom t-shirt that they’ll remember! tags: christmas gifts, christmas t-shirt, coal mining t-shirt, coal t-shirt, custom family t-shirt design ideas, custom t-shirt, easy gift idea, unique gifts 11 october 2012 ~ 0 comments keep calm t-shirts: they do carry on articles design featured designs shareposted by leann farmer, customer serviceyou’d have to be living under a rock to be unaware of the “keep calm and carry on” trend that’s been circling the globe. the british motto is ubiquitous, appearing on mugs, doormats, baby clothes and all sorts of various products. do you know where this saying originated? according to wikipedia, “the (keep calm) poster was initially produced by the (british) ministry of information at the beginning of the second world war. it was intended to be distributed in order to strengthen morale in the event of a wartime disaster. over 2,500,000 copies were printed, although the poster was distributed only in limited numbers.” in fact, only a handful are still in existence outside of the government archives. the keep calm and carry on poster was “rediscovered” in 2000, and since the crown copyright expired after 50 years, the keep calm logo is now in the public domain. bluecotton took its very first “keep calm” order in 2010, and the trend has gradually picked up steam. it is hard to walk past our printers without seeing one ready to ship daily. it is a perfectly simple and versatile design style. simply remove carry on and replace it with anything you desire. for inspiration, take a look at a few designs that our customers have created below! keep calm shirts tags: ballet t-shirts, band t-shirts, clarinet t-shirts, keep calm and carry on, keep calm band shirts, keep calm professional shirts, keep calm t-shirts, keep calm volleyball shirts, lawyer t-shirts, saxophone t-shirts 18 september 2012 ~ 1 comment raising the bar: bluecotton’s guaranteed 24 hour “shirts in a day” service announcements articles news press releases shareposted by leann farmer, customer servicesometimes the need for custom t-shirts steals up on you like your mom’s birthday. it’s tomorrow! it’s too late to send a card! i’m the worst son/daughter in the world to forget mother’s birthday. panic at the disco ensues. we’re here to help. we are the only custom t-shirt printer who has a 24 hour delivery service. we have offered our industry-leading shirts in a day service for over a year, but had a 12 piece minimum requirement in place. recently, we expanded our 24 hour service (along with our super rush service (3 day delivery) and rush service (5 day delivery) to no minimums! that’s right! you can order as little as 1 shirt and enjoy any of our super-fast, double-quick, johnny-on-the-spot services with only 1 shirt. delivery times are guaranteed on all of our rush services, so you know you order will arrive on time. take a look at our shirts in a day infographic below, and let us know what you think. and hey – get your mom a t-shirt for her birthday. she’ll love it, and you’ll remain her favorite child. we guarantee it. tags: 24 hour custom t-shirts, 24 hour delivery, can i get custom t-shirts tomorrow?, i need t-shirts in 24 hours, next day custom t-shirts, shirts in a day 13 september 2012 ~ 0 comments football gameday t-shirts: love ‘em or hate ‘em? articles design design tips shareposted by leann farmer, customer servicefootball season is here! time for tailgating at your high school, college or pro stadium wearing nothing but the freshest swag to represent your team. since we’re still early in the season, t-shirts are still a “go”. as the season wears on, we know the transition to long sleeves and sweatshirts is mandatory. while the standard t-shirt logo of your favorite team is always acceptable – we love making gameday t-shirts for the big games. rivalry games and homecoming are two reasons to make custom t-shirts for the special day. we’ve searched the web (and our archives) for some of our favorite limited edition gameday t-shirts and rivalry t-shirts. check these out and find your inspiration for some gameday t-shirts for your team. what do you think about gameday shirts? do you collect them? do you think they’re too limited and only good for one wear? leave us a comment and tell us what you think. tags: college football t-shirts, football t-shirts, gameday t-shirts, make your own gameday t-shirts, make your own tailgate t-shirts, rivalry t-shirts 06 july 2012 ~ 0 comments happy trails to you: new beginnings therapeutic riding articles video shareposted by leann farmer, customer service i only knew half the story when i learned that new beginnings therapeutic riding helps people with various disabilities ride horses. i simply was not aware of all the benefits of therapeutic riding. new beginnings’ mission statement says it plainly: “nbtr serves those with behavioral, emotional, physical and mental disabilities through the power of horses.” new beginnings therapeutic riding has been a faithful bluecotton customer since 2005. we have had the privilege of printing t-shirts for the annual horse show and ride-a-thon events, as well as individual orders for staff and volunteers. when bluecotton began following new beginnings on facebook, i began to understand that their mission goes well beyond “learning to ride.” when i saw the video below, i realized that new beginnings is bigger than their mission statement. ability from wesley bacon on vimeo. i began to understand all the ways that therapeutic riding enhances self esteem, builds trust and loyalty, enhances communication and social skills, all inside of great outdoor exercise. wikipedia tells us: a student who interacts with his or her horse may extend this interaction to others and form meaningful relationships with people. building a relationship with an animal is very rewarding in many respects; for a person with an emotional, social or psychological disability, the trust and loyalty of an animal demonstrates to the student how important he or she is; they may then apply this newly-acquired self-esteem to personal relationships. a horse may also help a person feel in control of his or her situation, since in dealing with horses there is a direct relationship between action and reaction. to learn how to care for (and ride) a horse, a student must also be able to communicate effectively with both horse and instructor. in this way riding is a social activity, but may be less daunting to those uncomfortable in social situations. riding a horse is also a unique experience, and it helps empower a person, enabling them to connect with others on a personal level. the sometimes-unpredictable nature of animals and situations also creates a real-life environment in which a student can confront his or her fears, and adjust to situations beyond their control. children with disabilities love having a quiet, peaceful environment, as do horses, so they may teach each other many things. we sat down with jill steffey, one of nbtr’s board members to get an idea of her typical day, and what qualities she looks for in a volunteer. 1. can you tell us about your typical day at new beginnings? i am a teacher with warren county day treatment so my days are just a little different than others. a typical day with my students goes like this: ten to fifteen kids arrive at new beginnings. half of them begin working on grooming and preparing to ride. this group learns how to groom every part of the horse, saddle and put the bridle on. they go into the ring and learn how to follow directions and manage their horse. this is a rewarding challenge for my students. the other half begins working on farm work including washing out feed buckets and water troughs, building or repairing fences, and cleaning the barn. this group learns how to follow directions from other adults. they are taught how to work together and build social skills. these groups continue their assignments until lunch. after lunch, the groups switch responsibilities and work until we get on the bus to come back to school. 2. do you have a favorite horse among new beginnings ten program horses? tell us about him/her. i really enjoy copper because of his antics and silliness. i gravitate towards the atypical so he and i get along really well. he likes to take my hat off if i get to close to him. he also likes to nip at me. he doesn’t hurt me. he is just playing. 3. what qualities do you look for in volunteers? we look for volunteers who are prompt and trustworthy. they arrive when they say they are going to be there and stay as long as needed. i enjoy volunteers do whatever is asked of them while they are there. our volunteers are what makes this program work so we need people who are dedicated and willing to help in whatever way necessary. tell us about your favorite t-shirt… my favorite shirt is my long sleeved dark blue shirt with the white new beginnings logo on the front left corner. i wear it all the time because is it simple and plain for me. that’s the way i like things. if new beginnings acquired a free 30 second advertisement during the super bowl – what would you air to the public? i would show a slide show of pictures of a rider progressing from their wheel chair to riding a horse on their own while explaining how much these horses and instructors help people with any kind of disability heal physically, emotionally, and mentally. if you would like to learn more about new beginnings therapeutic riding you may find them on facebook or at http://www.nbtr-bg.org/ if you would like to be interviewed for your organization or business and be featured on our blog, please contact leann@bluecotton.com tags: custom horse riding t-shirts, custom non-profit t-shirts, custom t-shirts, horse t-shirts, non-profit t-shirts, therapeutic riding t-shirts 28 june 2012 ~ 1 comment atlantic landscaping dishes the dirt articles offbeat shareposted by leann farmer, customer service as the records for high temperatures continue to be broken around the country, we enlisted one of our customers to give us some tips on lawn care. erik houser, from atlantic landscaping in dennis, massachusetts happily obliged us a few questions about landscaping and his dream lawn mower! my favorite part of caring for my own lawn is the immediate results and satisfaction of turning overgrown grass into a beautifully cut lawn. what’s your favorite part of your job? a perfectly manicured lawn and planting bed area. i like hearing from all of my customer’s “excellent job!” of course when summer’s over – the leaves fall, presenting new challenges for the lawn. do you have any tips or tricks of the trade for us on leaf cleanup? for all of my customer’s properties i use a walk behind leaf vacuum (billygoat). if your property has access to the drive way, collect your leaves there and then dispose of them. if you do not have direct access to the driveway, a leaf vac is the way to go! in addition to lawn care and landscaping– you’ve also installed swimming pools and fences. how did you get into making people’s homes beautiful? several years ago, i became disabled from being an auto mechanic. i hated sitting around the house with nothing to do and not being productive. i took some online landscaping courses and started atlantic landscaping. i’ve contracted properties from hyannis, ma to orleans, ma. i now have a potential customer off the cape that wants a custom design and installation (photos to come soon on facebook)! we’re going through a heat wave here in kentucky – the old bluegrass state. do you have any tips on how to keep a healthy lawn in dry conditions? depending on current moisture conditions, you may water the lawn 2 times per day. once in the early morning hours (5-7am) and if needed, once again in the afternoon (3-5pm) the later day watering hours will still provide enough water to keep the lawn cool, but will evaporate quickly enough to not cause fungi or mold that can ruin your lawn. you have quite a fleet of equipment! if you could win any piece of new equipment – what would it be and why? i would absolutely love a walker mower with a high dump attachment. these mowers with a 48” front deck are the best in the current industry. they offer precise cutting along with a bin collection system. they are great for leaf collection as well as regular cutting. they are worth 12k-15k for the unit! you can find out more tips from erik and atlantic landscaping on lawn care here. tags: custom landscaping t-shirts, custom lawn care t-shirts, custom yard work t-shirts, mowing service t-shirts 1 2 3 4 »last » rss feeds   subscribe in a reader subscribe by email search search for: like us on facebook!  bluecotton.com on facebook tags 80s american apparel article articles award blog bluecotton code contest coupon custom design designs design studio discount diy do it yourself earth day feature featured designs fun gizmodo green hanes holidays infographic iphone ipod touch organic photos project projects purchase recycle sewing shipping survey t-shirt t-shirts tees tips tricks tutorials video winner go to bluecotton.com articles design news promotions video offbeat archives © the bluecotton blog. say something clever here. or not. you decide.