来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131211084503/http://www.bluecotton.com/blog/
================================================================================

the bluecotton blog | design what you want the bluecotton blog design what you want articles design design studio featured designs design tips news announcements press releases awards promotions sales & savings contests video offbeat archives the bluecotton blog subscribe to our feeds:all posts 05 november 2013 ~ 0 comments how to use your call of duty: ghosts strategy to sell t-shirts articles video share posted by leann farmer, social media & business development the wait is over! the much-anticipated tenth installment of the franchise, call of duty: ghosts, debuts today! if you’re a fan of call of duty, you know that strategy is everything, especially in the xbox live multiplayer environment. the t-shirt market is no different. check out five ways to implement call of duty strategy in your real life to improve your t-shirt line. 1. you can start out on your own, but finding a small team of reliable comrades is critical to success. you can dive right in as a lone mercenary, but you’ll need some help to reach your brand’s potential. you may have a great idea for a t-shirt line, but lack the resources to take it to the next level. recruit a diverse pool of soldiers. one of your soldiers may have a keen eye for design, while another calls in backup on promotional end of things. you only need one effective sniper. too many snipers in the kitchen spoils the pot (or something.) basically, everyone on your team should bring a complimentary skill set to the table. every pair of boots you have on the ground should be evaluated and deployed based on his/her particular strengths. check out t-shirt magazine’s “essential brand startup guide” for more in depth battle-plans. 2. know the lay of the land. nothing gets you killed quicker than not knowing where you are or where you are going. determine where “the road less traveled” really lies, so you can roam undetected into enemy territory. establish your brand hq and hold your ground in social media. find the overlooked markets and ignored population segments – there could be a ambush opportunity there. learn where the hotspots (and hot designs) are, and set up camp. anticipate where your competition will be in terms of designs, colors and styles next season so as to maneuver and outflank them. 3. resist the urge to charge out into the open with guns a-blazing and no real strategy. i know you can hear the relentless rat-a-tat-tat of e-commerce just “over there” and you’re anxious to get in on the action. cool your jets and investigate the situation. do little reconnaissance first. look around…where’s the fire coming from? where are the “friendlies”? research the kinds of shirts your market is buying…and from where. toss a powerful t-shirt grenade around that corner first and then stride confidently into the room. artist, t-shirt designer and entrepreneur steve knerem wrote a fantastic three-part article on starting your own shirt line. part iii is goes into some depth on gathering intel. 3. start with a multi-range, multi-purpose weapon. shoot for broad appeal within your target market. while there’s definitely a place for a specialty weapon (like a sniper-rifle or a tank-top), a more general weapon like a basic black t-shirt may serve you best in most situations. again, research and strategy within the target market are key. 4. as you advance, choose your weapons strategically. once you’ve established a foothold, it is best to start upgrading. expand your arsenal to include long-range and short-range options. add a tank top for summer or long sleeve shirt for fall. offer a pullover hoodie during the holiday season. 5. know when to leave. we’ve all seen the greedy player that sets up shop surrounding himself by 3 claymores and successfully picks off 4-5 players from the same locale. if he doesn’t move out quickly and find a new spot to call home, things aren’t going to end well for him. once you’ve bagged 3 or 4 killer shirts from the same design origin, you may want to slightly shift your creative direction to maintain your audience’s interest within your genre. keep moving, keep evolving, stay alert and stay alive. you’ve unlocked a perk! when in doubt, throw your t-shirt line to the dogs. call of duty’s favorite k-9, riley, has some sweet battle gear. once you have your market dialed in, consider adding a line of apparel for your customer’s four-legged friends. - leann loves a good fps, and looks forward to the new mutliplayer gametypes in cod: ghosts, including cranked and grind and forming a bot team in the new squad feature. you can find her at xbox live gamertag: xoliviadunhamx. tags: brand, call of duty, call of duty: ghosts, clothing line, cod: ghosts, ghosts, pc, ps3, ps4, t-shirts, video games, xbox 360, xbox one 28 october 2013 ~ 0 comments 10 last-minute halloween costume ideas articles shareposted by michael dunn, art departmentit’s happened to all of us at one time or another. it’s down to the final few days before halloween, but you still have no idea what to wear as your costume. never fear, because we’ve got you covered! here are ten great costume ideas you can easily throw together at the last minute–without breaking the bank. 1. trash bag witch this “no-sew” witch costume comes from none other than the domestic queen herself–martha stewart. all you need a bunch of black draw-string trash bags, some masking tape, and a pair of scissors. nine simple steps later and you’re sporting your own home-made, inexpensive witch costume! 2. kermit the frog not every halloween costume needs to be an over-the-top, head-to-toe affair. this simple and clever kermit the frog costume is the perfect example. a little felt goes a long way when transforming yourself into the world’s most recognizable muppet! check out the post at radmegan for full instructions on how she made this costume. 3. bunch of grapes a couple of dozen green or purple balloons and a coordinating shirt make for a very quick and convincing bunch of grapes! check out glamour’s post for this and several more cheap and easy costume ideas. 4. cactus flickr user, daniel bloomfield, came up with this fantastic diy cactus costume. all you need is a green sweatsuit, some white pipe-cleaners bent into three points, and a hot-glue gun. raise your forearms at a 90 degree angle and there you have it! 5. dirty laundry if you’ve got an old, laundry basket on-hand that you no longer use, this is a perfect zero-cost option this halloween! cut the bottom out of the basket so that you can wear it around your waist, then fill it and cover yourself with clothes! don’t worry, you don’t have to use actually dirty clothes to pull-off this costume! this idea comes courtesy of goodwill industries of fort worth, tx. check out their halloween page for more easy costume ideas. 6. bat umbrellas are cheap! well, at the least the crummy ones at the dollar store. luckily, that’s all you’ll need to make this cool bat costume’s wings and ears! evil mad scientist has the full write-up on how to construct this costume. 7. lego block it doesn’t get much simpler than this lego block costume from so crafty. all you need is a cardboard box (with holes for your head and limbs), some paint, and a dozen (or less) plastic cups. 8. banksy street painting now this idea is one of the more clever ones that i’ve seen. flickr user, george schnakenberg, transformed himself into the “flower thrower” painting by famous street artist, banksy. this one is a little more elaborate, but the materials you need readily accessible. 9. character from “the sims” if you’re familiar with video games, you’re probably aware of the sims––a game in which you control and manage the normal, everyday lives of characters simply known as “sims.” in the game, the character you’re currently controlling has a green, 12-sided gem floated overhead. friend of reddit user, kokvlad, created her own such gem out of paper the suspended it over her head. clever! 10. roller coaster car this one is definitely one of my favorites! treehugger shares a great costume that gives the illusion of a couple sitting in a roller coaster car, but still have the freedom to walk around! a painted cardboard box, a metal rod, and some extra pants and shoes go a long way in selling the effect. there you have it! ten last-minute halloween costumes well within the budget of almost everyone. there’s thousands more ideas to be found on the internet, but these are some of our favorites. do you have any great just-in-time costume ideas that you’d like to share? let us know in the comments! tags: banksy, bat, cactus, costume, grapes, halloween, ideas, kermit the frog, last-minute, laundry, lego, muppets, roller coaster, the sims, trash bag, witch 18 september 2013 ~ 0 comments funny slogans for family reunion t-shirts uncategorized shareposted by leann farmer, social media & business development whether you see your extended family regularly or not-so-regularly – family reunions are your best opportunity to meet the second cousins you never knew you had. whether you’re having a casual barbeque at a local park or a multi-day reunion – the budget for food, decorations and activities can be supplemented by selling custom t-shirts to family members who plan on attending the event. other mementos like custom family reunion tote bags, hats or drinkware can also help cover the expenses associated with organizing a family reunion. with everything else on your plate, we knew you may not have time to think of a clever one-liner to describe your family, so we’ve collected eleven of the funniest slogans for family reunion t-shirts below to help get you started! 1. “trying to relate to the people i’m related to.” 2. “families are like fudge… mostly sweet, with lots of nuts!” 3. “remember, as far as anyone knows we are a normal family.” 4. “i survived the (name) family reunion.” 5. “reunion survivor” 6. “nuts make the family tree worth shaking” 7. “we put the fun in dysfunctional!” 8. “why be normal when you could be a (name)?” 9. “i went to the (name) family reunion and all i got was this (adjective) t-shirt! 10. “we are the people your mom warned you about.” 11. “it’s a (name) thing, you just wouldn’t understand.” and there you have it! a handful of perfect one-liners for your upcoming event! what line would you use to describe your family? let us know! 29 august 2013 ~ 0 comments 5 things every bachelorette party should have articles shareposted by leann farmer, social media & business developmentcongratulations! if you’re here, chances are you have a very special day to plan! are you a maid of honor or bridesmaid looking for advice on how to throw your bestie a bachelorette party to remember? we’re here to help. rest assured, you are way ahead of the game. check out our recommendations for five things every bachelorette party should have! 1. a fabulous and fun theme a theme for a bachelorette party can be as simple or as elaborate as the bride would like. from a theme as straightforward as her favorite colors, like this “pink and black” party page, to a more creative and immersive experience based on her favorite era like our “mad men” party idea – a theme will give the party a structure upon which to build your attire and activities. while themes do serve as a great starting point for planning a bachelorette party, always make sure ensure the bachelorette’s personality and style shine through by involving her in the early stages party-planning process. 2. fantastic food whether you plan to host the party at home, or head out on the town, food is necessary to any successful bachelorette party. referencing the theme will often give you guidance when choosing foods or if your bachelorette is a foodie, you may even choose to build your theme around the food itself! many larger cities offer tasting tours, where your party can restaurant hop all over town, enjoying progresssive courses at each restaurant. meet for drinks at the first venue and proceed through appetizers, a main course, and finish with dessert, each specially prepared at a different restaurant. google the city of your choice for tastings and tours, and you’re sure to find a culinary adventure fit for any foodie bachelorette. one happy party hostess commented, “i was looking for an alternative to the bar scene for a bachelorette party that i was hosting. i came across the milwaukee food tours website on a whim, and it ended up being the best thing that we did that night. we learned about this awesome city that we live in and went to restaurants that we had never been to before. we left with a full stomach and a want for more… we for sure will be booking another tour!” 3. faithful friends bachelorette parties are a great time for the bride’s old friends and new friends to bond before the wedding! it’s the perfect opportunity for everyone to experience something together and interact in a relaxed, comfortable environment -whether it be a new, highly recommended restaurant, a culinary adventure all over the city, or a wine and cheese tour. jasmine moir at self.com writes “make everyone feel welcome and connected by having the bride introduce each friend to the others and share a funny story or sweet memory from their friendship.” 4. fanciful favors the back of the custom party shirts featured names and numbers. the numbers combined reflect the bride's wedding date! too cute! favors are not only a tangible token of the time spent with the bachelorette’s friends, it’s also an appropriate way to thank each guest for contributing her time and money to the occasion. the gift need not be costly. homemade coasters are an inexpensive and attractive gift. if you’ve chosen a mani/pedi or other pampering theme, you may wish to make diy sugar scrubs for the guests. custom bachelorette party t-shirts can be created online and worn during the party, or wrapped in a cute theme-appropriate bow or box and taken home as a memento. custom wine glasses, pint glases or tumblers are also fun and inexpensive favors that can be created to match any theme. 5. festive photos you could hire the bachelorette’s wedding photographer to spend a couple of hours committing the party to digital memories, or you can enlist the entire party to contribute to the photo bonanza. you can even add props to your photo shoot – referring back to your theme to choose suitable props to enhance your photographs.  these easy diy chalkboard comment bubbles  go with nearly any theme, make photos more fun and serve double duty as a party favor! whether the bachelorette is ready to kick back or throw down, these five essentials will help you plan a customized bachelorette party. if we expanded this list to 10 things – what five things would you add? let us know in the comments! tags: bachelorette party ideas, bachelorette party t-shirts, diy bachelorette party favors, diy party ideas, how to plan a bachelorette party, party ideas, party t-shirts 13 august 2013 ~ 0 comments how to recycle old t-shirts into a dress articles shareposted by leann farmer, social media & business development what could be more comfortable than a casual summer dress made out of recycled t-shirts? we can’t think of anything better! breezy and becoming, this simple t-shirt dress is as easy to make as it is easy to wear. time to complete: 1 hour what you’ll need: one v-neck t-shirt for the top of your dress in your usual size. one t-shirt for the bottom, 1-2 sizes larger than your usual size. the larger size shirt will supply additional fabric needed for the length of the skirt, especially if you’d like to be below the knee. 2” elastic that compliments your shirt colors. the elastic will be visible. a rotary blade for cutting fabric. a straight-edged ruler. measuring tape. pins. a sewing machine (not pictured). 1. choose a v-neck in your favorite color for the top of the dress. the fit of the shoulders to waist is the most important part, as you will eventually be cutting off the bottom portion of the t-shirt. put the t-shirt on and mark it with chalk at your natural waist. 2. using the rotary blade and straight-edged ruler, carefully cut below the chalk mark indicating your natural waistline. 3. discard the lower half of the shirt, or better yet, use it to create another fabulous diy project, such as these upcycled t-shirt bangles! 4. next, prepare and cut elastic waistband. elastic should be 1” – 1.5” shorter than the width of your top. you may add 1/2” for the seam. 5. sew the ends of the elastic waistband together to form a circle. a zig-zag stitch is recommended for stretch fabrics. 6. quarter the waistband into four equal parts and pin at the quarter marks. this is easily accomplished by pinning the ends first which gives you two equal havles. then line up these two pins in the middle to find the other two quarter locations. 7. divide the shirt top into four equal parts by first pinning the side seams. this will divide the shirt into two halves. fold these two pins together in the center. then pin the sides again. the shirt will now be pinned in quarters. 8. now, it’s time to start creating the skirt! measure from your natural waist to the desired length. 9. now that you have your desired skirt length, it’s time to get to work on turning the second t-shirt into a skirt. be sure to add 1/4″ to the desired skirt length to accomodate for the waist band seam! 10. cut the skirt portion of your dress from the bottom of the t-shirt and discard the top, or retain the material for other projects. 11. place your elastic loop inside the skirt with right sides together, pinning the waistband to the skirt with the quarter marks matching up. 12. attach skirt to waistband with a zig-zag stitch and a 1/4” seam, backstitching the beginning of your sew. 13. as you sew the zig zag stitch for the waistband and skirt, stretch the elastic slightly so that it performs and gathers when worn. remove the quarter mark pins as you reach them and backstitch the end of the waistband when you reach it. 14. flip the elastic band up and out of the top of the skirt. the result should look similar to what you see in the image above. 15. the final step is to attach the t-shirt top onto the elastic banded-skirt. quarter the waistband again by pinning the waistband into four equal parts as you did earlier. place your top inside the skirt and pin together again at marked quarters with the right sides together. 16. sew the top and elastic band together with a zig-zag stitch in the same way you sewed the skirt and elastic together. 17. if the elastic band and top do not match up, simply stretch the shorter of the two, so they are flat as you sew them together. 18. your new dress in complete! we decided to use a skirt and top of the same color, but feel free to mix it up with various colors, shirt styles, and elastic types! what other ways have you found to refashion plain t-shirts into stylish summer dresses? let us know! 16 july 2013 ~ 0 comments 7 inspiring examples of refashioned t-shirts articles shareposted by leann farmer, social media & business developmentwe all have a favorite t-shirt. if you’re lucky enough to work at a t-shirt company (wink, wink) where the dress code is so casual you actually get to wear t-shirts to work, you probably have several favorites. you may also have an over abundance of these cotton casuals that aren’t serving their intended duty. they have too much life to be turned into a dust rag, but don’t make quite the cut for public consumption. here are several ways to refashion those surplus t-shirts and restore their honor. 1. t-shirt no- sew bolero shrug add some extra color and coverage to that summer dress with this simply romantic t-shirt shrug. short sleeve or long sleeve, you can use most any t-shirt to add a pop of color to your outfit. 2. easy t-shirt aprons i used to think aprons were a relic of the past, until i actually began doing a fair amount of entertaining and the associated cooking. these easy peesy t-shirt aprons will help keep your party clothes clean while you finish up those last minute preps. guys, you can recycle one of your old football t-shirts to make an apron worthy of gridiron grilling. 3. diy shoe: t-shirt + flip flops this diy tutorial will show you how to transform an old pair of broken or uncomfortable flip-flops into a stylish pair of comfortable sandals using t-shirt fabric. if you’ve suffered any sandle “blow-outs” this summer where the strap came loose from the sole, you could certainly restrap the busted sandles with colorful fabric for a completely new look. 4. bleach art tees all you need is a bleach pen, some stencils and a t-shirt. get ready to wreck your way to an artful and edgy top. make a creative, one-of-a-kind gift for a friend! the bleach pen technique can be used on any cotton item that is already dyed – think bandandas, hats or even shoes! 5. yoga pants who says yoga pants have to be bland? turn a couple of your favorite graphic tees into personalized pair of comfy yoga pants. 6. peplum t-shirt add a bit of stylish flair and literal flare to one of your tees with this diy peplum t-shirt. this is a great diy project if you want to transform a plain t-shirt into something a bit more trendy. 7. layered tee enter a new dimension of depth! create your own layered tee by “cutting away” the fabric on top to “reveal” the contrasting fabric underneath. we hope you’ve been inspired to try one of these projects for yourself! do you have any t-shirt restyling tips for us? let us know in the comments below! tags: diy, refashioned, restyled, t-shirt, t-shirt shrug 1 2 3 4 »last » rss feeds   subscribe in a reader subscribe by email search search for: like us on facebook!  bluecotton.com on facebook tags american apparel article articles award blog bluecotton code contest costume coupon crafts custom design designs design studio discount diy do it yourself earth day featured designs fun gizmodo green halloween hanes holidays ideas infographic iphone ipod touch organic photos project projects purchase sewing shipping survey t-shirt t-shirts tees tips tricks tutorials video go to bluecotton.com articles design news promotions video offbeat archives © the bluecotton blog. say something clever here. or not. you decide.