来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201207164929/https://www.bluecotton.com/help-center
================================================================================

custom printed t-shirts | personalized apparel | bluecotton help | login 0 our products custom printing custom t-shirts custom women's clothing custom sweats custom athletic apparel custom business apparel custom outerwear custom bags custom face masks super rush products shirts in a day products choose your products to customize upload or create a design in our studio, then we’ll print it onto your products. customize t-shirts, sweatshirts, sweatpants, tank tops, bags, and more. personalize them for events, sororities, fraternities, teams, charities, or family reunions, or order custom clothing for your own personal use. start designing design studio quick price delivery estimates embroidery our products custom t-shirts custom short sleeve t-shirts long sleeve t-shirts pocket t-shirts custom tank tops custom zip up hoodie custom women's clothing custom women's t-shirts women's custom long sleeve shirts custom women's tank tops custom women's sweatshirts custom women's athletic shorts custom sweats custom sweatshirts custom hoodies custom crewneck sweatshirts custom sweatpants custom athletic apparel custom baseball jerseys custom performance shirts custom shorts custom business apparel custom polo shirts custom aprons custom outerwear custom fleece jacket custom bags custom tote bags custom backpacks custom face masks blank face masks custom face mask printing face mask design design studio quick price about delivery estimates login help welcome to the bluecotton help center email us shoot us an email and we will get back to you asap. email us live help got a question you need answered quickly? chat live with one of our customer service specialists monday-friday 7:30am - 5:30pm ct. chat with us call us give us a call. we'd love to hear from you! we're available monday-friday 7:30am - 5:30pm ct. call us help topics and faqs help center t-shirt shipping and delivery custom t-shirt printing custom product embroidery purchasing & payment sizing & products custom order pricing reorders changes to orders returns custom campaigns t-shirt shipping & delivery 1. when will i receive my standard order? for orders within the 48 contiguous states, your order will be delivered to you in 10 business days or less from the date on which you place your order. all of our orders have guaranteed delivery. if your order requires delivery in less than 10 business days, we also offer three rush options that guarantee delivery to you in five business days or less (see "what is rush delivery"). our shipping calendar on the home page (www.bluecotton.com) details our rush shipping options and the guaranteed date of delivery for each. we ship all orders via usps and ups from our production facility in bowling green, kentucky. orders are shipped monday through friday, with the exception of national holidays. 2. what is rush delivery? rush delivery is an upgrade option that guarantees your order to arrive in five business days from the day you place your order. rush delivery is available at an additional 15% of your order total, or $25, whichever is greater. this service is only available for orders within the 48 contiguous states. 3. do you ship to military addresses? yes. we provide free shipping on standard orders only via usps to military addresses and apo boxes. to properly ship to military addresses, we need the recipient's full name (with or without rank, title, or position), unit designation and apo/fpo designation with the nine-digit zip code. we aren't responsible for delivery delays if we're given incorrect or incomplete military ship addresses. we are unable to guarantee delivery of these orders in 10 business days or provide rush delivery options. delivery times depend on the location. 4. what if i need an order in less than a week? we have two guaranteed shipping options to accommodate a deadline of less than five days. the first option is our super rush delivery. with super rush you can choose from a limited selection of garments; orders that are placed before noon cst on a business day have guaranteed arrival in three business days. if the order is placed after noon cst they will arrive in four business days. super rush delivery is available at an additional 25% of your order total, or $39, whichever is greater. if you need shirts sooner we have a shirts in a day delivery. shirts in a day is available at an additional 40% of your order total, or $69, whichever is greater. this option allows orders that are placed before noon cst on a business day to ship the same day with guaranteed arrival the next business day. if the order is placed after noon cst they will arrive in two business days. 5. what shipping information do you need? standard u.s. mail postal address format is what we need (no po boxes can be accepted, however). please be sure to give us your full company name (if applicable), your full name, full street number, full street name, any and all apt, suite, floor, room or mailbox number designations, city, state, province, country and zip (postal) code. 6. do you ship to international addresses? yes, for standard orders only, we can ship to an international address. you will need to select a shipping quote during checkout. please note that you will be responsible for any applicable customs fees incurred prior to receiving your order. 7. can i ship to a hotel where i will be a guest? yes. you must confirm with your hotel that you can receive packages and if there are any other special stipulations. many hotels require that the guest has checked in before receiving packages so be sure to check with your hotel. please give us the full hotel name, your full name (or whose name the room is registered in) and room number (if available), full street number, full street name, city, state, province, country and zip (postal) code. we are not responsible if a package is not received due to hotel policies and/or you haven't arrived and the package is refused by the hotel. 8. are there additional shipping fees for orders shipped to a canadian address? brokerage fees and duties may apply to orders that are shipped to canada and are assessed by customs authorities at the time of delivery. bluecotton does not calculate these fees at the time of order, and they are the sole responsibility of the purchaser. please inquire with local customs authorities for more information regarding applicable fees. 1. what resolution should i use for pictures? we recommend 300 dpi or higher. its important for the graphic to be the size you intend to print on the garment. for instance, if you want your graphic to print 10"w x 11"h, make it 10"w x 11"h at 300 dpi. for more information check out our blog entry. 2. can you print over the zipper on a hoodie? yes we can. however, the print may be skewed a little or not as clear as it would normally be if printed directly on the garment. we recommend that this only be done on hidden zipper garments. you can call 1-800-536-1435 or email tshirts@bluecotton.com to discuss this option with a customer service representative. 3. how long does the screen printing last on a shirt? the industry standard for the longevity of screen printed shirts is around 35 washes, however, many screenprinted items will last for many years. we recommend machine-washing your screen printed t-shirts inside out in cold water and tumble drying on low (unless the garment tag calls for a different drying procedure). we do not recommend dry cleaning any screen printed garments. 4. how do i get names and numbers to appear on the front and the back of the garment? use the "names & numbers" feature located on the left hand side of the design studio to enter personalized names and/or numbers on the appropriate sizes of your t-shirts. you cannot add names and numbers to the front of a t-shirt within the design studio. however, if you would like names and numbers on the front of a garment, please call 1-800-536-1435 or email tshirts@bluecotton.com our customer service department, explaining that you want the names and/or numbers to appear on the front as well as on the back of your garments. there will be an extra charge assessed to your order. a customer service representative will review this extra charge with you when you contact us. 5. will my design be centered on the shirt? yes. sometimes the center feature in the design studio doesn't appear to be centered on the screen. our art department makes sure that everything is centered and sized appropriately before we print your shirts. you can always leave notes in special instructions that you would like the design to be centered. our design team will see those notes and make sure everything is centered prior to production. 6. how large can you print my design? our maximum imprint area is 13 inches wide by 15 inches tall on both the front and back of the garment. keep in mind that this imprint size is bigger than many of the shirts that we offer, especially in sizes small and medium. 7. how will my garments be printed? we have three different methods for printing your custom garments. •screen print •digital printing •vinyl names and numbers there are a number of factors that determine what method will be used in the production of your garment. •quantities of six or more will generally be screen printed. •single garment orders or orders with less than six garments are almost always produced using digital printing. •there are certain special instances that will not fall into these specific guidelines. if the imprint area exceeds the printable area of our screen printing equipment, the garments will be produced via digital printing regardless of quantities. here is more information about these methods in detail: screen print to screen print a design onto a shirt, fine mesh screens are created with a stencil of your design. similar to film photography, emulsion is applied to a screen, a negative image of the design is transferred onto the screen by exposure to light, and then the design (portion where the emulsion wasn't exposed to light) is blown out with high pressure water. what results is basically a stencil of your design. a screen is created for each layer or ink color used in the design. next, the ink is squeezed through the stencil design portion of the screens onto a t-shirt by an automated or manual squeegee. after all color layers are applied to the shirt, it goes on a trip through a high-heat dryer to quickly dry the ink. and voila, a custom screen printed tee is born! we use this method, in most cases, for orders with six garments or more. digital printing digital printing is a new technology that produces incredible print quality. it is generally used for small quantities or complex, multi-colored artwork. the benefits of using this method are an unlimited color range, a durable imprint, and an excellent print quality with designs involving photos. bluecotton uses only the latest and very best digital printers on the market today. all of our machines are made by kornit, the leader in digital print technology. names and numbers when you use the "names and numbers" feature in our design studio, we create individual vinyl names and numbers in the font and color you selected for each shirt. we offer 18 different colored vinyls to choose from. the names and numbers are applied to the garment via a heat press, cooled, and then backing removed. if you want a screen printed ink color in your design to match a certain vinyl color for the names and numbers, please specify this in the "give us special instructions" box in the design studio. we will make our best effort to match the ink color to the vinyl color you select. 8. can i print on the sleeves? yes, you can add a sleeve print to many of our garments by using the add sleeve print tool in the design studio. keep it simple. sleeve prints are 3.25" by 3.25" and may use no more than two colors. we do require a minimum order quantity of six garments in order to include a sleeve print. if you do not see the add sleeve print tool on the garment you have selected, let us know! we can look into sleeve printing as an option for that particular garment. 9. can my design wrap around the sleeves? no. sleeve prints must be small enough to fit on one side or length of a sleeve. 10. how can i make white areas transparent when i upload an image? if you upload a multi-color drawing or logo, you may want to make some areas transparent or the color of the garment. use the "make an area transparent" feature at the bottom of the color palette. if a white or other color static is left after using this feature, don't worry. our artists will clean up the image. it would be helpful to explain to us in the "give us special instructions" box (lower right corner in the design studio) what you would like to be removed or fixed about your uploaded image. if you use the transparency tool and notice it takes more color out of the image than you intended, please select remove transparency and proceed to leaving notes in the add special instructions box about what you would like the design team to remove from your image. 11. how do i make a special request for my order? if you have any special requests for your order (e.g. a specific pms color to use, notes on the print location, request to fix a portion of the artwork, color change on ink or garments, a deadline for an event) the best way to let us know is to type them into the "add special instructions" box (for orders of 12 or more) in the lower right corner of the design studio. a customer service rep will follow up with you on your instructions once your order is placed. 12. how can i make the garment or names/number colors to match my ink colors? since garments, ink, and vinyl are made from different materials, sometimes their colors don't match as displayed in the design studio. to correct this, please indicate in the "give us special instructions" box (lower right corner of the design studio) what colors you would like us to match. when we print your order, we will make our best effort to match screen print ink colors to a portion of the garment or to the color you select for names and numbers. 1. can you embroider and screen print on the same shirt? at this current time our website is not set up for both screen printing and embroidery on the same shirt. if you would like to do this you can contact a customer service representative by calling 1-800-536-1435 or emailing tshirts@bluecotton.com and they can help you get your order started. 2. what is the production process for embroidery orders? embroidery starts with the artwork for your design being digitized. this is the process of converting a two-dimensional design into stitches. this process puts the design into a format whereby our embroidery machines can sew your design in different threads colors onto your garment. the specific thread colors (we have over forty to choose from) are manually loaded into our machines once we've created the digitized file of your design and the garment is placed in a special hoop and loaded into the machine. using the special design file, the machines sew the design in a particular color sequence. 3. how large can you sew my design? maximum design areas vary based on the item being embroidered. for apparel we recommend 3 ½ wide x 2 ½ tall; hats 3 ½ wide x 2 ¼ tall; and visors 3 ½ wide x 1 ½ tall. in addition to the maximum design areas we also suggest all text within a design measure at least ¼ for the best sewing conditions. you can adjust the size of your image by using the precision tools in the design studio. 4. what images or designs work best for embroidery? we highly recommend using simple designs for embroidery. those with solid colors, bold lines and text at least â¼" tall will look the cleanest and really stand out. consider avoiding designs with substantial fine detail, shading or gradient and photographs. 5. how will you match thread colors to the colors in my design? we have 44 thread options to use when selecting colors for your design. unlike ink colors in screen print, there are only a finite number of thread colors. for this reason an artist will select the closest thread match to your uploaded image. if it will drastically change the look of your logo the artist will contact you with an updated proof for your approval. 1. will you ship my order without payment? unless you have used a po, your order will not be shipped without full payment. we do require resolution of any payment issues (e.g. additional garment or ship costs, bad payment information) before we ship your order. we will always contact you if there's a problem. 2. how do i order the same design on different color shirts and still get a bulk rate discount? we would be happy to accommodate your request for a t-shirt color change while preserving your bulk discount, providing the design remain the same across the different t-shirt colors. unfortunately, the website is not set up to handle the t-shirt color change at this time. the best way to achieve this is to order all 20 shirts in one color (aqua) and use the special instructions box to designate the sizes and quantities you want in yellow. our customer service representatives will make the t-shirt color change in our internal system, and you will received an email confirmation reflecting the multiple color shirts. also, there is a $19.95 charge for the ink color change if the shirts require different color inks. please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. 3. why is there a set up fee? we have added a one time set up fee for all one and two piece orders. we know this fee might be an inconvenience to most people, but it is needed to be able to give the best quality product in the quickest amount of time. we apologize for any problems this might have caused you. this fee only applies to one and two piece orders, anything three and over does not have the set up fee. 4. can i re-order a design i have previously ordered? yes, if you have your previous order saved in your saved designs section you can re-order in a few simple steps. 5. if i have already placed my order, can i still add more shirts to it? you can add shirts, but there is a small window of opportunity for this to happen. the sooner you can call and add the shirts to the order, the better. we recommend contacting your sales representative by the 4th business day at the latest. you cannot add shirts to rush orders. adding shirts in general will delay the production of your shirts and delay them getting to you. 6. can i use a credit card to pay for my order? yes. we accept discover, visa, mastercard and american express credit card for payment. please submit accurate information; the billing address you enter must match the address your credit company has on file. your order will not be processed without good credit card information. 7. do you accept purchase orders from schools or other organizations? yes. we accept purchase orders from most government and educational institutions and some businesses. to submit your request for payment by po, fill out the po form in the payment section of checkout. a physical copy of the purchase order must be received via fax 1-800-868-1560 or email tshirts@bluecotton.com in order for production to begin. you can expect your order to arrive 10 business days from the day we receive a copy of your purchase order. 1. do you carry youth-sized shirts? yes, we offer t-shirts, sweatshirts and athletic apparel in youth sizes. our youth-sized shirts are indicated by a "y" in front of the size. not every color offered comes in youth sizes, but most of the basic colors will have youth sizes. all of our youth garments can be found by selecting "youth" under the "our products" menu in the header. 2. do you offer organic tees? yes. many of our customers have expressed an interest in organic clothing. we have responded to these requests by adding shirts to our website that are made from 100% organic cotton. these t-shirts can be found by typing "organic" into the search bar. 3. where can i find a sizing chart for a garment? once you click a specific garment style a product page with available colors, details, and a sizing chart will be displayed. clicking on the link labeled "see how it fits", which is located under the garment photo on the left, will display the sizing chart. the body width measurement is taken across the chest at approximately two inches below the armpit seam. the body length is measured in a straight line from the highest point of the shoulder, down to the bottom of the shirt. if you still have questions on a product, please feel free to contact us. 4. do you offer infant and/or toddler shirts? yes. currently, these garments are not available at our website but we can order them for you. if you would like to order infant or toddler sizes for your order, please contact a customer service rep by calling 1-800-536-1435 or start a live chat by clicking the orange chat icon in the bottom right corner of every page. 5. do you offer big and tall sizes? we do have three options available online, but there are more options available that we can order for you. our online options include the 2000t gildan ultra cotton tall tee and the 518t hanes tall beefy-t in the short sleeve section, as well as the d100t tall pima pique short sleeve polo. please contact a customer service rep to find out what additional styles we can offer you. 1. what factors affect the price of my order? all shirts receiving the same exact design are considered one order. there are several variables that affect the pricing on your order: brand and style of garments, quantity of garments, color of garments, number of ink colors and number of print/embroidery locations. the price of garments between brands and styles varies; gildan, fruit of the loom and hanes make some of the lowest priced garments available. we recommend gildan 5000 and fruit of the loom 3930 for the best value. the more garments you order, the more your price will go down. in general, white garments will be cheaper than colored garments. the less ink colors and less print/embroidered areas (front, back, sleeves) you use in your design, the lower your price will be. if you want to lower your price per shirt, try adjusting one or more of these variables. plus sizes (2xl and up) carry an upcharge starting at $1.50/shirt. 2. how can i get a quote for a print order? you can get a quote on a print garment at our website by clicking "get quick price" under any style garment. in the window that pops up, enter the quantity of garments, number of ink colors on the front of the shirt (if applicable) and number of ink colors on the back of the shirt (if applicable). then, click "get price". you will now be able to view the price per garment for white or colored garments for all available styles--it's a great tool to compare shirts. if you plan on adding names and numbers personalization, be sure to add $3 per shirt for each name and number to the quoted price. if you need a quote for a style or design outside of our quick price feature, please give us a call at 1-800-536-1435. 3. how can i get a quote for an embroidery order? the majority of our items available for embroidery are found under "our products" in the categories of hats and corporate. however, when you select an item for design in the design studio it will give you all production options available for that garment. if embroidery is an option to select then we can embroider that item. you can get a quote on an embroidery garment at our website by clicking "get quick price" under any style garment. in the window that pops up, enter the quantity of garments you plan on ordering. then, click "get price". you will now be able to view the price per garment for all available styles, which includes one embroidered location. get quick price is a great tool to compare pricing among styles. if you plan on adding additional embroidery locations to the chest, sleeves, or back under collar of the garment, be sure to add per location per shirt to the quoted price. if you need a quote for a style or design outside of our quick price feature, please give us a call at 1-800-536-1435. 4. how do i order the same design on different color shirts and still get a bulk discount? you can change your t-shirt colors while preserving your bulk discount provided the design remains the same across the different shirt colors. in order to qualify for the bulk discount, the design, including ink colors, must not be altered in any way. here's how to do it: first, create your design on a garment in the design studio. then, add the quantity that you would like in that particular style and color to the shopping cart. in the shopping cart, select "add this design to another garment" to change the garment type, color and sizes for the same design. repeat this process until all of the garment styles and colors that you would like to order have been added to the cart. the bulk discount is applied automatically. 5. can i order different designs on multiple shirts and get a bulk discount for the total number of shirts ordered? no. each design is considered one order with its own pricing. for instance, if you order a total of 100 shirts with each quantity of 25 receiving a different design, than you would be priced at a quantity of 25 for four separate orders. 6. why is there a set up fee for small printing and embroidery orders? we have added a set-up fee for one and two piece orders. we know this fee might be an inconvenience but it allows us to give you the best quality product in the quickest amount of time. this fee only applies to one and two piece orders; any order three pieces and over does not carry the set up fee. 1. can i reorder a design i have previously ordered? yes. if you have your previous order saved in your saved designs section you can reorder in a few simple steps. there will be a $25 reorder fee assessed to all reorder under 20 pieces. if you cannot access your account online or you previously ordered without an account, please contact a customer service rep to assist you with your reorder. 1. can i change the sizes in my order once the order has been placed? yes, but we do not recommend making changes to your order once it has been placed unless it is absolutely necessary. please contact your customer service rep as soon as possible to make any size changes. 2. can i add more shirts to my order once the order has been placed? yes. you can add shirts to your order but there is a small window of opportunity to make changes. the sooner you let us know of additional sizes, the better. we recommend contacting your customer service rep by the second or third business day at the latest. please call us at 1-800-536-1435 to add shirts to your standard order. you cannot add shirts to rush orders. adding shirts may delay the production time of your order. 1. do you accept returns? we know that ordering custom t-shirts and custom products online carries its fair share of anxiety! we want to take that worry out of the equation for you. we promise to get your order to you the way you created it and in the timeframe that you choose. if for some reason the finished product is materially different from what you created we will replace your order in full or refund your money! how's that for removing anxiety? please contact us within 15 days of receiving your order so that we can provide a quick resolution for you. 1. how will the shirts ship to each customer? the default setting for campaigns is for each shirt to ship directly to the individual buyers. the shirts are shipped using usps first class and are guaranteed to ship 10 business days from the campaign end date. if you would prefer to have all the shirts shipped to one location you can select your preference in step 2 of the order process. 2. what products are available? shop from the 100's of products available on our site. once you finish your design you will be asked to select between placing an order or starting a campaign. we currently offer a few add-on styles inside the campaign including a long sleeve and tank top but if you do not find the product you looking for as an add-on you might want to consider starting a campaign for that product as well. 3. when will i receive my shirts? all campaign orders are guaranteed to ship within 10 business days of the campaign end date. shirts are then shipped using usps first class. 4. what if i don't meet my sales goal? no problem! as long as the campaign funds (meaning that it makes one cent or more for the campaign creator) it will ship out as scheduled. if your campaign does not fund remember that you can always tweak your design, garments, pricing, dates, etc and try again. campaigns are free so start as many as you like! 5. what if i exceed my sales goal? that's awesome! the more you sell the more money you will make. you can always get an update on how the campaign is going by logging into your account and viewing your open campaigns. no matter how many shirts you sell we still guarantee the products to ship within 10 business days of the campaign completion date. browse our products start designing when will i receive my standard order? when will i receive my standard order? for orders within the 48 contiguous states, your order will be delivered to you in 10 business days or less from the date on which you place your order. all of our orders have guaranteed delivery. if your order requires delivery in less than 10 business days, we also offer three rush options that guarantee delivery to you in five business days or less (see "what is rush delivery"). our shipping calendar on the home page (www.bluecotton.com) details our rush shipping options and the guaranteed date of delivery for each. we ship all orders via usps and ups from our production facility in bowling green, kentucky. orders are shipped monday through friday, with the exception of national holidays. what is rush delivery? what is rush delivery? rush delivery is an upgrade option that guarantees your order to arrive in five business days from the day you place your order. rush delivery is available at an additional 15% of your order total, or $25, whichever is greater. this service is only available for orders within the 48 contiguous states. do you ship to military addresses? do you ship to military addresses? yes. we provide free shipping on standard orders only via usps to military addresses and apo boxes. to properly ship to military addresses, we need the recipient's full name (with or without rank, title, or position), unit designation and apo/fpo designation with the nine-digit zip code. we aren't responsible for delivery delays if we're given incorrect or incomplete military ship addresses. we are unable to guarantee delivery of these orders in 10 business days or provide rush delivery options. delivery times depend on the location. what if i need an order in less than a week? what if i need an order in less than a week? we have two guaranteed shipping options to accommodate a deadline of less than five days. the first option is our super rush delivery. with super rush you can choose from a limited selection of garments; orders that are placed before noon cst on a business day have guaranteed arrival in three business days. if the order is placed after noon cst they will arrive in four business days. super rush delivery is available at an additional 25% of your order total, or $39, whichever is greater. if you need shirts sooner we have a shirts in a day delivery. shirts in a day is available at an additional 40% of your order total, or $69, whichever is greater. this option allows orders that are placed before noon cst on a business day to ship the same day with guaranteed arrival the next business day. if the order is placed after noon cst they will arrive in two business days. what shipping information do you need? what shipping information do you need? standard u.s. mail postal address format is what we need (no po boxes can be accepted, however). please be sure to give us your full company name (if applicable), your full name, full street number, full street name, any and all apt, suite, floor, room or mailbox number designations, city, state, province, country and zip (postal) code. do you ship to international addresses? do you ship to international addresses? yes, for standard orders only, we can ship to an international address. you will need to select a shipping quote during checkout. please note that you will be responsible for any applicable customs fees incurred prior to receiving your order. can i ship to a hotel where i will be a guest? can i ship to a hotel where i will be a guest? yes. you must confirm with your hotel that you can receive packages and if there are any other special stipulations. many hotels require that the guest has checked in before receiving packages so be sure to check with your hotel. please give us the full hotel name, your full name (or whose name the room is registered in) and room number (if available), full street number, full street name, city, state, province, country and zip (postal) code. we are not responsible if a package is not received due to hotel policies and/or you haven't arrived and the package is refused by the hotel. will you ship my order without payment? will you ship my order without payment? unless you have used a po, your order will not be shipped without full payment. we do require resolution of any payment issues (e.g. additional garment or ship costs, bad payment information) before we ship your order. we will always contact you if there's a problem. are there additional shipping fees for orders shipped to a canadian address? are there additional shipping fees for orders shipped to a canadian address? brokerage fees and duties may apply to orders that are shipped to canada and are assessed by customs authorities at the time of delivery. bluecotton does not calculate these fees at the time of order, and they are the sole responsibility of the purchaser. please inquire with local customs authorities for more information regarding applicable fees. what resolution should i use for pictures? what resolution should i use for pictures? we recommend 300 dpi or higher. its important for the graphic to be the size you intend to print on the garment. for instance, if you want your graphic to print 10"w x 11"h, make it 10"w x 11"h at 300 dpi. for more information check out our blog entry. can you print over the zipper on a hoodie? can you print over the zipper on a hoodie? yes we can. however, the print may be skewed a little or not as clear as it would normally be if printed directly on the garment. we recommend that this only be done on hidden zipper garments. you can call 1-800-536-1435 or email tshirts@bluecotton.com to discuss this option with a customer service representative. how long does the screen printing last on a shirt? how long does the screen printing last on a shirt? the industry standard for the longevity of screen printed shirts is around 35 washes, however, many screenprinted items will last for many years. we recommend machine-washing your screen printed t-shirts inside out in cold water and tumble drying on low (unless the garment tag calls for a different drying procedure). we do not recommend dry cleaning any screen printed garments. how do i get names and numbers to appear on the front and the back of the garment? how do i get names and numbers to appear on the front and the back of the garment? use the "names & numbers" feature located on the left hand side of the design studio to enter personalized names and/or numbers on the appropriate sizes of your t-shirts. you cannot add names and numbers to the front of a t-shirt within the design studio. however, if you would like names and numbers on the front of a garment, please call 1-800-536-1435 or email tshirts@bluecotton.com our customer service department, explaining that you want the names and/or numbers to appear on the front as well as on the back of your garments. there will be an extra charge assessed to your order. a customer service representative will review this extra charge with you when you contact us. will my design be centered on the shirt? will my design be centered on the shirt? yes. sometimes the center feature in the design studio doesn't appear to be centered on the screen. our art department makes sure that everything is centered and sized appropriately before we print your shirts. you can always leave notes in special instructions that you would like the design to be centered. our design team will see those notes and make sure everything is centered prior to production. how large can you print my design? how large can you print my design? our maximum imprint area is 13 inches wide by 15 inches tall on both the front and back of the garment. keep in mind that this imprint size is bigger than many of the shirts that we offer, especially in sizes small and medium. can you embroider and screen print on the same shirt? can you embroider and screen print on the same shirt? at this current time our website is not set up for both screen printing and embroidery on the same shirt. if you would like to do this you can contact a customer service representative by calling 1-800-536-1435 or emailing tshirts@bluecotton.com and they can help you get your order started. how will my garments be printed? how will my garments be printed? we have three different methods for printing your custom garments. •screen print •digital printing •vinyl names and numbers there are a number of factors that determine what method will be used in the production of your garment. •quantities of six or more will generally be screen printed. •single garment orders or orders with less than six garments are almost always produced using digital printing. •there are certain special instances that will not fall into these specific guidelines. if the imprint area exceeds the printable area of our screen printing equipment, the garments will be produced via digital printing regardless of quantities. here is more information about these methods in detail: screen print to screen print a design onto a shirt, fine mesh screens are created with a stencil of your design. similar to film photography, emulsion is applied to a screen, a negative image of the design is transferred onto the screen by exposure to light, and then the design (portion where the emulsion wasn't exposed to light) is blown out with high pressure water. what results is basically a stencil of your design. a screen is created for each layer or ink color used in the design. next, the ink is squeezed through the stencil design portion of the screens onto a t-shirt by an automated or manual squeegee. after all color layers are applied to the shirt, it goes on a trip through a high-heat dryer to quickly dry the ink. and voila, a custom screen printed tee is born! we use this method, in most cases, for orders with six garments or more. digital printing digital printing is a new technology that produces incredible print quality. it is generally used for small quantities or complex, multi-colored artwork. the benefits of using this method are an unlimited color range, a durable imprint, and an excellent print quality with designs involving photos. bluecotton uses only the latest and very best digital printers on the market today. all of our machines are made by kornit, the leader in digital print technology. names and numbers when you use the "names and numbers" feature in our design studio, we create individual vinyl names and numbers in the font and color you selected for each shirt. we offer 18 different colored vinyls to choose from. the names and numbers are applied to the garment via a heat press, cooled, and then backing removed. if you want a screen printed ink color in your design to match a certain vinyl color for the names and numbers, please specify this in the "give us special instructions" box in the design studio. we will make our best effort to match the ink color to the vinyl color you select. can i print on the sleeves? can i print on the sleeves? yes, you can add a sleeve print to many of our garments by using the add sleeve print tool in the design studio. keep it simple. sleeve prints are 3.25" by 3.25" and may use no more than two colors. we do require a minimum order quantity of six garments in order to include a sleeve print. if you do not see the add sleeve print tool on the garment you have selected, let us know! we can look into sleeve printing as an option for that particular garment. can my design wrap around the sleeves? can my design wrap around the sleeves? no. sleeve prints must be small enough to fit on one side or length of a sleeve. how can i make white areas transparent when i upload an image? how can i make white areas transparent when i upload an image? if you upload a multi-color drawing or logo, you may want to make some areas transparent or the color of the garment. use the "make an area transparent" feature at the bottom of the color palette. if a white or other color static is left after using this feature, don't worry. our artists will clean up the image. it would be helpful to explain to us in the "give us special instructions" box (lower right corner in the design studio) what you would like to be removed or fixed about your uploaded image. if you use the transparency tool and notice it takes more color out of the image than you intended, please select remove transparency and proceed to leaving notes in the add special instructions box about what you would like the design team to remove from your image. how do i make a special request for my order? how do i make a special request for my order? if you have any special requests for your order (e.g. a specific pms color to use, notes on the print location, request to fix a portion of the artwork, color change on ink or garments, a deadline for an event) the best way to let us know is to type them into the "add special instructions" box (for orders of 12 or more) in the lower right corner of the design studio. a customer service rep will follow up with you on your instructions once your order is placed. how can i make the garment or names/number colors to match my ink colors? how can i make the garment or names/number colors to match my ink colors? since garments, ink, and vinyl are made from different materials, sometimes their colors don't match as displayed in the design studio. to correct this, please indicate in the "give us special instructions" box (lower right corner of the design studio) what colors you would like us to match. when we print your order, we will make our best effort to match screen print ink colors to a portion of the garment or to the color you select for names and numbers. what is the production process for embroidery orders? what is the production process for embroidery orders? embroidery starts with the artwork for your design being digitized. this is the process of converting a two-dimensional design into stitches. this process puts the design into a format whereby our embroidery machines can sew your design in different threads colors onto your garment. the specific thread colors (we have over forty to choose from) are manually loaded into our machines once we've created the digitized file of your design and the garment is placed in a special hoop and loaded into the machine. using the special design file, the machines sew the design in a particular color sequence. how large can you sew my design? how large can you sew my design? maximum design areas vary based on the item being embroidered. for apparel we recommend 3 ½ wide x 2 ½ tall; hats 3 ½ wide x 2 ¼ tall; and visors 3 ½ wide x 1 ½ tall. in addition to the maximum design areas we also suggest all text within a design measure at least ¼ for the best sewing conditions. you can adjust the size of your image by using the precision tools in the design studio. what images or designs work best for embroidery? what images or designs work best for embroidery? we highly recommend using simple designs for embroidery. those with solid colors, bold lines and text at least â¼" tall will look the cleanest and really stand out. consider avoiding designs with substantial fine detail, shading or gradient and photographs. how will you match thread colors to the colors in my design? how will you match thread colors to the colors in my design? we have 44 thread options to use when selecting colors for your design. unlike ink colors in screen print, there are only a finite number of thread colors. for this reason an artist will select the closest thread match to your uploaded image. if it will drastically change the look of your logo the artist will contact you with an updated proof for your approval. how do i order the same design on different color shirts and still get a bulk rate discount? how do i order the same design on different color shirts and still get a bulk rate discount? we would be happy to accommodate your request for a t-shirt color change while preserving your bulk discount, providing the design remain the same across the different t-shirt colors. unfortunately, the website is not set up to handle the t-shirt color change at this time. the best way to achieve this is to order all 20 shirts in one color (aqua) and use the special instructions box to designate the sizes and quantities you want in yellow. our customer service representatives will make the t-shirt color change in our internal system, and you will received an email confirmation reflecting the multiple color shirts. also, there is a $19.95 charge for the ink color change if the shirts require different color inks. please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. why is there a set up fee? why is there a set up fee? we have added a one time set up fee for all one and two piece orders. we know this fee might be an inconvenience to most people, but it is needed to be able to give the best quality product in the quickest amount of time. we apologize for any problems this might have caused you. this fee only applies to one and two piece orders, anything three and over does not have the set up fee. can i re-order a design i have previously ordered? can i re-order a design i have previously ordered? yes, if you have your previous order saved in your saved designs section you can re-order in a few simple steps. if i have already placed my order, can i still add more shirts to it? if i have already placed my order, can i still add more shirts to it? you can add shirts, but there is a small window of opportunity for this to happen. the sooner you can call and add the shirts to the order, the better. we recommend contacting your sales representative by the 4th business day at the latest. you cannot add shirts to rush orders. adding shirts in general will delay the production of your shirts and delay them getting to you. can i change the sizes in my order once the order has been placed? can i change the sizes in my order once the order has been placed? yes, but we do not recommend making changes to your order once it has been placed unless it is absolutely necessary. please contact your customer service rep as soon as possible to make any size changes. can i use a credit card to pay for my order? can i use a credit card to pay for my order? yes. we accept discover, visa, mastercard and american express credit card for payment. please submit accurate information; the billing address you enter must match the address your credit company has on file. your order will not be processed without good credit card information. do you accept purchase orders from schools or other organizations? do you accept purchase orders from schools or other organizations? yes. we accept purchase orders from most government and educational institutions and some businesses. to submit your request for payment by po, fill out the po form in the payment section of checkout. a physical copy of the purchase order must be received via fax 1-800-868-1560 or email tshirts@bluecotton.com in order for production to begin. you can expect your order to arrive 10 business days from the day we receive a copy of your purchase order. do you carry youth-sized shirts? do you carry youth-sized shirts? yes, we offer t-shirts, sweatshirts and athletic apparel in youth sizes. our youth-sized shirts are indicated by a "y" in front of the size. not every color offered comes in youth sizes, but most of the basic colors will have youth sizes. all of our youth garments can be found by selecting "youth" under the "our products" menu in the header. do you offer organic tees? do you offer organic tees? yes. many of our customers have expressed an interest in organic clothing. we have responded to these requests by adding shirts to our website that are made from 100% organic cotton. these t-shirts can be found by typing "organic" into the search bar. where can i find a sizing chart for a garment? where can i find a sizing chart for a garment? once you click a specific garment style a product page with available colors, details, and a sizing chart will be displayed. clicking on the link labeled "see how it fits", which is located under the garment photo on the left, will display the sizing chart. the body width measurement is taken across the chest at approximately two inches below the armpit seam. the body length is measured in a straight line from the highest point of the shoulder, down to the bottom of the shirt. if you still have questions on a product, please feel free to contact us. do you offer infant and/or toddler shirts? do you offer infant and/or toddler shirts? yes. currently, these garments are not available at our website but we can order them for you. if you would like to order infant or toddler sizes for your order, please contact a customer service rep by calling 1-800-536-1435 or start a live chat by clicking the orange chat icon in the bottom right corner of every page. do you offer big and tall sizes? do you offer big and tall sizes? we do have three options available online, but there are more options available that we can order for you. our online options include the 2000t gildan ultra cotton tall tee and the 518t hanes tall beefy-t in the short sleeve section, as well as the d100t tall pima pique short sleeve polo. please contact a customer service rep to find out what additional styles we can offer you. what factors affect the price of my order? what factors affect the price of my order? all shirts receiving the same exact design are considered one order. there are several variables that affect the pricing on your order: brand and style of garments, quantity of garments, color of garments, number of ink colors and number of print/embroidery locations. the price of garments between brands and styles varies; gildan, fruit of the loom and hanes make some of the lowest priced garments available. we recommend gildan 5000 and fruit of the loom 3930 for the best value. the more garments you order, the more your price will go down. in general, white garments will be cheaper than colored garments. the less ink colors and less print/embroidered areas (front, back, sleeves) you use in your design, the lower your price will be. if you want to lower your price per shirt, try adjusting one or more of these variables. plus sizes (2xl and up) carry an upcharge starting at $1.50/shirt. how can i get a quote for a print order? how can i get a quote for a print order? you can get a quote on a print garment at our website by clicking "get quick price" under any style garment. in the window that pops up, enter the quantity of garments, number of ink colors on the front of the shirt (if applicable) and number of ink colors on the back of the shirt (if applicable). then, click "get price". you will now be able to view the price per garment for white or colored garments for all available styles--it's a great tool to compare shirts. if you plan on adding names and numbers personalization, be sure to add $3 per shirt for each name and number to the quoted price. if you need a quote for a style or design outside of our quick price feature, please give us a call at 1-800-536-1435. how can i get a quote for an embroidery order? how can i get a quote for an embroidery order? the majority of our items available for embroidery are found under "our products" in the categories of hats and corporate. however, when you select an item for design in the design studio it will give you all production options available for that garment. if embroidery is an option to select then we can embroider that item. you can get a quote on an embroidery garment at our website by clicking "get quick price" under any style garment. in the window that pops up, enter the quantity of garments you plan on ordering. then, click "get price". you will now be able to view the price per garment for all available styles, which includes one embroidered location. get quick price is a great tool to compare pricing among styles. if you plan on adding additional embroidery locations to the chest, sleeves, or back under collar of the garment, be sure to add per location per shirt to the quoted price. if you need a quote for a style or design outside of our quick price feature, please give us a call at 1-800-536-1435. how do i order the same design on different color shirts and still get a bulk discount? how do i order the same design on different color shirts and still get a bulk discount? you can change your t-shirt colors while preserving your bulk discount provided the design remains the same across the different shirt colors. in order to qualify for the bulk discount, the design, including ink colors, must not be altered in any way. here's how to do it: first, create your design on a garment in the design studio. then, add the quantity that you would like in that particular style and color to the shopping cart. in the shopping cart, select "add this design to another garment" to change the garment type, color and sizes for the same design. repeat this process until all of the garment styles and colors that you would like to order have been added to the cart. the bulk discount is applied automatically. can i order different designs on multiple shirts and get a bulk discount for the total number of shirts ordered? can i order different designs on multiple shirts and get a bulk discount for the total number of shirts ordered? no. each design is considered one order with its own pricing. for instance, if you order a total of 100 shirts with each quantity of 25 receiving a different design, than you would be priced at a quantity of 25 for four separate orders. why is there a set up fee for small printing and embroidery orders? why is there a set up fee for small printing and embroidery orders? we have added a set-up fee for one and two piece orders. we know this fee might be an inconvenience but it allows us to give you the best quality product in the quickest amount of time. this fee only applies to one and two piece orders; any order three pieces and over does not carry the set up fee. can i reorder a design i have previously ordered? can i reorder a design i have previously ordered? yes. if you have your previous order saved in your saved designs section you can reorder in a few simple steps. there will be a $25 reorder fee assessed to all reorder under 20 pieces. if you cannot access your account online or you previously ordered without an account, please contact a customer service rep to assist you with your reorder. can i add more shirts to my order once the order has been placed? can i add more shirts to my order once the order has been placed? yes. you can add shirts to your order but there is a small window of opportunity to make changes. the sooner you let us know of additional sizes, the better. we recommend contacting your customer service rep by the second or third business day at the latest. please call us at 1-800-536-1435 to add shirts to your standard order. you cannot add shirts to rush orders. adding shirts may delay the production time of your order. how will the shirts ship to each customer? how will the shirts ship to each customer? the default setting for campaigns is for each shirt to ship directly to the individual buyers. the shirts are shipped using usps first class and are guaranteed to ship 10 business days from the campaign end date. if you would prefer to have all the shirts shipped to one location you can select your preference in step 2 of the order process. what products are available? what products are available? shop from the 100's of products available on our site. once you finish your design you will be asked to select between placing an order or starting a campaign. we currently offer a few add-on styles inside the campaign including a long sleeve and tank top but if you do not find the product you looking for as an add-on you might want to consider starting a campaign for that product as well. when will i receive my shirts? when will i receive my shirts? all campaign orders are guaranteed to ship within 10 business days of the campaign end date. shirts are then shipped using usps first class. what if i don't meet my sales goal? what if i don't meet my sales goal? no problem! as long as the campaign funds (meaning that it makes one cent or more for the campaign creator) it will ship out as scheduled. if your campaign does not fund remember that you can always tweak your design, garments, pricing, dates, etc and try again. campaigns are free so start as many as you like! what if i exceed my sales goal? what if i exceed my sales goal? that's awesome! the more you sell the more money you will make. you can always get an update on how the campaign is going by logging into your account and viewing your open campaigns. no matter how many shirts you sell we still guarantee the products to ship within 10 business days of the campaign completion date. do you accept returns? do you accept returns? we know that ordering custom t-shirts and custom products online carries its fair share of anxiety! we want to take that worry out of the equation for you. we promise to get your order to you the way you created it and in the timeframe that you choose. if for some reason the finished product is materially different from what you created we will replace your order in full or refund your money! how's that for removing anxiety? please contact us within 15 days of receiving your order so that we can provide a quick resolution for you. choose your products to customize browse our products start designing payment methods satisfaction guaranteed: if we make a mistake on your order, we will replace it for free!! get 10% off now! you’ll also receive updates about special offers later. email signup useful links our products design studio quick price faqs bluecotton about privacy policy bluecotton blog talk to a real person 1.800.536.1435 live chat m-f 7:30am - 5:30pm ct send us an email phone hours monday-friday: 7:30am - 5:30pm ct follow us © 2020 bluecotton.com. all rights reserved. get 10% off now! and receive news about future promotions & special offers later.