来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151228092712/http://www.popsockets.com/pages/terms
================================================================================

terms | popsockets log in create an account cart (0) build-a-popsocket best sellers popclip all products learn cases popsockets all products terms & conditions 1. use of this site 2. image ownership 3. terms of use 4. privacy policy 5. returns 6. warranty 1. use of this site this site is the property of popsockets llc. your use of this site, any services made available through this site (the "services") or the purchase of products using the site is subject to your agreement to the terms and conditions set forth herein and the completion of any applicable registration requirement. by accessing or registering to access any portion of this site or any services or by using any portion of this site or any services you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. if you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, please do not proceed any further and do not access or use this site or any of the services made available herein. for intellectual property information, click here. 2. warranty of image ownership you expressly acknowledge and agree that any image submitted to popsockets.com (or via any means to popsockets llc) is either owned by you or rightfully licensed to you for use and that such image submission follows the terms and conditions of use of popsockets.com. any misuse – whether directly or indirectly – as defined by infringement on the rightful owner’s trademarks or copyrights shall be the sole responsibility of you and your use of any images that violate any intellectual property laws shall be at your sole risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you and you agree to hold popsockets.com and popsockets llc harmless from any claims that might arise from such misuse of the image you are about to submit and you agree to indemnify us from legal or financial liability resulting from such use. popsockets llc may provide third-party artwork for incorporation into popsockets products. popsockets llc either owns that artwork or has licensed the right to use that artwork for incorporation into popsockets products. use of artwork on the site for any other purpose is prohibited. reproduction of any artwork from popsockets products or from the site is prohibited. 3. terms of use use of this site is solely at popsockets llc’s discretion, and popsockets llc reserves the right to prohibit anyone from accessing, browsing, supplying information to or downloading information from this site. you are not granted any rights in or to this site, any services or any information, other than the limited right to use this site, the services or the information according to the terms of this agreement and the policies and procedures that popsockets llc may adopt and make available on this site from time to time. popsockets llc may terminate your access to this site at any time. this site is for your personal, non-commercial use. this site contains information proprietary to popsockets llc and its business partners and customers (the "information") including but not limited to (i) the site’s look, feel and embodied know-how, ideas, concepts and images and (ii) information and data related to popsockets llc, its business partners and its or their customers. you acknowledge that this information may be treated as confidential by popsockets llc, its business partners and customers and agree to take all reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the information. this site is protected by u.s. copyright law and international treaties. our business partners or customers providing or using information that is made available on this site, including yourself, are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of the information supplied or used and agree not to supply any information that infringes the intellectual property rights of any other party or that is misleading, fraudulent, defamatory, libelous, threatening, harassing, injurious to minors, pornographic, obscene or illegal. you agree (i) not to retransmit, publicly display, sell or use the information provided for business purposes, and (ii) not to alter or remove any of the information or any consent or other proprietary notice or legend on any of the information, other than information that you have supplied. you hereby grant popsockets llc the non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use, copy and prepare derivative works of the information that you submit to the site for purposes of fulfilling your orders. you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding your access to and use of the site and the services. you must be at least 13 years of age to use the site. site errors in the event a product is listed on the site at an incorrect price or with incorrect information, orders for such products will be revised to reflect the correct price or information. popsockets llc reserves the right to reject any orders placed on the site. personal information in order to access and use the site or to order products through the site, you may be required to provide information about yourself (such as your name and contact details). you agree to provide us with accurate information. our current practices related to personally identifiable information collected through the site are set forth below. we may update our privacy policy and practices from time to time at our sole discretion. 4. privacy policy this privacy policy is designed to notify you about how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and otherwise process personally identifiable information that we collect on the site ('personal information’). each time you visit the site, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and processing of personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. in particular, if you are located in a jurisdiction outside the united states, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to our servers and computer systems anywhere in the world, including to countries that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction. if you provide any personal information that relates to another person you hereby state and agree that you have obtained proper consent from such person for the use, disclosure, and processing of such personal information as described in this privacy policy. the site actively collects personal information from you when you register with the site, when you send any e-mail to the site administrator, and when you submit any information to the site. the kinds of personal information you may provide include your name, contact information including e-mail address, user id, and other information that you include in any communication or submission. we may use this personal information to register you with the site, to respond to your inquiry or the issue you pose to the site administrator, to post your submissions to the site and to provide information to others regarding your use of the site. we may also use personal information to notify you about products and services that may be of interest to you. if you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at customerservice@popsockets.com. the site may passively collect certain kinds of information that reveal the frequency with which you visit the site, the times and dates of your visits, the pages you reviewed, persons with whom you interact and other information. information is passively collected through various means. we use internet protocol (ip) addresses to administer the site. we use navigational data, including log files and transmission data, to identify information about your web browser and operating system, the time period in which you visit the site or a portion of the site and other the site members with whom you collaborate. we also use a third-party tracking service that uses tracking technologies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. this information is used to administer the site, report usage metrics and otherwise operate and improve the site content. like many internet sites, the site may use small text files called "cookies" that are sent to the hard drive of your computer to store bits of information related to your use of the site. cookies can store a variety of information, including ip addresses, navigational data, server information, data transfer times, user preferences, and passwords needed to access the site. the ‘help’ section of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to configure your browser to reject cookies altogether. however, if you disable cookies, you might not be able to access important functions or features of the site and your use of the site may be limited. the site combines passively collected information (as described above) with actively collected personal information and information may be recorded as part of your profile. we do record and use personal information provided by you in order to process orders on the site and provide customer service. this can include name, address information, shipping information and contact information you enter in the shopping cart. this information is used in conjunction with processing, shipping and fulfilling orders through the website. we may disclose personal information to third-party service providers performing services on our behalf, including those hosting our servers and providing other technical support services. we use third parties such as a payment processor to bill you for products and a shipping company to ship your order. when you purchase a product, we will share your name, address, credit card details, purchase amount as necessary for the third party to provide that service. when shipping an order, your contact information is passed to our shipping partner for the purpose of calculating postage, purchasing a shipping label, and tracking shipments. these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes. these third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for promotional purposes. all such parties will be under obligation to comply with privacy terms substantially similar to this privacy policy, and to process data in accordance with our instructions. popsockets llc does not share, sell, rent, or trade personal information with third parties for their promotional purposes. we may disclose or transfer personal information (and any related information) as necessary or appropriate: to process orders; to protect the security of the site; to protect ourselves and our affiliated companies against liability; to protect our customers; to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, or legitimate requests by law enforcement officials; if we believe in good faith that the law requires it; to the purchaser in connection with any sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or a part of our business or company; or where we believe in good faith that it is in the interest of the health, safety or protection of any third party. in any of these situations, the recipient of the personal information may be located in the united states or another jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction. if you contribute to a blog or review products on this website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. we are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. links to other sites this website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by popsockets llc. please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website. access to personally identifiable information if you wish to update any personal information you have previously provided, or to exercise any right of access, rectification, deletion, or opposition to the processing of your personal information that you may have under applicable law, please contact us at customerservice@popsockets.com. we normally will be glad to fulfill your request as appropriate, but we reserve the right to use personal information obtained previously to verify your identity and as otherwise described in this privacy policy. to access and update some of personal information, you can log in to your popsockets account and click on ‘view addresses’. sharing designs when sharing a design, you are making that design publicly available. anyone who obtains a copy of the shared link to your design will be able to view it. security the security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). transmissions over the internet are never 100% secure or error-free. as a result, we do not, and cannot, guarantee the security, accuracy, or completeness of personal information. however, we do maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect personal information against unauthorized disclosure or access. changes in this privacy policy if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. please check this privacy policy frequently (if you’re the sort of person who really cares about privacy policies) and please check it particularly before you submit additional information via the site. we reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time and in our sole discretion, except where prior notice or consent is required by law. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. contact us if you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please write to us at: popsockets llc, 5765 arapahoe ave suite c, boulder co 80303; or email info@popsockets.com. 5. returns popsockets are awesome—are you sure you want to do a return? if you're not a fan, perhaps you'd want to give yours to someone who is? if your product is defective, let us know and we'll be happy to make it right. (some people have had their popsocket accordion unsnap from its base—you can fix that problem by following the instructions in this video.) but if you just want to do a return because you don't want the product any more, let us know within 30 days. if 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.  to be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. it must also be in the original packaging.  to complete your return, we require a receipt, order number, or other proof of purchase.   if you purchased popsockets from a third party re-seller or retailer, please return your item(s) to the store where they were purchased. refunds once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. we will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund. if you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment. partial refunds we are not able to offer partial refunds for items that are not in their original condition or items that are returned more than 30 days after delivery. late or missing refunds if you haven’t received a refund yet, contact your bank or credit card company; it may take some processing time before your refund is officially posted. if you’ve done this and you still have not received your refund, please contact us at sales@popsockets.com. exchanges we will happily replace items if you receive them in a defective or damaged state. email sales@popsockets.com and send the defective or damaged item to the below address. shipping to return your product, you should mail your product to: popsockets llc, 5765 arapahoe ave, suite c, boulder co 80303. you will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. if you are shipping items worth over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. we don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item. 6. limited warranty who is covered? this limited warranty is non-transferable and covers only the original end purchaser. an original or copy of the sales receipt from the original popsockets authorized sales retailer is required for warranty service. this limited warranty does not cover products purchased through online auction websites. this limited warranty is provided in addition to any other rights the original end purchaser may have at law. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights that vary from state to state. what is covered and what is the warranty period? popsockets llc ("popsockets"), 5765 arapahoe ave. suite c, boulder, colorado, 80303 u.s.a. (contactable by email at customerservice@popsockets.com), warrants that this product (the “product”) will be free from defects in workmanship and materials under normal use for a period of one year from the original purchase date. what is not covered? normal wear and tear of product use; damage caused by misuse, lack of care, mishandling, accident, or abuse; damage caused by use of the product other than for its intended purpose; damage caused by improper or unauthorized repair or maintenance; damage to a product that has been modified or altered; and damage to any product other than the product, including without limitation damage to any device used in connection with the product. how to make a claim under this limited warranty. warranty claims must be made directly to popsockets. product must be returned to popsockets llc, 5765 arapahoe ave. suite c, boulder, colorado, 80303 u.s.a. via traceable method along with the original purchase receipt and your contact name, phone number, physical and email addresses. if popsockets determines that there is a warranted defect in the product, popsockets will, at its option, remedy the defect, provide a replacement product to you, or provide a refund of the purchase price of the product. popsockets is not liable for products that are damaged or lost in transit to popsockets. you are responsible for customs fees, including, but not limited to, taxes, duties and brokerage. customer will pay shipping costs for the return of goods to popsockets and will also be responsible for customs fees, including, but not limited to, taxes, duties and brokerage. popsockets will pay shipping costs for the return shipment of the replacement product. sole and exclusive remedy for this limited warranty. your sole and exclusive remedy for a claim covered by this limited warranty, and popsockets's sole and entire liability for this limited warranty is, at popsockets's option, to repair or replace the defective product or refund the purchase price of the defective product within 30 days. popsockets reserves the right to send you a replacement product that is the same or of a similar style or a substitute equivalent that may not be of like kind (depending on availability). replacement products will be furnished only on an exchange basis. replacement products are covered by this limited warranty for the remainder of the original applicable product warranty period (in addition to any other rights you may have at law). limited warranty disclaimers -- to the extent permitted by law, popsockets makes no other express or implied warranties and specifically disclaims and excludes all implied warranties, including without limitation merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. if such disclaimer of any express or implied warranty is not permitted by law, then popsockets limits all express or implied warranties, and the duration of any such express or implied warranties, to the maximum extent permitted by law. (some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.) limitation of liability -- to the extent permitted by law, popsockets, its employees, agents and suppliers shall not be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising out of the use of the product, including without limitation damage to any device used in connection with the product. if this limitation of liability is not permitted by law, or is not effective at law, then to the extent permitted by law, and notwithstanding any damages that you might incur for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages in tort (including negligence), the entire liability of popsockets and any of its suppliers shall by limited to the amount actually paid by you for the product. (some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.) phew! shop customize best sellers iphone 5 case bumpers popclip bulk discounts fundraisers info learn about us terms & conditions intellectual property promotional inquiries vendor inquiries media kit feedback faq replacement requests contact us instagram facebook twitter popsockets are designed in boulder, colorado, usa © copyright 2016 popsockets. all rights reserved