来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231105349/http://www.80stees.com/pages/media-news.asp
================================================================================

80stees in the media toll free: 1-866-80stees (807-8337) | international: 1-724-696-5121 | mon-fri: 9am-5pm est men's t-shirts  |  women's t-shirts  |  new items  |  clearance items home track your order contact us about us when will you get it? 0 cart items 80stees.com, inc. media page the media loves to write about 80stees.com, and we love to help them! please call us toll free at 1-866-80stees, or email us at . any inquiries will be addressed as quickly as possible, usually the same day as requested. toll-free number: 1-866-807-8337toll and international number: 1-724-696-5121fax number: 1-724-696-5394 press releases:80stees.com announces the top eight "best global 'fake' brands" in the wake of the annual businessweek top global brands issue, 80stees.com releases results of informal, unscientific fake survey north huntington, penn. august 11, 2006 -- 80stees.com today announced the results of its prestigious annual rankings of the pop-culture world's top top eight best global "fake" brands. duff beer, dunder mifflin, cobra kai karate dojo, chico's bail bonds, the boars nest good eats, initech, jefferson cleaners, and sanford & son salvage are among this year's top gainers in 80stees.com's irregular rankings of top eight best global "fake" brands. for the first consecutive year, 80stees.com has decided to rank the top eight best global "fake" brands based solely on the fact that consumers can display their brand loyalty to these "fake" brands by purchasing these unique licensed fake brand t-shirts directly from 80stees.com. wearing a t-shirt that displays one of these top eight best global "fake" brands represents a unique and special opportunity for consumers to create strong and vast communities built around these top eight best global "fake" brands. seriously. how else would die-hard fans of the classic tv series "the jeffersons" recognize each other on the street, unless they were wearing a vivid orange t-shirt features the jefferson cleaners logo?   the many, many admirers of the company dunder-mifflin inc. (stock symbol dmi) a mid-cap regional paper- and office-supply distributor with an emphasis on servicing small-business clients, now have an opportunity to display their love for the company from the office tv show by wearing a royal blue t-shirt featuring a distressed print of the company logo. although a fake brand may be obscure, that does not necessarily mean it is not meaningful. by way of example we have chico's bail bonds based out of the san fernando valley in southern california. when this wholly fictional company sponsored the bad news bears youth baseball team, they got their logo plastered on the t-shirts of this team of ragtag misfits; a veritable coup in the world of fake brands. chico's bail bonds brand loyalists can buy a distressed silk screen t-shirt that features the logo of the bear's team sponsor, chico's bail bonds. on the other end of the fake brand spectrum, the beloved duff beer perhaps has no equal in terms of both longevity and recognizability. if homer simpson ever wore anything besides a white shirt (and the occasional mummu) he would wear a red t-shirt featuring a distressed logo of the duff beer company. in order to be included in the top eight best global "fake" brands list, a fake brand must have a corresponding product - typically a t-shirt - available at www.80stees.com. that's pretty much it. although some of its brands may be fake, 80stees.com has a very real dedication to quality, inspecting every shirt for flaws in the fabric, printing and stitching - 80stees.com rejects a higher percentage of t-shirts for quality problems than any of its competitors, and most orders are shipped the same day they are placed. 1980s: been there, did that, got the t-shirt at 80stees.com north huntington, penn., aug. 9, 2005 – quick: who said "i feel the need, the need for speed!"?  what is the "contra code"? how did ralphie's dad pronounce the word "fragile?" and where exactly is fraggle rock? if you know any of the above answers, perhaps it's time for a visit to 80stees.com (http://www.80stees.com). prepare to stay awhile, though. the site is chock-full of memories in the form of t-shirts. while some are obvious '80s icons — who could forget rainbow brite, "i've been slimed," or the karate kid — others are more obscure references to '80s pop culture, identifiable only by others who came of age during that decade. greyskull, gi joe, punky brewster and alf are all there; ditto bon jovi, whitesnake, pat benatar and guns n' roses. 80stees.com is, of course, the brainchild of a child of the '80s. born in 1977, company founder kevin stecko is hard-pressed to produce a childhood photo in which he was not wearing a licensed character t-shirt. but, like many children of the '80s, stecko only hit on the idea for 80stees.com after first earning a completely unrelated degree: six months before graduating from penn state with a degree in geo-environmental engineering, stecko wore a he-man and the masters of the universe t-shirt to an amusement park. the shirt generated so much interest, stecko decided to see if he could sell some '80s-themed t-shirts himself. six years and twelve employees later, 80stees.com sells around 150,000 t-shirts per year and enjoys a steadily growing hollywood clientele. everybody loves raymond came knocking. so did good morning america, blade: trinity and an mtv vj.  several high profile professional athletes have ordered, including 4 members of the new york yankees. stecko attributes his site's success partially to its dedication to quality. his team inspects every shirt for flaws in the fabric, printing and stitching, and 80stees.com rejects a higher percentage of t-shirts for quality problems than do any of its competitors. most orders are shipped the same day they are placed. but stecko acknowledges nostalgia as the driving force behind 80stees.com's growth. "80s kids were bombarded with advertisements from the day they were born, and despite the fact that we now recognize those ads as exploitative we tend to have fond memories of our childhood toys and shows," stecko explained. "and let's face it. plenty of the movies, television shows, video games, music and products of the '80s are just downright amusing these days. it's a fun way to identify with others who also remember the '80s with a smile." for more information about 80stees.com, inc. or to order '80s t-shirts, visit http://www.80stees.com. contact: kevin stecko 80stees.com, inc. 724-696-5121 media contact email: recent media coverage ssl certificate home | help center | size chart | checkout | lookup order | contact us | press | delivery time affiliate program | privacy | email newsletter | returns | shipping | site map | about us copyright © 2010 80stees.com, inc. 24 jack bauer 30 rock a flock of seagulls a-team abba ac/dc adventure time aerosmith afro sheen airplane airwolf alex kidd alice cooper alice in wonderland alvin and the chipmunks always sunny in philadelphia anchorman andre the giant angel animal house aquaman are you afraid of the dark army of darkness arrested development asteroids atari avengers b-52s back to the future bad news bears barbie batgirl batman battlestar galactica beastie boys beatles beavis and butthead beetlejuice betty white beverly hills 90210 big bang theory big lebowski big trouble in little china bill and ted billy idol biz markie blades of glory blades of steel bleach blondie bloodsport blues brothers bob ross bobby brown boondock saints bootsy brady bunch breakfast club breakin bruce lee brutal legend buffy the vampire slayer caddyshack call of duty captain america care bears casper the friendly ghost castlevania cheers childrens palace childs play chris farley christmas story christmas vacation chuck chuck norris cinderella clue coleco vision conan coolio cry baby curb your enthusiasm curious george daredevil dark crystal darkwing duck david hasselhoff dazed and confused dc comics def leppard delorean motor company devo die hard diff'rent strokes digdug digital underground dirty dancing disney dodgeball donny & marie doogie howser double dare double dribble doug doug e fresh dr. seuss dr. who dragon ball z dragon's lair ducktales dumb and dumber duran duran eastbound & down edward scissorhands elvira endless summer et fall guy fame family guy family ties fantastic four ferris bueller's day off fido dido fight club flash flash gordon flashdance flight of the conchords flintstones footloose fraggle rock frankie says relax freakazoid friday the 13th friends full house funny games and puzzles garbage pail kids garfield gary numan ghost rider ghostbusters gi joe glo worm godzilla goodfellas goonies grateful dead grease greatest american hero green lantern gremlins gumby guns n roses halloween costumes halo happy days harlem globetrotters hasbro brand heathers hello kitty highlander hills hong kong phooey hoosiers hot shots hot tub time machine how i met your mother hulk hulk hogan hungry hungry hippos idiocracy incredibles indiana jones inspector gadget iron maiden ironman james bond 007 jaws jeffersons jersey shore jinx joan jett journey junk food t-shirts juno jurassic park justice league karate kid keith haring kelloggs cereal kid n play killer klowns from outer space king of the hill kingdom hearts kiss knight rider kurtis blow labyrinth led zeppelin left 4 dead little mermaid little miss looney tunes lost boys love boat lynyrd skynyrd madness madonna magnum p.i. married with children marvel comics mash mask mcdonalds medal of honor mega man metal gear solid metallica miami vice michael jackson mighty fine mighty morphin power rangers mighty mouse mighty thor modern family monopoly monty python motley crue mr. bean mr. men mr. rogers mr. t mtv tv shows muhammad ali mullet munsters muppets my little pony n.w.a. naked gun napoleon dynamite naruto shippuden nba nerf new kids on the block nfl nightmare before christmas nightmare on elm street nintendo notorious big office space old school old spice oregon trail pac-man parks and recreation patrick swayze peanuts phineas and ferb pink floyd pink panther pinky and the brain pixar planet of the apes platoon play doh playboy politicians popeye the sailor man portal predator press your luck pretty in pink prince princess bride psych public enemy pulp fiction punisher punky brewster puppet master queen rainbow brite rambo ramones ratt reading rainbow red dawn rescue rangers reservoir dogs resident evil revenge of the nerds richard petty roadhouse robocop rock em sock em robots rocky rocky and bullwinkle rocky horror picture show rolling stones ronald reagan rudolph the red nosed reindeer run dmc rush salute your shorts sanford and son saturday night live saved by the bell say anything scarface scooby doo scott pilgrim seinfeld semi-pro tropics sesame street sex and the city shaun of the dead shazam she-ra silence of the lambs silver surfer simon sixteen candles skee-lo slinky smashing pumpkins smokey and the bandit smokey bear smurf t-shirts smurf toys snoop dogg sonic the hedgehog sons of anarchy sopranos south park space ace spam speaker city speed racer spider-man spinal tap spongebob squarepants star trek star wars starcraft strawberry shortcake street fighter summer heights high super friends super mario bros supergirl superman surf ohio talespin taxi teen wolf teenage mutant ninja turtles teletubbies terminator the color of money the fly the godfather the hangover the office the sandlot the simpsons the warriors the who thundarr the barbarian thundercats tim burton's alice in wonderland titanic tommy boy tonka tootsie pop top gun toy story transformers tron true blood twisted sister twister ugly americans underdog vampire knight van halen vanilla ice vidiot wear violent femmes virtua fighter voltron walking dead wall street watchmen weird al yankovic wham where the wild things are where's waldo white men can't jump whitesnake will ferrell wizard of oz wonder woman woodsy owl world of warcraft wrestling x-files x-men xena warrior princess yo gabba gabba zelda zombieland zoolander zz top