来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228170502/http://www.80stees.com/pages/about-80stees.asp
================================================================================

about 80stees.com toll free: 1-866-80stees (807-8337) | phone: 1-724-696-5121 | mon-fri: 9am-5pm est men's t-shirts | women's t-shirts | junior/ladies shirts | new | clearance home track your order contact us about us when will you get it? 0 cart items 80s cartoon t-shirts 80s movie t-shirts 80s tv show t-shirts music t-shirts video game t-shirts super hero t-shirts non 80s t-shirts junk food t-shirts sports t-shirts halloween costumes top sellers new items clearance items shop by size shop by type exclusive t-shirts holiday shirts gift cards subscribe80stees.com new product updates! 80stees is an online retailer of licensed t-shirts from your favorite movies, tv shows, cartoons, videogames, comic books, and musicians.  we are aprivately owned company that has been in business since january of 2000. our warehouse and offices are located in mount pleasant, pennsylvania, which is just outside of pittsburgh, pa. we have 15 full-time employees and 13 part-time employees. why should you shop at 80stees.com? we care about your happiness. we are a small company and your order is important to our survival. lots of exclusive t-shirts that you will not find anywhere else. we treat our customers the way we would want to be treated. unmatched quality control. we inspect every single t-shirt for flaws. no one else does that. same day shipping. all orders placed before 4pm est are shipped the same day the order is placed. meet the staff: brianne kevin mary ellen megan deanna jamie b. christine brian m. mike p. lee craig mic jaime g. doc brady a typical day at 80stees.com about the founder one day, we had the idea of getting pictures of our employees playing with an 80s toy when they were a kid. as our founder and president, kevin stecko, was looking through pictures at his parents' house, he realized that he was always wearing printed shirts! and to top that off, his mom even made him a birthday cake with an outline of a t-shirt on it when he was a kid. kevin was born in 1977 and grew up with practically all the characters and titles we sell and he has always loved t-shirts! here are some pictures showing kevin wearing some original 80stees. kevin's favorite toys of the 1980s were, by far, the masters of the universe collection. one day at penn state, he walked by a little shop and saw a he-man and the masters of the universe t-shirt. amazing! he bought the shirt and it was immediately his favorite t-shirt. the 80stees business idea really started in the summer of 1999 when kevin wore the he-man t-shirt to kennywood, a pittsburgh amusement park. throughout the day many people approached him and asked, "where did you get that shirt?". he realized that these shirts obviously were not easy enough to find, and he changed that by creating 80stees.com. kevin graduated in 1999 from penn state university with a bachelor of science in geo-environmental engineering. upon graduation, he had a few weeks to kill before starting his new job for an environmental consulting firm. so he made a deal to bulk purchase some retro shirts from the small store in state college, pa, where he bought his original shirt. he started out selling transformers, thundercats, care bears, and strawberry shortcake t-shirts on ebay. after the first he-man shirt sold for over $30.00, he knew he had stumbled onto something that people wanted to buy! it was at this point that he began selling shirts on http://www.80stees.com, paving the way for the website you see today. where do you get those wonderful shirts? just as the joker wondered where batman gets all his wonderful toys, many people also wonder where we get our t-shirts. 80stees does not own the rights to all of the characters & licenses that we sell. rather, we buy most of the shirts wholesale from the license holders. for instance, we buy our star wars shirts from a company that has an agreement with george lucas. the company we buy from pays george lucas a royalty for every shirt they sell to us. providing a license to wear we do have a few license agreements that allow us to produce our own t-shirts. that is why our selection of top gun t-shirts is the best on the web. you can check out all of our original shirts in the exclusives section of the site. as we grow we will be adding even more licenses so that we can continue to offer the best selection of licensed t-shirts on the web. 80stees in the media it's likely that you have seen one of our many print advertisements in magazines such as maxim, us weekly, rolling stone, in touch, etc. our shirts have also been featured in the following tv shows and movies: how i met your mother (cobra kai gi worn by neil patrick harris) everybody loves raymond (batman shirt worn by chris elliot) blade: trinity (lost boys shirt worn by punk kid who attacks jessica biel) good morning america valentine's day (joel siegel gave a jake ryan shirt to a weekend anchor for a valentine's day segment on romantic movies) stacy keibler requested our shirts for a photo shoot for sole collector magazine. at the time stacy was known for being a wwe wrestler, but now she has shot to fame with her success on the abc show dancing with the stars. she appeared in a rainbow brite shirts and jem and the holograms shirts. mtv2 vj jim shearer has requested and worn 80stees' shirts wild hogs: tim allen's character wore our who made who ac/dc t-shirt home | help center | size chart | checkout | lookup order | contact us | press | delivery time | affiliate program | privacy customer testimonials | email newsletter | returns | shipping | site map | about us copyright © 2000 - 2012 80stees.com, inc. 007 james bond 24 jack bauer a-team abba ac/dc adult swim adventure time aerosmith afro sheen airplane airwolf alice cooper alice in wonderland always sunny in philadelphia american pickers anchorman andre the giant angel angry beavers angry birds animal house aquaman are you afraid of the dark arkham city army of darkness arnold schwarzenegger arrested development assassins creed asteroids atari avengers b-52s back to the future bad news bears banner '47 barbie batgirl bathrobes batman battlestar galactica baywatch beastie boys beatles beavis and butthead betty white beverly hills 90210 bewitched big bang theory big lebowski big trouble in little china bill and ted billy idol billy the exterminator bj and the bear blades of glory blades of steel bloodsport blues brothers bob ross bon jovi boondock saints brady bunch breakfast club bridesmaids bruce lee brutal legend buck rogers buffy the vampire slayer caddyshack california dreams call of duty captain america captain planet care bears cartoon network casper the friendly ghost charles in charge charlie sheen charlies angels cheech and chong cheers childrens palace chips chris farley christmas story christmas vacation chuck chuck norris clue columbo community conan coolio courage the cowardly dog cow and chicken cowboys and aliens cry baby curb your enthusiasm cut the rope dallas daredevil dark crystal darkwing duck david hasselhoff dazed and confused dc comics def leppard delorean motor company devo dexter dexters laboratory die hard diff'rent strokes digdug digital underground dirty dancing disney dodgeball double dare double dribble doug doug e fresh dr. seuss dr. who dragon ball z dragon's lair ducktales dukes of hazzard dumb and dumber dungeons and dragons duran duran earthworm jim eastbound & down ed edd n eddy elf endless summer entourage et evel knievel family guy family ties fantastic four fat albert ferris bueller's day off fido dido firefly flash flash gordon flashdance flintstones footloose foreigner foster's home for imaginary friends fraggle rock frankie says relax freakazoid friday night lights friday the 13th friends friendship is magic funny futurama galaga game of thrones games and puzzles garbage pail kids garfield gary numan general mills get him to the greek ghost rider ghostbusters gi joe gilligans island gladiator glee glo worm god of war godzilla goodfellas goonies grease greatest american hero green lantern gremlins gumby guns n roses halloween costumes halo happy days harry and the hendersons harry potter hasbro brand he-man heathers hello kitty hercules hey arnold highlander hills history channel honey badger hong kong phooey hoodies hoosiers hot rod hot shots house how i met your mother hugo hulk hulk hogan hungry hungry hippos ice road truckers in living color incredibles inspector gadget iron maiden ironman jaws jeffersons jem and the holograms jersey shore jinx joan jett joe dirt johnny bravo journey junk food t-shirts juno jurassic park justice league karate kid keith haring kelloggs cereal killer klowns from outer space killzone 3 king of the hill kingdom hearts kiss knight rider labyrinth led zeppelin left 4 dead little mermaid little miss lone ranger looney tunes lost boys love boat lynyrd skynyrd mad magazine madness madonna magnum p.i. major league married with children marvel comics mash mask mass effect 2 mcdonalds medal of honor mega man melrose place metal gear solid metallica miami vice michael jackson mighty fine mighty morphin power rangers mighty mouse mighty thor mlb modern family monk monopoly monty python mork and mindy mortal kombat motley crue mr bubble mr potato head mr. bean mr. men mr. rogers mr. t mtv tv shows mullet munsters muppets my little pony mythbusters naked gun napoleon dynamite naruto shippuden nasa nba ncaa college ncis nerf new kids on the block nfl nightmare before christmas nightmare on elm street nintendo office space old school old spice oregon trail outsourced pac-man paranormal state parks and recreation patrick swayze paul pawn stars peanuts phineas and ferb pink floyd pink panther pinky and the brain pixar planet of the apes play doh playboy pokémon politicians popeye the sailor man portal predator press your luck pretty in pink pretty little liars prince princess bride psych pulp fiction punisher punky brewster quantum leap queen rainbow brite rambo ramones ratt reading rainbow red dawn ren and stimpy rescue rangers reservoir dogs resident evil resistance revenge of the nerds richard petty roadhouse robocop rock em sock em robots rockford files rocky rocky and bullwinkle rocky horror picture show rolling stones ronald reagan rugrats run dmc rush salute your shorts samurai jack sanford and son saturday night fever saturday night live saurus saved by the bell say anything scarface school house rock school of rock scooby doo scott pilgrim seinfeld semi-pro tropics sesame street sex and the city shaun of the dead shazam she-ra silence of the lambs silver surfer simon simon and garfunkel simon and simon six million dollar man sixteen candles skee-lo slinky slush puppie smashing pumpkins smokey and the bandit smokey bear smurf t-shirts sonic the hedgehog sons of anarchy sopranos south park speaker city special olympics speed racer spider-man spinal tap spongebob squarepants star trek star wars starcraft starkist tuna step brothers strawberry shortcake street fighter styx super friends super mario bros supergirl superman surf ohio swamp people talespin teen wolf teenage mutant ninja turtles teletubbies terminator tetris the color of money the fly the godfather the hangover the office the sandlot the simpsons the warriors three amigos thundercats tim burton's alice in wonderland tintin tom and jerry tommy boy tonka tootsie pop top gun toy story transformers tron true blood twister ugly americans underdog van halen vanilla ice venture brothers vidiot wear voltron walking dead wall street weird al yankovic wendys wham where the wild things are where's waldo white men can't jump will ferrell winnie the pooh wonder woman woodsy owl workaholics world of warcraft wrestling x-men xena warrior princess yo gabba gabba your highness zelda zombieland zoolander zz top