来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228170502/http://www.80stees.com/80sTees-Testimonials.asp
================================================================================

what our customers are saying toll free: 1-866-80stees (807-8337) | phone: 1-724-696-5121 | 7 days: 9am-5pm est men's t-shirts | women's t-shirts | junior/ladies shirts | new | clearance home track your order contact us about us when will you get it? 0 cart items 80s cartoon t-shirts 80s movie t-shirts 80s tv show t-shirts music t-shirts video game t-shirts super hero t-shirts non 80s t-shirts junk food t-shirts banner '47 t-shirts halloween costumes top sellers new items clearance items shop by size shop by type exclusive t-shirts holiday shirts gift cards subscribe80stees.com new product updates! what our customers are saying… hello, i just wanted to thank you for your great products and customer service. i have been wanting to place an order with you for a while now, for some christmas pressies, and your 20% off offer couldn't have come at a better time! i found i was able to buy a t'shirt for everyone i wanted to (including me!) and furthermore, the 'star trek' monopoly was about a third of the price of what i would have paid for here. what a bargain!! in fact, the only thing that stopped me buying more was the jump in shipping when i reached a certain amount. after selecting and paying for my order, i was prepared to wait several weeks for it to arrive (i live in australia). so i was pleasantly surprised at how fast it got here! lastly, i am absolutely thrilled with the quality of your product. so, i will definitely be shopping with you again in the future. thanks again, and keep up the great work! regards, jacqui australia i just got my order of 3 big lebowski bowling shirts and i just love them. my bowling buddies and i are going to look too cool. i was afraid that they were going to be kinda cheap looking, but they look and feel like real bowling shirts. i can't wait to bowl tomorrow night to show them off. thanks again for the great product and quick service. linda wisconsin, us hello, just wanted to drop a note & say how incredibly quick & awesome you guys are. i didn't realize when i ordered that you guys are a local company. i used to work in the sony plant right there and have friends from scottdale. at any rate, i love the shirts & the site! you processed & shipped my order lightning quick, & it was even a short drive for ups. i'll be back! -eric pennsylvania, us hi!! i wanted to thank you and your company again for the awesome customer service 80's-tees gives. i have ordered from your company 3 times so far. the quickness of getting product to the customer is very impressive. my girlfriend and i were so impressed with the way your company handled the issue when the design on the shirt i bought her for her birthday peeled off after washing. we received a replacement the very next day after i emailed customer service!! we look forward to ordering more from your company & have told all our friends. thanks again! vicki pennsylvania, us hi guys, just wanted to say thanks for the great service. you sent this order the same day i placed it, and it arrived in the uk 1 week later. couldn't ask for more. will highly recommend you to anyone i know who is looking for a new t-shirt. thanks very much, ed cumbria, uk unbelievable service! the order is perfect, quality is great...and we received them the day after i ordered! wow! thank you, jane pennsylvania, us hello 80's tees team: i just wanted to send you a quick note of thanks. i'm a first time customer who just received my first order - two awesome shirts. i'm located in canada and have had headaches ordering from u.s. vendors in the past. but ordering from 80's tees was simple and the shipping process fab. it was great to have the brokerage costs all included in my shipping upfront and i received my order in less than three days. the product was also great - good quality, true to size and super cute. thanks so much! i will definitely be ordering from you again. cheers, rachel toronto, canada hi there!! i never bother to mail back and give feedback but i just want to tell you guys that i'm way happy with my purchases from you!! great quality, great prints. prompt postage. please pass this on to all your staff!!!! i'll be buying more and telling friends. be good or good at it... deno from ooosstralia!!! :-) my package arrived today and i am more than pleased with the t-shirts, i will defiantly be using your service again and recommend you. i don't mind the wait after seeing the quality of the shirts. they are awesome. thanks so much for the effort for getting them to me and the gift certificate. taylor british columbia, canada we just received my husband's new tees and we love them. thank you so much for your excellent customer service. i'm really pleased with my purchase and will gladly recommend your business to others. jodi pennsylvania, us i received the shirt i ordered for my daughter yesterday, she picked it up and within the hour it was plastered all over her facebook page! she loves it and i love that you got it to me in 3 days. i ordered the new kids on the block vintage shirt for her, we are going to see them with back street boys in dallas 6/26 so the shirt was a must have! she is so happy and that makes me happy. this is our second order, last one was my fav- bon jovi shirts for our first concert together. thanks 80stees for being a rockin place! diane dallas, tx home | help center | size chart | checkout | lookup order | contact us | press | delivery time | affiliate program | privacy customer testimonials | email newsletter | returns | shipping | site map | about us copyright © 2000 - 2011 80stees.com, inc. 007 james bond 24 jack bauer a-team abba ac/dc adult swim adventure time aerosmith afro sheen airplane airwolf alice cooper alice in wonderland always sunny in philadelphia american pickers anchorman andre the giant angel angry beavers angry birds animal house aquaman are you afraid of the dark arkham city army of darkness arnold schwarzenegger arrested development assassins creed asteroids atari avengers b-52s back to the future bad news bears banner '47 barbie batgirl bathrobes batman battlestar galactica baywatch beastie boys beatles beavis and butthead betty white beverly hills 90210 bewitched big bang theory big lebowski big trouble in little china bill and ted billy idol billy the exterminator bj and the bear blades of glory blades of steel bloodsport blues brothers bob ross bon jovi boondock saints brady bunch breakfast club bridesmaids bruce lee brutal legend buck rogers buffy the vampire slayer caddyshack california dreams call of duty captain america captain planet care bears cartoon network casper the friendly ghost charles in charge charlie sheen charlies angels cheech and chong cheers childrens palace chips chris farley christmas story christmas vacation chuck chuck norris clue columbo community conan coolio courage the cowardly dog cow and chicken cowboys and aliens cry baby curb your enthusiasm curious george cut the rope dallas daredevil dark crystal darkwing duck david hasselhoff dazed and confused dc comics def leppard delorean motor company devo dexters laboratory die hard diff'rent strokes digdug digital underground dirty dancing disney dodgeball double dare double dribble doug doug e fresh dr. seuss dr. who dragon ball z dragon's lair ducktales dukes of hazzard dumb and dumber dungeons and dragons duran duran earthworm jim eastbound & down ed edd n eddy elf endless summer entourage et evel knievel fall guy family guy family ties fantastic four fat albert ferris bueller's day off fido dido firefly flash flash gordon flashdance flintstones footloose foreigner foster's home for imaginary friends fraggle rock frankie says relax freakazoid friday night lights friday the 13th friends friendship is magic full house funny futurama galaga games and puzzles garbage pail kids garfield gary numan general mills get him to the greek ghost rider ghostbusters gi joe gilligans island gladiator glee glo worm god of war godzilla goodfellas goonies grease greatest american hero green lantern gremlins gumby guns n roses halloween costumes halo happy days harry and the hendersons harry potter hasbro brand he-man heathers hello kitty hercules hey arnold highlander hills history channel honey badger hong kong phooey hoodies hoosiers hot rod hot shots house how i met your mother hugo hulk hulk hogan hungry hungry hippos ice road truckers in living color incredibles indiana jones inspector gadget iron maiden ironman jaws jeffersons jem and the holograms jersey shore jinx joan jett joe dirt johnny bravo journey junk food t-shirts juno jurassic park justice league karate kid keith haring kelloggs cereal killer klowns from outer space killzone 3 king of the hill kingdom hearts kiss knight rider labyrinth led zeppelin left 4 dead little mermaid little miss lone ranger looney tunes lost boys love boat lynyrd skynyrd mad magazine madness madonna magnum p.i. major league married with children marvel comics mash mask mass effect 2 mcdonalds medal of honor mega man melrose place metal gear solid metallica miami vice michael jackson mighty fine mighty morphin power rangers mighty mouse mighty thor mlb modern family monk monopoly monty python mork and mindy mortal kombat motley crue mr bubble mr potato head mr. bean mr. men mr. rogers mr. t mtv tv shows mullet munsters muppets my little pony naked gun napoleon dynamite naruto shippuden nasa nba ncaa college nerf new kids on the block nfl nightmare before christmas nightmare on elm street nintendo office space old school old spice oregon trail outsourced pac-man paranormal state parks and recreation patrick swayze paul pawn stars peanuts phineas and ferb pink floyd pink panther pinky and the brain pixar planet of the apes play doh playboy pokémon politicians popeye the sailor man portal predator press your luck pretty in pink pretty little liars prince princess bride psych pulp fiction punisher punky brewster quantum leap queen rainbow brite rambo ramones ratt reading rainbow red dawn ren and stimpy rescue rangers reservoir dogs resident evil resistance revenge of the nerds richard petty roadhouse robocop rock em sock em robots rockford files rocky rocky and bullwinkle rocky horror picture show rolling stones ronald reagan rugrats run dmc rush salute your shorts samurai jack sanford and son saturday night live saurus saved by the bell say anything scarface school house rock scooby doo scott pilgrim seinfeld semi-pro tropics sesame street sex and the city shaun of the dead shazam she-ra silence of the lambs silver surfer simon simon and garfunkel simon and simon six million dollar man sixteen candles skee-lo slinky slush puppie smashing pumpkins smokey and the bandit smokey bear smurf t-shirts snoop dogg sonic the hedgehog sons of anarchy sopranos south park speaker city special olympics speed racer spider-man spinal tap spongebob squarepants star trek star wars starcraft starkist tuna step brothers strawberry shortcake street fighter styx super friends super mario bros supergirl superman surf ohio swamp people talespin teen wolf teenage mutant ninja turtles teletubbies terminator tetris the color of money the fly the godfather the hangover the office the sandlot the simpsons the warriors three amigos thundercats tim burton's alice in wonderland tintin tom and jerry tommy boy tonka tootsie pop top gun toy story transformers tron true blood twister ugly americans underdog van halen vanilla ice venture brothers vidiot wear virtua fighter voltron walking dead wall street weird al yankovic wendys wham where the wild things are where's waldo white men can't jump will ferrell winnie the pooh wonder woman woodsy owl workaholics world of warcraft wrestling x-men xena warrior princess yo gabba gabba your highness zelda zombieland zoolander zz top