来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141228012832/http://www.80stees.com/pages/terms-of-service
================================================================================

80stees.com terms of service signup and save 10% cart: 0 log in register help center contact about home show navigation hide navigation shop clothing and accessories 80s movies t-shirts 80s cartoon t-shirts 80s tv t-shirts tv show t-shirts movie t-shirts video game t-shirts music t-shirts superhero t-shirts cartoon t-shirts anime t-shirts brand t-shirts kids toys & books t-shirts don't miss geeky socks nerd gear holidays $10 tees and gifts faux christmas sweaters costumes halloween costumes costume hoodies costume shirts gift cards see all collections » what's hot the hottest gear 80s movies 80s tv shows nerd gear costume hoodies see all of the top sellers » new arrivals the newest gear 80s movies 80s tv shows nerd gear costume hoodies see all of the new arrivals » deals what's on sale 80s movies 80s tv shows blemish bargains highlander deals mystery boxes see all of the clearance » exclusives what's exclusive 80s movies 80s tv shows nerd gear costume hoodies see all of the exclusives » 0 what's hot new arrivals deals exclusives more collections ▼ ▲ 80s movies t-shirts 80s cartoon t-shirts 80s tv t-shirts tv show t-shirts movie t-shirts video game t-shirts music t-shirts superhero t-shirts cartoon t-shirts anime t-shirts brand t-shirts kids toys & books t-shirts geeky socks nerd gear holidays $10 tees and gifts faux christmas sweaters halloween costumes costume hoodies costume shirts blemish bargains highlander deals mystery boxes gift cards all collections home > terms of service terms of use dated june 28, 2012 these terms of use ("terms") explain terms applicable to your use of the 80stees.com website ("site"). if you do not accept these terms, you are not authorized to use the site. we reserve the right to change these terms from time to time, and your continued use of this site constitutes your acceptance of and agreement with any such changes. information posted on the site except for information maintained as private in accordance with our privacy policy, information posted or submitted to or via our site is public. you are solely responsible for information or material which you post on or provide to our site, including but not limited to any posting or listing in any public message area or through any e-mail, subscription, uploading or linking feature. you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty free, irrevocable right to exercise all copyright, trademark and publicity rights with respect to this information (including, without limitation, any ideas, feedback, suggestions, testimonials or otherwise). we reserve the right to take any action with respect to information posted on our site which we believe is appropriate in our sole discretion including but not limited to, removal of such information and/or termination of your rights of use, however we do not control the information provided by users or other content providers which is made available via our site. information you post may be changed, updated or removed without notice. we do not endorse, nor are we liable for, any information posted by third parties on the site. prohibited activities you may not use any device, software or routine intended to damage or interfere with the proper working of the site or to intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information from the site. third party links and content the site may contain information or other functionality provided by various third party providers. the site may also contain links to third-party websites not under our control or operation. we provide any such links only as a convenience and do not endorse and are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. use of any third party information or functionality may be conditioned upon terms and conditions of such third party providers. privacy you agree to be bound by the terms of our privacy policy which is posted on the site and incorporated herein by reference. we cannot insure that all personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in the privacy policy. we may be required by law to disclose information to government authorities, law enforcement or to third parties upon subpoena, and you authorize us to disclose information as we believe, in our sole discretion, is necessary or appropriate. ownership the site and all intellectual property rights included in or related to the site (including but not limited to any information databases, copyrights, trademarks and service marks), are owned or licensed by us, and all right, title and interest in and to the site and the related intellectual property rights remain our property (or the property of the respective licensors). you may not, and these terms do not give you permission to, reproduce, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or create derivative works with respect to the site and any content, information or functionality contained therein. you may not remove any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or proprietary notice or legend contained on the site or its content. termination we have the right to terminate your use of and/or access to the site at our discretion. products and pricing all features, specifications and prices of products described on the site are subject to change at any time without prior notice. we try to accurately display our products, including the applicable colors; however, we cannot guarantee that your computer or device will accurately display such colors. further, we attempt to provide up to date information regarding the availability of our products and the applicable pricing. despite these efforts, the information on the site may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. for example, certain products may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or have a different price than stated on the site. in addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. in the event of a pricing error on the site, we reserve the right to cancel any orders resulting from such pricing errors. we reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product and/or to refuse service to any customer. we also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. no warranty except as expressly set forth in our return policy, we provide the site, the products, and any information and content contained in or provided via the site, "as is", where is, and without any warranty or condition of any kind, express, implied or statutory. we specifically disclaim the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. we also do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our products or information via the site, completeness or accuracy of information, and operation of the site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. limitation of liability we shall have no liability, whatsoever, for the unavailability of the site. we shall also not have any liability for any loss of data or transactions resulting from delays, non-deliveries, mis-deliveries or service interruptions caused by us, any third party acts or any other web host provider or the internet infrastructure and network external to the site, or for inaccurate information provided by a third party or failure to update information provided via the site. in no event shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive or exemplary damages, or for any loss of profits or revenue in connection with your use of the site, the products, the content or information provided via the site, regardless of whether we knew or should have known of the possibility of such damages, and in no event shall 80stees’ total cumulative liability under this agreement exceed the greater of the fees paid to 80stees by you for the applicable product giving rise to the liability, or $50. the limitations of liability provided in these terms inure to the benefit of 80stees, and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents. some jurisdictions do not permit the disclaimers and limitations contained in these terms, in which case they are not applicable to you. governing law and jurisdiction the site is managed and controlled by us from our offices in pennsylvania. it can be accessed from the united states, as well as from other countries around the world. as each of these places has laws that may differ from those of pennsylvania, by accessing the site, you agree that these terms and your use of the site shall be governed in all respects by the internal substantive laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. any claim brought by you against us arising out of or relating to these terms, the privacy policy or the site shall be brought within six (6) months of the event out of which such claim or action arose, and shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association. any such claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. the arbitration shall be conducted exclusively in pittsburgh, pennsylvania, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof. state-specific legal notices pursuant to california civil code section 1789.3 and california business and professions code section 17538, residents of california are hereby advised of the following: 80stees.com, located at 230 westec drive, mount pleasant, pa 15666 is the provider of the electronic commercial service on this site. users will be notified in advance if there will be a charge for any product. please see our return policy for information regarding returns. the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the department of consumer affairs in california may be contacted in writing at 400 r. street, suite 3090, sacramento, ca 95814 or by calling 1-800-952-5210. dmca--notice of copyright infringement if you are a copyright owner who believes your copyrighted material has been reproduced, posted or distributed via the site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please inform our designated copyright agent by e-mail to help@80stees.com. please include the following information in your written notice: (1) a detailed description of the copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed upon; (2) a description of the location of the allegedly infringing material on the site; (3) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address; (4) a statement by you indicating that you have a good-faith belief that the allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, affirming that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and (6) an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner's behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement. please note that the contact information provided in this paragraph is for suspected copyright infringement only. about 80stees.com about contact customer reviews affiliate program privacy policy terms of service customer service help center size chart order status return policy shipping information browse by collection 80s movies star wars (203) back to the future (57) top gun (101) ghostbusters (29) christmas vacation (25) karate kid (34) goonies (20) ferris bueller's day off (17) princess bride (27) revenge of the nerds (19) 80s tv sesame street (31) saved by the bell (26) fraggle rock (13) muppets (20) wrestling (32) 80s cartoons transformers (113) teenage mutant ninja turtles (89) he-man (61) jem and the holograms (42) she-ra (27) gi joe (49) video games super mario bros. (27) pac-man (5) nintendo (36) zelda (13) movies big lebowski (15) sandlot (11) anchorman (12) frozen (33) super heroes superman (40) batman (63) spider-man (25) the flash (14) captain america (31) green lantern (14) tv shows big bang theory (62) mighty morphin power rangers (45) workaholics (17) other collections non 80s cartoons (47) music (57) anime (15) geeky socks (11) see all t-shirt collections newsletter follow us twitter facebook youtube blog feed instagram pinterest tumblr google+ copyright © 2015 80stees.com, inc.