来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161202213936/https://www.80stees.com/pages/customer-reviews
================================================================================

80stees.com: what our customers are saying shop what's hot new arrivals deals product bundles - save big! crowdfund - 20% off 80s movies t-shirts 80s cartoon t-shirts canvas prints more collections ▼ ▲ 80s tv t-shirts tv show t-shirts movie t-shirts video game t-shirts music t-shirts superhero t-shirts cartoon t-shirts anime t-shirts brand t-shirts wwe shirts geeky socks big tall holidays fathers day t-shirts faux christmas sweaters exclusives costume hoodies costume shirts star wars pre-order gift cards all collections home about contact help center register log in 0 items twitter facebook youtube blog feed instagram pinterest tumblr toggle menu shopping cart x your cart is currently empty.keep shopping! total: $0.00 shipping will be calculated at checkout checkout orkeep shopping! cart: 0 log in register help center contact about home pick out a free shirt when you spend $35 or more browse free shirts show navigation hide navigation shop clothing and accessories 80s movies t-shirts 80s cartoon t-shirts canvas prints 80s tv t-shirts tv show t-shirts movie t-shirts video game t-shirts music t-shirts superhero t-shirts cartoon t-shirts anime t-shirts brand t-shirts wwe shirts don't miss geeky socks big and tall holidays fathers day t-shirts faux christmas sweaters costumes halloween costumes costume hoodies costume shirts gift cards see all collections » shop by size » hot the hottest gear father's day 80s movies 80s tv shows nerd gear costume hoodies see all of the top sellers » new the newest gear 80s movies 80s tv shows nerd gear costume hoodies see all of the new arrivals » shop by size deals what's on sale 80s movies crowdfund - 20% off product bundles - save big! see all of the clearance » sign up for deal notifications » crowdfund 0 home > customer reviews what our customers are saying... i just had my first experience with 80stees and let me tell you, i will have more! i had something to exchange. called about it on tuesday (labor day week), had the shirt returned and the new shirt in my hand by friday! with lots of communication by the staff. love the shirts, but love the site and will definitely recommend it to others.thanks,robb wolfbeachwood, united states hello! i wanted to send you all a message that how impressed i was with your service! i ordered two sweatshirts for my toddlers and absolutely love them! not only was i notified via email when they were shipped, en route, and delivered but i also got a 10% off code, and confirmation emails for my order! i will absolutely use your company again and recommend them to all!!!! thank you again and happy holidays :-) 5 out of 5 stars! megan honey brook, pa got your shirts today. everyone loves them thank you so much! here's a picture in front of one of our crash trucks.thanks again!us air force fire fighters i just wanted to say thank you... i know there was a hold up with the pre order tmnt shirts. it took much longer than expected, love the shirt and love the other shirt that was sent as a courtesy from the company to acknowledge the frustration from the shirts not being sent out. to send a courtesy shirt just speaks and says wonders about this company! i don't purchase shirts all the time, but you have a customer for life! thank you again! 10 out of 10 stars! blaire maineville, oh i had to let you guys know, that i bought three t-shirts so far from your website. you guys are totally righteous! i really love the shirts, the delivery, and the emails that you send. i bought: 1984 all valley karate cobra kai, polk high, and no ma'am. i will be buying more! you all are great!!!! shirts great quality too! thanks, erich ny, us thank you! thank you! thank you! this is the first time i have bought anything online your company made it a breeze! i just received everything and they look just as good as they did online! 5 out of 5 stars! merry christmas be blessed! lynne ontario, canada thank you!! your handling of this matter as quick as you did is truly impressive!! other companies could learn a lesson in customer service from you guys. best regards, paul fl, us we loved the shirts. tradition is pj's for christmas eve. our son and family were home from oregon for thanksgiving and we all opened our pj's to enjoy together. theme. i have super kidlets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i loved the shirts that i purchased from your company. thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! linda parkville, mo first off, let me just say that i'm sorry i'm not using your help center correctly. i don't know any other way to contact you guys to let you know that you're all awesome. i love your selection, quality of items, and the speed in which i receive my items. the main reason i wanted to email you though, is to give a huge special thanks to whoever drew iron man on my black sabbath shirt's packaging. you made my freaking day with that, whoever you are! thanks for everything! gavin gresham, or dear 80s tees, you really made my day. let's hang out. much love, nadya australia hello, i just wanted to thank you for your great products and customer service. i have been wanting to place an order with you for a while now, for some christmas pressies, and your 20% off offer couldn't have come at a better time! i found i was able to buy a t'shirt for everyone i wanted to (including me!) and furthermore, the 'star trek' monopoly was about a third of the price of what i would have paid for here. what a bargain!! in fact, the only thing that stopped me buying more was the jump in shipping when i reached a certain amount. after selecting and paying for my order, i was prepared to wait several weeks for it to arrive (i live in australia). so i was pleasantly surprised at how fast it got here! lastly, i am absolutely thrilled with the quality of your product. so, i will definitely be shopping with you again in the future. thanks again, and keep up the great work! regards, jacqui australia great t-shirts. fast service. easy transaction. thank you. also, a weird sense of humour is a vital component to reeling me in!! i love your unique stuff. you deserve 5 out of 5. lorraine gosford, australia i just got my order of 3 big lebowski bowling shirts and i just love them. my bowling buddies and i are going to look too cool. i was afraid that they were going to be kinda cheap looking, but they look and feel like real bowling shirts. i can't wait to bowl tomorrow night to show them off. thanks again for the great product and quick service. linda wisconsin, us hello, just wanted to drop a note & say how incredibly quick & awesome you guys are. i didn't realize when i ordered that you guys are a local company. i used to work in the sony plant right there and have friends from scottdale. at any rate, i love the shirts & the site! you processed & shipped my order lightning quick, & it was even a short drive for ups. i'll be back! -eric pennsylvania, us hi!! i wanted to thank you and your company again for the awesome customer service 80's-tees gives. i have ordered from your company 3 times so far. the quickness of getting product to the customer is very impressive. my girlfriend and i were so impressed with the way your company handled the issue when the design on the shirt i bought her for her birthday peeled off after washing. we received a replacement the very next day after i emailed customer service!! we look forward to ordering more from your company & have told all our friends. thanks again! vicki pennsylvania, us hi guys, just wanted to say thanks for the great service. you sent this order the same day i placed it, and it arrived in the uk 1 week later. couldn't ask for more. will highly recommend you to anyone i know who is looking for a new t-shirt. thanks very much, ed cumbria, uk unbelievable service! the order is perfect, quality is great...and we received them the day after i ordered! wow! thank you, jane pennsylvania, us hello 80's tees team: i just wanted to send you a quick note of thanks. i'm a first time customer who just received my first order - two awesome shirts. i'm located in canada and have had headaches ordering from u.s. vendors in the past. but ordering from 80's tees was simple and the shipping process fab. it was great to have the brokerage costs all included in my shipping upfront and i received my order in less than three days. the product was also great - good quality, true to size and super cute. thanks so much! i will definitely be ordering from you again. cheers, rachel toronto, canada hi there!! i never bother to mail back and give feedback but i just want to tell you guys that i'm way happy with my purchases from you!! great quality, great prints. prompt postage. please pass this on to all your staff!!!! i'll be buying more and telling friends. be good or good at it... deno from ooosstralia!!! :-) my package arrived today and i am more than pleased with the t-shirts, i will defiantly be using your service again and recommend you. i don't mind the wait after seeing the quality of the shirts. they are awesome. thanks so much for the effort for getting them to me and the gift certificate. taylor british columbia, canada we just received my husband's new tees and we love them. thank you so much for your excellent customer service. i'm really pleased with my purchase and will gladly recommend your business to others. jodi pennsylvania, us i received the shirt i ordered for my daughter yesterday, she picked it up and within the hour it was plastered all over her facebook page! she loves it and i love that you got it to me in 3 days. i ordered the new kids on the block vintage shirt for her, we are going to see them with back street boys in dallas 6/26 so the shirt was a must have! she is so happy and that makes me happy. this is our second order, last one was my fav- bon jovi shirts for our first concert together. thanks 80stees for being a rockin place! diane dallas, tx hey 80stees! my roommate has been using the transformers wet tech autobots t-shirt when going to the gym, and it definitely does “transform”! he sent me this photo after an intense workout. he even told me it is some added motivation knowing you really need to sweat to get the hidden design to appear. just wanted to share and thought you’d appreciate! jay rhode island, usa about 80stees.com about contact customer reviews affiliate program privacy policy terms of service customer service help center size chart order status return policy shipping information browse by collection 80s movies star wars (233) back to the future (60) top gun (86) ghostbusters (21) christmas vacation (20) karate kid (38) goonies (15) ferris bueller's day off (14) princess bride (20) revenge of the nerds (14) predator (15) rocky (30) breakfast club (18) 80s tv married with children (15) golden girls (5) seinfeld (29) sesame street (23) saved by the bell (22) muppets (19) 80s cartoons transformers (96) teenage mutant ninja turtles (86) he-man (36) jem and the holograms (43) she-ra (22) gi joe (43) robotech (20) video games super mario bros. (30) mega man (14) nintendo (59) zelda (17) atari (24) street fighter ii (8) movies big lebowski (10) sandlot (14) rogue one (5) jurassic park (7) toy story (5) super heroes deadpool (20) superman (50) batman (70) spider-man (28) the flash (17) captain america (20) green lantern (19) wonder woman (32) tv shows twin peaks (8) nickelodeon (11) mighty morphin power rangers (36) wwe t-shirts ric flair (20) macho man randy savage (27) ultimate warrior (16) other collections non 80s cartoons (80) music (118) anime (26) geeky socks (26) fund it (12) pre-order (1) see all t-shirt collections newsletter follow us twitter facebook youtube blog feed instagram pinterest copyright © 2017 80stees.com, inc.