来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181216200945/https://www.80stees.com/pages/about
================================================================================

about 80stees.com, employees at 80stees, a behind the scenes look into 80stees skip to content email 0 shopping_cart go account_circleaccount search shop by size department color shop by size s m l xl 2xl 3xl 4xl 5xl 6xl 7xl lt xlt 2xlt 3xlt 4xlt male female new clearance black gray white blue red green yellow purple pink orange brown 80s movies star wars back to the future karate kid top gun view all airplane ghostbusters goonies ferris bueller princess bride alien animal house christmas story bad news bears beverly hills cop big trouble in little china bill and ted's excellent adventure bloodsport blues brothers breakfast club caddyshack child's play christmas vacation color of money conan the barbarian dark crystal day of the dead dirty dancing disney empire strikes back escape from new york e.t. evil dead fast times at ridgemont high flashdance footloose friday the 13th full metal jacket gremlins halloween hellraiser hoosiers horror killer klowns from outer space labyrinth land before time little mermaid major league monster squad national lampoons vacation nightmare on elm street pet sematary platoon predator pretty in pink pumpkinhead rad rambo red dawn revenge of the nerds road house robocop rocky scarface shining sixteen candles slap shot smokey and the bandit spinal tap stand by me star trek teen wolf terminator the thing they live wargames the warriors young guns science fiction cheech and chong coming to america godzilla running man trading places tron 80s cartoons transformers he-man and the masters of the universe gi joe jem and the holograms view all robotech thundercats captain caveman teenage mutant ninja turtles chilly willy danger mouse denver the last dinosaur mighty mouse flintstones garfield hanna barbera hong kong phooey jetsons looney tunes my little pony pink panther popeye rainbow brite real ghostbusters scooby doo she-ra the simpsons underdog voltron woody woodpecker yogi bear ducktales chip n dale rescue rangers casper the friendly ghost peanuts dennis the menace filmation betty boop gumby richie rich rocky and bullwinkle time for timer tom and jerry 80s tv married with children seinfeld mr. t sesame street view all airwolf charlies angels muppets saved by the bell cheers days of our lives double dare dukes of hazzard evel knievel family ties fraggle rock full house golden girls greatest american hero happy days iron mike tyson knight rider love boat macgyver magnum p.i. m.a.s.h. miami vice mork and mindy mr. rogers mtv muppets murder she wrote pee-wee herman punky brewster quantum leap sanford and son saturday night live saved by the bell star trek taxi usfl wonder years the young and the restless music wham! michael jackson def leppard digital underground view all acdc aerosmith frankie says relax guns n roses beastie boys billy idol billy joel black sabbath blondie bon jovi cheap trick chicago cinderella corey hart david bowie deep purple devo dokken duran duran foreigner shirts genesis t-shirts george michael t-shirts iron maiden shirts hip hop t-shirts janes addiction t-shirts jimi hendrix t-shirts journey shirts joy division kiss t-shirts la guns t-shirts loverboy t-shirts madonna t-shirts metallica shirts motley crue shirts new order night ranger t-shirts nwa t-shirts pink floyd shirts poison t-shirts prince quiet riot t-shirt rolling stones shirts run-d.m.c. shirts scorpions t-shirts skid row t-shirts social distortion t-shirts steve vai t-shirts styx t-shirts the police shirts tone loc t-shirts u2 t-shirts van halen shirts warrant t-shirts yes t-shirts zz top t-shirts adicts t-shirts buzzcocks circle jerks dead kennedys dead milkmen frank zappa funkadelic t-shirts grateful dead t-shirts janis joplin jethro tull led zeppelin t-shirts lynyrd skynyrd shirts megadeth misfits motorhead siouxsie and the banshees t-shirts stevie ray vaughan t-shirts the band t-shirts woodstock t-shirts spinal tap alice in chains anthrax beatles bruce springsteen cher doors eric clapton john lennon meat loaf nirvana pearl jam ratt ray charles soundgarden stray cats the cure twisted sister wrestling wwe ric flair macho man randy savage shawn michaels view all ultimate warrior andre the giant bret the hitman hart stone cold steve austin luchador wcw rowdy roddy piper dusty rhodes undertaker ravishing rick rude million dollar man ted dibiase hulk hogan wrestlemania super heroes marvel comics dc comics x-men venom shirts view all avengers batman captain america the flash green lantern superman wonder woman ant-man aquaman batgirl black panther black widow cyborg daredevil deadpool fantastic four flash gordon green arrow green goblin guardians of the galaxy harley quinn hawkman incredible hulk iron man joker judge dredd justice league luke cage punisher spider-man suicide squad supergirl thor wolverine thanos ghost rider black bolt captain marvel catwoman doctor strange iron fist lobo red sonja video games nintendo atari ghosts n goblins mega man view all capcom cartridge art crash bandicoot donkey kong final fight intellivision minecraft mortal kombat pac-man playstation sonic the hedgehog sega super mario bros. zelda space invaders ljn mortal kombat intellivision donkey kong street fighter ii sonic the hedgehog playstation space invaders pong centipede missile command asteroids tempest breakout gravitar bionic commando resident evil mike tyson's punch out horror child's play nightmare on elm street friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space view all gremlins halloween it silence of the lambs the thing shining texas chainsaw massacre army of darkness evil dead pet sematary hellraiser dawn of the dead rocky horror picture show exorcist carrie day of the dead poltergeist 70s movies & tv bruce lee the godfather the exorcist battlestar galactica view all bionic woman carrie clockwork orange dawn of the dead emergency frosty the snowman grease jaws rocky horror picture show santa claus is comin to town six million dollar man starsky and hutch taxi driver texas chainsaw massacre 90s movies ace ventura the big lebowski the sandlot silence of the lambs shirts view all jurassic park aladdin army of darkness toy story tommy boy space jam scream rudy pulp fiction office space mars attacks lion king a league of their own iron giant home alone forrest gump the fifth element fight club edward scissorhands dazed and confused cry baby it toy story point break reservoir dogs starship troopers airheads beauty and the beast jingle all the way my cousin vinny rookie of the year 90s tv buffy the vampire slayer mighty morphin power rangers x-files twin peaks view all baywatch beverly hills 90210 dawson's creek friends mr. bean rugrats saturday night live stargate sg 1 t-shrits xena 2000s movies elf talladega nights napoleon dynamite step brothers view all harry potter shirts lord of the rings shirts polar express shirts dodgeball idiocracy incredibles kill bill old school shaun of the dead shrek superbad 2000s tv big bang theory the office parks and recreation the goldbergs classic movies & tv andy griffith show bewitched disney i dream of jeannie view all i love lucy leave it to beaver munsters twilight zone wizard of oz brands rock-afire explosion monopoly tonka rubiks cube view all play-doh clue nasa i love the 80s big league chew hands across america mad magazine ljn political retro retail stores hills bobs big boy capn crunch childrens palace chuck e. cheese dubble bubble smarties smokey bear spam tootsie pop holidays fathers day halloween costumes military theme st. patrick's day 🎄 christmas christmas vacation christmas story star wars christmas ugly christmas sweaters and sweatshirts view all home alone tv show christmas shirts video game christmas music christmas superhero christmas 80s cartoon christmas wwe christmas 80s gear geeky hockey jerseys geeky socks costume hoodies blankets view all geeky polo shirts hoodies geeky canvas sublimation shirts click go or press enter to search follow us facebook instagram pinterest account account_circle log in add_circle create account about 80stees insert_comment blog business about email contact assignment_turned_in privacy policy list terms of service customer service question_answer help center timeline order status archive return policy local_shipping shipping information newsletter account_circle account go shop by size department color shop by size s m l xl 2xl 3xl 4xl 5xl 6xl 7xl lt xlt 2xlt 3xlt 4xlt male female new clearance black gray white blue red green yellow purple pink orange brown 80s movies star wars back to the future karate kid top gun view all airplane ghostbusters goonies ferris bueller princess bride alien animal house christmas story bad news bears beverly hills cop big trouble in little china bill and ted's excellent adventure bloodsport blues brothers breakfast club caddyshack child's play christmas vacation color of money conan the barbarian dark crystal day of the dead dirty dancing disney empire strikes back escape from new york e.t. evil dead fast times at ridgemont high flashdance footloose friday the 13th full metal jacket gremlins halloween hellraiser hoosiers horror killer klowns from outer space labyrinth land before time little mermaid major league monster squad national lampoons vacation nightmare on elm street pet sematary platoon predator pretty in pink pumpkinhead rad rambo red dawn revenge of the nerds road house robocop rocky scarface shining sixteen candles slap shot smokey and the bandit spinal tap stand by me star trek teen wolf terminator the thing they live wargames the warriors young guns science fiction cheech and chong coming to america godzilla running man trading places tron 80s cartoons transformers he-man and the masters of the universe gi joe jem and the holograms view all robotech thundercats captain caveman teenage mutant ninja turtles chilly willy danger mouse denver the last dinosaur mighty mouse flintstones garfield hanna barbera hong kong phooey jetsons looney tunes my little pony pink panther popeye rainbow brite real ghostbusters scooby doo she-ra the simpsons underdog voltron woody woodpecker yogi bear ducktales chip n dale rescue rangers casper the friendly ghost peanuts dennis the menace filmation betty boop gumby richie rich rocky and bullwinkle time for timer tom and jerry 80s tv married with children seinfeld mr. t sesame street view all airwolf charlies angels muppets saved by the bell cheers days of our lives double dare dukes of hazzard evel knievel family ties fraggle rock full house golden girls greatest american hero happy days iron mike tyson knight rider love boat macgyver magnum p.i. m.a.s.h. miami vice mork and mindy mr. rogers mtv muppets murder she wrote pee-wee herman punky brewster quantum leap sanford and son saturday night live saved by the bell star trek taxi usfl wonder years the young and the restless music wham! michael jackson def leppard digital underground view all acdc aerosmith frankie says relax guns n roses beastie boys billy idol billy joel black sabbath blondie bon jovi cheap trick chicago cinderella corey hart david bowie deep purple devo dokken duran duran foreigner shirts genesis t-shirts george michael t-shirts iron maiden shirts hip hop t-shirts janes addiction t-shirts jimi hendrix t-shirts journey shirts joy division kiss t-shirts la guns t-shirts loverboy t-shirts madonna t-shirts metallica shirts motley crue shirts new order night ranger t-shirts nwa t-shirts pink floyd shirts poison t-shirts prince quiet riot t-shirt rolling stones shirts run-d.m.c. shirts scorpions t-shirts skid row t-shirts social distortion t-shirts steve vai t-shirts styx t-shirts the police shirts tone loc t-shirts u2 t-shirts van halen shirts warrant t-shirts yes t-shirts zz top t-shirts adicts t-shirts buzzcocks circle jerks dead kennedys dead milkmen frank zappa funkadelic t-shirts grateful dead t-shirts janis joplin jethro tull led zeppelin t-shirts lynyrd skynyrd shirts megadeth misfits motorhead siouxsie and the banshees t-shirts stevie ray vaughan t-shirts the band t-shirts woodstock t-shirts spinal tap alice in chains anthrax beatles bruce springsteen cher doors eric clapton john lennon meat loaf nirvana pearl jam ratt ray charles soundgarden stray cats the cure twisted sister wrestling wwe ric flair macho man randy savage shawn michaels view all ultimate warrior andre the giant bret the hitman hart stone cold steve austin luchador wcw rowdy roddy piper dusty rhodes undertaker ravishing rick rude million dollar man ted dibiase hulk hogan wrestlemania super heroes marvel comics dc comics x-men venom shirts view all avengers batman captain america the flash green lantern superman wonder woman ant-man aquaman batgirl black panther black widow cyborg daredevil deadpool fantastic four flash gordon green arrow green goblin guardians of the galaxy harley quinn hawkman incredible hulk iron man joker judge dredd justice league luke cage punisher spider-man suicide squad supergirl thor wolverine thanos ghost rider black bolt captain marvel catwoman doctor strange iron fist lobo red sonja video games nintendo atari ghosts n goblins mega man view all capcom cartridge art crash bandicoot donkey kong final fight intellivision minecraft mortal kombat pac-man playstation sonic the hedgehog sega super mario bros. zelda space invaders ljn mortal kombat intellivision donkey kong street fighter ii sonic the hedgehog playstation space invaders pong centipede missile command asteroids tempest breakout gravitar bionic commando resident evil mike tyson's punch out horror child's play nightmare on elm street friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space view all gremlins halloween it silence of the lambs the thing shining texas chainsaw massacre army of darkness evil dead pet sematary hellraiser dawn of the dead rocky horror picture show exorcist carrie day of the dead poltergeist 70s movies & tv bruce lee the godfather the exorcist battlestar galactica view all bionic woman carrie clockwork orange dawn of the dead emergency frosty the snowman grease jaws rocky horror picture show santa claus is comin to town six million dollar man starsky and hutch taxi driver texas chainsaw massacre 90s movies ace ventura the big lebowski the sandlot silence of the lambs shirts view all jurassic park aladdin army of darkness toy story tommy boy space jam scream rudy pulp fiction office space mars attacks lion king a league of their own iron giant home alone forrest gump the fifth element fight club edward scissorhands dazed and confused cry baby it toy story point break reservoir dogs starship troopers airheads beauty and the beast jingle all the way my cousin vinny rookie of the year 90s tv buffy the vampire slayer mighty morphin power rangers x-files twin peaks view all baywatch beverly hills 90210 dawson's creek friends mr. bean rugrats saturday night live stargate sg 1 t-shrits xena 2000s movies elf talladega nights napoleon dynamite step brothers view all harry potter shirts lord of the rings shirts polar express shirts dodgeball idiocracy incredibles kill bill old school shaun of the dead shrek superbad 2000s tv big bang theory the office parks and recreation the goldbergs classic movies & tv andy griffith show bewitched disney i dream of jeannie view all i love lucy leave it to beaver munsters twilight zone wizard of oz brands rock-afire explosion monopoly tonka rubiks cube view all play-doh clue nasa i love the 80s big league chew hands across america mad magazine ljn political retro retail stores hills bobs big boy capn crunch childrens palace chuck e. cheese dubble bubble smarties smokey bear spam tootsie pop holidays fathers day halloween costumes military theme st. patrick's day 🎄 christmas christmas vacation christmas story star wars christmas ugly christmas sweaters and sweatshirts view all home alone tv show christmas shirts video game christmas music christmas superhero christmas 80s cartoon christmas wwe christmas 80s gear geeky hockey jerseys geeky socks costume hoodies blankets view all geeky polo shirts hoodies geeky canvas sublimation shirts click go or press enter to search touch_app tap go to search email account_circle  account cart (0 items) 💰 celebrate the 80s with a free 80th-89th day shirt! - click to grab yours today! i have been asked "what made you decide to start a business selling ‘80s t-shirts?” about 1000 times since i started 80stees.com in late 1999. i am not a huge “talker” and i see modesty as a virtue so i always give a short answer, which goes something like this: i bought a he-man t-shirt at a small shop when i was in college. one day i wore it to a theme park and 6 people asked me where i got it. that gave me the idea that no one knew where to get it and maybe i could sell them on the web. so i made a deal with the store where i bought it to get a bulk discount, put up some ebay listings and a rudimentary website, and it just grew from there. besides being an incredibly lame way of describing the founding of a fun company, this response doesn’t even answer “why?”, it answers “how?” more than anything else. it is your destiny when darth vader said “it is your destiny” to luke skywalker, he meant that simply by virtue of being the son of anakin skywalker he was destined to follow his footsteps and join him. my destiny was formed by a number of circumstances, and i’ll detail them below. born in ‘77 it helped that i was born into the golden age of action figures. being born in 1977 meant that kenner was kickstarting the action figure craze with star wars shortly after i was born. it took hasbro and mattel a few years to figure out how to launch their own franchises to compete with star wars, but they eventually came out strong and in perfect timing for me to get sucked in. the masters of the universe line was first and it became my obsession. i had just about every figure, playset, and vehicle that came out until the time when i became too cool to like kids' toys. in addition to playing and watching he-man, i watched shows like transformers, gi joe, and thundercats. i never had a single gi joe or thundercats figure, but i had quite a few transformers including my favorites: the dinobots and constructicons. this is how i spent my time. notice that the character whiplash rides godzilla. i always felt like they were related. i’ve always loved graphic tees it’s very difficult to find a picture of me wearing anything but a graphic shirt of some kind. the one exception was lacoste polo shirts, which i was willing to wear because of the alligator. you know you are serious about graphic tees when you wear them over top of a long sleeve shirt. showing off my e.t. christmas presents! i even got some e.t. luggage that i still have. i wore these spider-man pajamas all the time. the decoration for my cake was a graphic t-shirt. hard to argue against destiny on that one. although i eventually hit the "too cool for character shirts" stage, it didn't last long. by the time i was a junior in high school and no longer feared getting beaten up by upperclassmen, i started showing my personality again with character tees. this time it was wolverine shirts and back to an old fave, spider-man. small business is in my blood my father was a hustler. he maintained a full-time job as a mechanical engineer despite not having an engineering degree and he did consulting work on the side and our house had a laundromat in the front yard. i saw running a small business as normal, because i viewed myself and my family as normal. emptying out the penguin my first laundromat job was emptying out the garbage can every night. for some reason our garbage can was shaped like a penguin. my dad was "frugal" so he didn’t pay for garbage bags or garbage hauling and the idea of a separate container for aluminum cans was unheard of at this time. so by hand i picked all the garbage out of and put it into paper grocery bags and sorted the aluminum cans to take to the recycler. as i got older, it became my job to burn the garbage in a barrel every night too. this is the same model of penguin garbage can i emptied out thousands of times. by the time my middle brother went to college, i was mostly running the show in the laundromat. i had a nightly responsibility to sweep the floors, clean up the washing machines, load the change machine with quarters and collect the dollar bills, and take out the garbage (luckily my dad eventually sprang for plastic bags but we still burned it until the very end). every few days i would have to load up the candy and coke machines and deal with the money, as well as collect the change from the washers and dryers. the house of kashmir fast forward to 1997 when i went to the main campus of penn state university and found the house of kashmir. this is the front of the house of kashmir sometime in the 1990s. the guy on the right is saghir, the owner. that window had he-man and transformers shirts in it in the late '90s. i would have never thought about wearing a he-man t-shirt if it wasn’t for this store! where did you get that shirt? in the summer of 1999 i was doing things i had never done before. i had a girlfriend who wasn't from canada, which for a guy that was tall and gangly and socially awkward and always wearing he-man and spider-man shirts (actually i’m still all of these things) was not something that happened before. i took my girlfriend to an amusement park. it was there that six people asked me where i got my he-man shirt. besides being the first time in my life anyone wanted to dress like me, it was then that i realized i had some inside information. and i had been hearing a lot about ebay and the idea entered my brain to consider selling these shirts there. senior year was the best 3 semesters of my life but not all the stars aligned yet. i caught another lucky break. i didn't graduate in 8 semesters. for most people this would be terrible. i would not graduate until december of 1999 so i would have to wait 7 months and my parents would have to pay for another semester of college, and i doubt the laundromat funds were still in tact by then. but for me it was great. it meant that i would be going back to house of kashmir. i doubt i would have driven 2 hours to state college just to make a test buy of t-shirts, but since i was already there it made sense. in december of 1999 i made a deal with saghir to give me $5 off each shirt if i bought 10 or more. i built a website and launched an auction for a size large he-man t-shirt. that auction sold for $32 and drove traffic to my rudimentary website where i didn’t even take credit cards.! just a side project my ambitions initially were to make a few bucks on the side while i pursued a job in environmental engineering. but eventually our selection grew as i found suppliers other than house of kashmir. i used the proceeds from the first sales to buy more inventory. destiny fulfilled eventually i was making just as much money from 80stees.com as i was with a full-time job, and i really didn’t like wearing dockers every day so the idea of quitting my job was appealing. eventually sales grew to the point that i had no idea how i’d manage the christmas season in 2002 while still working full time so i quit that job in september 2002. not going to stop it's been a crazy ride since then. 2008 was our highest revenue year. we aren't as big as we used to be in terms of sales or number of employees back then. but if i had been thinking of having a huge business from the beginning, i wouldn’t have built a business in a small niche. i feel so lucky to have a business where i can provide people who love the same things i love with a way to share their memories with the world. i plan on offering retro t-shirts for as long as i can, and not just because the alternative is to get a job. after all, i am where i am supposed to be and doing what i am supposed to be doing. it is, afterall, my destiny. don't miss out sign up for our newsletter follow us facebook instagram pinterest account account_circle log in add_circle create account about 80stees insert_comment blog business about email contact assignment_turned_in privacy policy list terms of service customer service question_answer help center timeline order status archive return policy local_shipping shipping information newsletter copyright © 2019 80stees.com all rights reserved. spin to win! chat message us 0 shopping_cart cart search search menu menu