来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201212140542/https://www.80stees.com/pages/about
================================================================================

about 80stees.com, employees at 80stees, a behind the scenes look into 80stees skip to content email menu 0 shopping_cart go menu account_circleaccount search narrow by size: shop by size department color shop by size s m l xl 2xl 3xl 4xl 5xl 6xl 7xl lt xlt 2xlt 3xlt 4xlt shop by department male female new kids black gray white blue red green yellow purple pink orange brown 80s movies star wars top gun back to the future karate kid & cobra kai ghostbusters rad rambo rocky goonies ferris bueller's day off airplane alien - ridley scott franchise animal house beetlejuice christmas story bad news bears better off dead beverly hills cop big trouble in little china bill and ted's excellent adventure bloodsport - 1988 movie breakfast club caddyshack child's play christmas vacation color of money conan the barbarian dark crystal day of the dead delta force dirty dancing empire strikes back - officially licensed star wars escape from new york e.t. evil dead fast times at ridgemont high flashdance fletch footloose friday the 13th full metal jacket gremlins halloween heathers hellraiser iron eagle jaws killer klowns from outer space labyrinth land before time little shop of horrors little mermaid lost boys major league monster squad national lampoon's vacation nightmare on elm street north shore over the top pet sematary platoon predator pretty in pink princess bride revenge of the nerds road house robocop say anything scarface short circuit shining sixteen candles slap shot smokey and the bandit spinal tap star trek teen wolf terminator thrashin they live wargames the warriors science fiction cheech and chong godzilla running man trading places tron 80s cartoons transformers gi joe he-man and the masters of the universe thundercats dungeons & dragons teenage mutant ninja turtles voltron jem and the holograms mask ducktales real ghostbusters chilly willy denver the last dinosaur mighty mouse flintstones garfield hanna barbera looney tunes my little pony pink panther popeye scooby doo she-ra silverhawks underdog woody woodpecker chip n dale rescue rangers casper the friendly ghost dennis the menace filmation betty boop gumby richie rich rocky and bullwinkle tigersharks time for timer tom and jerry 80s tv a-team seinfeld mr. t married with children sesame street airwolf charlies angels muppets saved by the bell captain power cheers family ties fraggle rock golden girls greatest american hero happy days iron mike tyson knight rider laverne and shirley love boat macgyver m.a.s.h. miami vice mork and mindy mr. rogers mtv murder she wrote pee-wee herman photon punky brewster quantum leap sanford and son star trek taxi usfl 80s music wham! michael jackson def leppard acdc aerosmith frankie says relax guns n roses bad company beastie boys billy idol billy joel black sabbath bon jovi cheap trick cinderella the clash creedence clearwater revival david bowie deep purple dokken duran duran eagles elton john genesis george michael iron maiden hip hop janes addiction jimi hendrix john fogerty journey joy division kiss la guns loverboy metallica motley crue new order nwa ozzy osbourne pantera pink floyd poison prince quiet riot shirt ramones rolling stones run-d.m.c. rush scorpions skid row slayer social distortion steve vai styx the police t rex u2 van halen vanilla ice velvet underground violent femmes warrant the who yes adicts alice cooper zz top bob dylan bob seger buzzcocks charged gbh circle jerks cypress hill dead kennedys dead milkmen elvis presley frank zappa funkadelic germs go gos grateful dead janis joplin jethro tull led zeppelin lynyrd skynyrd mdc megadeth misfits siouxsie and the banshees stevie ray vaughan syd barrett the band whitney houston woodstock spinal tap alice in chains anthrax beatles bruce springsteen blondie cher doors eric clapton john lennon meat loaf nirvana pearl jam ratt soundgarden stray cats the cure twisted sister wrestling wwe ric flair randy savage macho man hulk hogan shawn michaels ultimate warrior andre the giant bret hart stone cold steve austin luchador jake the snake roberts wcw rowdy roddy piper undertaker ravishing rick rude million dollar man ted dibiase wrestlemania superheros marvel comics dc comics x-men venom avengers batman spider-man wolverine captain america the flash green lantern deadpool iron man incredible hulk superman wonder woman ant-man aquaman batgirl black panther black widow carnage cyborg daredevil fantastic four flash gordon green arrow green goblin guardians of the galaxy harley quinn hawkman joker judge dredd justice league luke cage punisher shazam supergirl thor thanos ghost rider black bolt captain marvel catwoman doctor strange hawkeye iron fist lobo loki nightwing plastic man robin teen titans go video games nintendo atari ghosts n goblins oregon trail mega man capcom cartridge art donkey kong final fight mortal kombat playstation sonic the hedgehog sega super mario bros. zelda pac-man space invaders ljn street fighter ii centipede missile command asteroids tempest breakout gravitar bionic commando resident evil mike tyson's punch out horror child's play nightmare on elm street friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space halloween it silence of the lambs amityville horror shining texas chainsaw massacre army of darkness evil dead pet sematary hellraiser rocky horror picture show exorcist carrie day of the dead poltergeist 70s movies and tv shows brady bunch bruce lee the godfather exorcist battlestar galactica bionic woman carrie clockwork orange emergency evel knievel frosty the snowman grease planet of the apes rocky horror picture show santa claus is comin to town six million dollar man starsky and hutch texas chainsaw massacre welcome back kotter willy wonka 90s movies ace ventura clueless the big lebowski the sandlot silence of the lambs jurassic park aladdin army of darkness starship troopers toy story tommy boy scream pulp fiction office space mars attacks lion king nightmare before christmas home alone the fifth element forrest gump fight club edward scissorhands dazed and confused cry baby it point break masks and shirt airheads beauty and the beast jingle all the way my cousin vinny shirt rookie of the year sleepy hollow 90s tv shows boy meets world buffy the vampire slayer mighty morphin power rangers x-files twin peaks baywatch beverly hills 90210 carmen sandiego dawson's creek dinosaurs friends home improvement nickelodeon stargate sg 1 shrits xena 90s cartoons animaniacs arthur beavis and butthead the disney afternoon king of the hill powerpuff girls ren and stimpy 2000s movies anchorman elf talladega nights napoleon dynamite step brothers corpse bride despicable me frozen harry potter lord of the rings shirt mean girls polar express dodgeball idiocracy incredibles kill bill old school shaun of the dead shrek zoolander 2000s tv always sunny in philadelphia big bang theory the office parks and recreation peaky blinders archer bob's burgers cartoon network dragon tales family guy firefly goldbergs naruto shippuden rick and morty classic movies - tv shows - books american graffiti andy griffith show archie comics astro boy bewitched brady bunch columbo curious george disney classic characters doctor who i dream of jeannie i love lucy hagar the horrible leave it to beaver little rascals mickey mouse muhammad ali munsters the phantom three stooges twilight zone universal monsters where the wild things are wizard of oz retail brand rock-afire explosion monopoly tonka rubiks cube play-doh clue festivus discovery zone pez nasa nerf i love the 80s birdhouse skateboards dum dums hands across america ljn mad magazine political retro retail stores hills bobs big boy capn crunch children's palace chuck e cheese dubble bubble pogo bal showbiz pizza place smarties smokey bear spam tootsie pop wheres waldo holiday america fathers day halloween costumes mothers day st. patrick's day military theme valentines day christmas christmas vacation christmas story star wars christmas ugly christmas sweaters-sweatshirts home alone the year without a santa claus tv christmas video games christmas music christmas superhero christmas 80s cartoons christmas wwe christmas click go or press enter to search follow us facebook instagram redeem grab a gift card redeem account account_circle log in add_circle create account about 80stees insert_comment blog business about email contact assignment_turned_in privacy policy list terms of service customer service question_answer help center timeline order status archive return policy local_shipping shipping information account_circle account go shop by size department color shop by size s m l xl 2xl 3xl 4xl 5xl 6xl 7xl lt xlt 2xlt 3xlt 4xlt shop by department male female new kids black gray white blue red green yellow purple pink orange brown 80s movies star wars top gun back to the future karate kid & cobra kai ghostbusters rad rambo rocky goonies ferris bueller's day off airplane alien - ridley scott franchise animal house beetlejuice christmas story bad news bears better off dead beverly hills cop big trouble in little china bill and ted's excellent adventure bloodsport - 1988 movie breakfast club caddyshack child's play christmas vacation color of money conan the barbarian dark crystal day of the dead delta force dirty dancing empire strikes back - officially licensed star wars escape from new york e.t. evil dead fast times at ridgemont high flashdance fletch footloose friday the 13th full metal jacket gremlins halloween heathers hellraiser iron eagle jaws killer klowns from outer space labyrinth land before time little shop of horrors little mermaid lost boys major league monster squad national lampoon's vacation nightmare on elm street north shore over the top pet sematary platoon predator pretty in pink princess bride revenge of the nerds road house robocop say anything scarface short circuit shining sixteen candles slap shot smokey and the bandit spinal tap star trek teen wolf terminator thrashin they live wargames the warriors science fiction cheech and chong godzilla running man trading places tron 80s cartoons transformers gi joe he-man and the masters of the universe thundercats dungeons & dragons teenage mutant ninja turtles voltron jem and the holograms mask ducktales real ghostbusters chilly willy denver the last dinosaur mighty mouse flintstones garfield hanna barbera looney tunes my little pony pink panther popeye scooby doo she-ra silverhawks underdog woody woodpecker chip n dale rescue rangers casper the friendly ghost dennis the menace filmation betty boop gumby richie rich rocky and bullwinkle tigersharks time for timer tom and jerry 80s tv a-team seinfeld mr. t married with children sesame street airwolf charlies angels muppets saved by the bell captain power cheers family ties fraggle rock golden girls greatest american hero happy days iron mike tyson knight rider laverne and shirley love boat macgyver m.a.s.h. miami vice mork and mindy mr. rogers mtv murder she wrote pee-wee herman photon punky brewster quantum leap sanford and son star trek taxi usfl 80s music wham! michael jackson def leppard acdc aerosmith frankie says relax guns n roses bad company beastie boys billy idol billy joel black sabbath bon jovi cheap trick cinderella the clash creedence clearwater revival david bowie deep purple dokken duran duran eagles elton john genesis george michael iron maiden hip hop janes addiction jimi hendrix john fogerty journey joy division kiss la guns loverboy metallica motley crue new order nwa ozzy osbourne pantera pink floyd poison prince quiet riot shirt ramones rolling stones run-d.m.c. rush scorpions skid row slayer social distortion steve vai styx the police t rex u2 van halen vanilla ice velvet underground violent femmes warrant the who yes adicts alice cooper zz top bob dylan bob seger buzzcocks charged gbh circle jerks cypress hill dead kennedys dead milkmen elvis presley frank zappa funkadelic germs go gos grateful dead janis joplin jethro tull led zeppelin lynyrd skynyrd mdc megadeth misfits siouxsie and the banshees stevie ray vaughan syd barrett the band whitney houston woodstock spinal tap alice in chains anthrax beatles bruce springsteen blondie cher doors eric clapton john lennon meat loaf nirvana pearl jam ratt soundgarden stray cats the cure twisted sister wrestling wwe ric flair randy savage macho man hulk hogan shawn michaels ultimate warrior andre the giant bret hart stone cold steve austin luchador jake the snake roberts wcw rowdy roddy piper undertaker ravishing rick rude million dollar man ted dibiase wrestlemania superheros marvel comics dc comics x-men venom avengers batman spider-man wolverine captain america the flash green lantern deadpool iron man incredible hulk superman wonder woman ant-man aquaman batgirl black panther black widow carnage cyborg daredevil fantastic four flash gordon green arrow green goblin guardians of the galaxy harley quinn hawkman joker judge dredd justice league luke cage punisher shazam supergirl thor thanos ghost rider black bolt captain marvel catwoman doctor strange hawkeye iron fist lobo loki nightwing plastic man robin teen titans go video games nintendo atari ghosts n goblins oregon trail mega man capcom cartridge art donkey kong final fight mortal kombat playstation sonic the hedgehog sega super mario bros. zelda pac-man space invaders ljn street fighter ii centipede missile command asteroids tempest breakout gravitar bionic commando resident evil mike tyson's punch out horror child's play nightmare on elm street friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space halloween it silence of the lambs amityville horror shining texas chainsaw massacre army of darkness evil dead pet sematary hellraiser rocky horror picture show exorcist carrie day of the dead poltergeist 70s movies and tv shows brady bunch bruce lee the godfather exorcist battlestar galactica bionic woman carrie clockwork orange emergency evel knievel frosty the snowman grease planet of the apes rocky horror picture show santa claus is comin to town six million dollar man starsky and hutch texas chainsaw massacre welcome back kotter willy wonka 90s movies ace ventura clueless the big lebowski the sandlot silence of the lambs jurassic park aladdin army of darkness starship troopers toy story tommy boy scream pulp fiction office space mars attacks lion king nightmare before christmas home alone the fifth element forrest gump fight club edward scissorhands dazed and confused cry baby it point break masks and shirt airheads beauty and the beast jingle all the way my cousin vinny shirt rookie of the year sleepy hollow 90s tv shows boy meets world buffy the vampire slayer mighty morphin power rangers x-files twin peaks baywatch beverly hills 90210 carmen sandiego dawson's creek dinosaurs friends home improvement nickelodeon stargate sg 1 shrits xena 90s cartoons animaniacs arthur beavis and butthead the disney afternoon king of the hill powerpuff girls ren and stimpy 2000s movies anchorman elf talladega nights napoleon dynamite step brothers corpse bride despicable me frozen harry potter lord of the rings shirt mean girls polar express dodgeball idiocracy incredibles kill bill old school shaun of the dead shrek zoolander 2000s tv always sunny in philadelphia big bang theory the office parks and recreation peaky blinders archer bob's burgers cartoon network dragon tales family guy firefly goldbergs naruto shippuden rick and morty classic movies - tv shows - books american graffiti andy griffith show archie comics astro boy bewitched brady bunch columbo curious george disney classic characters doctor who i dream of jeannie i love lucy hagar the horrible leave it to beaver little rascals mickey mouse muhammad ali munsters the phantom three stooges twilight zone universal monsters where the wild things are wizard of oz retail brand rock-afire explosion monopoly tonka rubiks cube play-doh clue festivus discovery zone pez nasa nerf i love the 80s birdhouse skateboards dum dums hands across america ljn mad magazine political retro retail stores hills bobs big boy capn crunch children's palace chuck e cheese dubble bubble pogo bal showbiz pizza place smarties smokey bear spam tootsie pop wheres waldo holiday america fathers day halloween costumes mothers day st. patrick's day military theme valentines day christmas christmas vacation christmas story star wars christmas ugly christmas sweaters-sweatshirts home alone the year without a santa claus tv christmas video games christmas music christmas superhero christmas 80s cartoons christmas wwe christmas click go or press enter to search touch_app tap go to search email account_circle  account cart (0 items) 📦 free worldwide shipping on orders $50 and up 🚚 i have been asked "what made you decide to start a business selling ‘80s t-shirts?” about 1000 times since i started 80stees.com in late 1999. i am not a huge “talker” and i see modesty as a virtue so i always give a short answer, which goes something like this: i bought a he-man t-shirt at a small shop when i was in college. one day i wore it to a theme park and 6 people asked me where i got it. that gave me the idea that no one knew where to get it and maybe i could sell them on the web. so i made a deal with the store where i bought it to get a bulk discount, put up some ebay listings and a rudimentary website, and it just grew from there. besides being an incredibly lame way of describing the founding of a fun company, this response doesn’t even answer “why?”, it answers “how?” more than anything else. it is your destiny when darth vader said “it is your destiny” to luke skywalker, he meant that simply by virtue of being the son of anakin skywalker he was destined to follow his footsteps and join him. my destiny was formed by a number of circumstances, and i’ll detail them below. born in ‘77 it helped that i was born into the golden age of action figures. being born in 1977 meant that kenner was kickstarting the action figure craze with star wars shortly after i was born. it took hasbro and mattel a few years to figure out how to launch their own franchises to compete with star wars, but they eventually came out strong and in perfect timing for me to get sucked in. the masters of the universe line was first and it became my obsession. i had just about every figure, playset, and vehicle that came out until the time when i became too cool to like kids' toys. in addition to playing and watching he-man, i watched shows like transformers, gi joe, and thundercats. i never had a single gi joe or thundercats figure, but i had quite a few transformers including my favorites: the dinobots and constructicons. this is how i spent my time. notice that the character whiplash rides godzilla. i always felt like they were related. i’ve always loved graphic tees it’s very difficult to find a picture of me wearing anything but a graphic shirt of some kind. the one exception was lacoste polo shirts, which i was willing to wear because of the alligator. you know you are serious about graphic tees when you wear them over top of a long sleeve shirt. showing off my e.t. christmas presents! i even got some e.t. luggage that i still have. i wore these spider-man pajamas all the time. the decoration for my cake was a graphic t-shirt. hard to argue against destiny on that one. although i eventually hit the "too cool for character shirts" stage, it didn't last long. by the time i was a junior in high school and no longer feared getting beaten up by upperclassmen, i started showing my personality again with character tees. this time it was wolverine shirts and back to an old fave, spider-man. small business is in my blood my father was a hustler. he maintained a full-time job as a mechanical engineer despite not having an engineering degree and he did consulting work on the side and our house had a laundromat in the front yard. i saw running a small business as normal, because i viewed myself and my family as normal. emptying out the penguin my first laundromat job was emptying out the garbage can every night. for some reason our garbage can was shaped like a penguin. my dad was "frugal" so he didn’t pay for garbage bags or garbage hauling and the idea of a separate container for aluminum cans was unheard of at this time. so by hand i picked all the garbage out of and put it into paper grocery bags and sorted the aluminum cans to take to the recycler. as i got older, it became my job to burn the garbage in a barrel every night too. this is the same model of penguin garbage can i emptied out thousands of times. by the time my middle brother went to college, i was mostly running the show in the laundromat. i had a nightly responsibility to sweep the floors, clean up the washing machines, load the change machine with quarters and collect the dollar bills, and take out the garbage (luckily my dad eventually sprang for plastic bags but we still burned it until the very end). every few days i would have to load up the candy and coke machines and deal with the money, as well as collect the change from the washers and dryers. the house of kashmir fast forward to 1997 when i went to the main campus of penn state university and found the house of kashmir. this is the front of the house of kashmir sometime in the 1990s. the guy on the right is saghir, the owner. that window had he-man and transformers shirts in it in the late '90s. i would have never thought about wearing a he-man t-shirt if it wasn’t for this store! where did you get that shirt? in the summer of 1999 i was doing things i had never done before. i had a girlfriend who wasn't from canada, which for a guy that was tall and gangly and socially awkward and always wearing he-man and spider-man shirts (actually i’m still all of these things) was not something that happened before. i took my girlfriend to an amusement park. it was there that six people asked me where i got my he-man shirt. besides being the first time in my life anyone wanted to dress like me, it was then that i realized i had some inside information. and i had been hearing a lot about ebay and the idea entered my brain to consider selling these shirts there. senior year was the best 3 semesters of my life but not all the stars aligned yet. i caught another lucky break. i didn't graduate in 8 semesters. for most people this would be terrible. i would not graduate until december of 1999 so i would have to wait 7 months and my parents would have to pay for another semester of college, and i doubt the laundromat funds were still in tact by then. but for me it was great. it meant that i would be going back to house of kashmir. i doubt i would have driven 2 hours to state college just to make a test buy of t-shirts, but since i was already there it made sense. in december of 1999 i made a deal with saghir to give me $5 off each shirt if i bought 10 or more. i built a website and launched an auction for a size large he-man t-shirt. that auction sold for $32 and drove traffic to my rudimentary website where i didn’t even take credit cards.! just a side project my ambitions initially were to make a few bucks on the side while i pursued a job in environmental engineering. but eventually our selection grew as i found suppliers other than house of kashmir. i used the proceeds from the first sales to buy more inventory. destiny fulfilled eventually i was making just as much money from 80stees.com as i was with a full-time job, and i really didn’t like wearing dockers every day so the idea of quitting my job was appealing. eventually sales grew to the point that i had no idea how i’d manage the christmas season in 2002 while still working full time so i quit that job in september 2002. not going to stop it's been a crazy ride since then. 2008 was our highest revenue year. we aren't as big as we used to be in terms of sales or number of employees back then. but if i had been thinking of having a huge business from the beginning, i wouldn’t have built a business in a small niche. i feel so lucky to have a business where i can provide people who love the same things i love with a way to share their memories with the world. i plan on offering retro t-shirts for as long as i can, and not just because the alternative is to get a job. after all, i am where i am supposed to be and doing what i am supposed to be doing. it is, afterall, my destiny. don't miss out sign up for our newsletter follow us facebook instagram redeem grab a gift card redeem account account_circle log in add_circle create account about 80stees insert_comment blog business about email contact assignment_turned_in privacy policy list terms of service customer service question_answer help center timeline order status archive return policy local_shipping shipping information copyright © 2020 80stees.com all rights reserved. win a discount! chat message us 0 shopping_cart cart search search menu menu