来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221225215112/https://www.80stees.com/pages/about
================================================================================

about 80stees.com, employees at 80stees, a behind the scenes look into 80stees 0 item in your cartyour cart is currently empty.continue browsingsubtotal: checkoutshipping & taxes calculated at checkout. skip to content email menu 0 shopping_cart big news! we're super stoked to announce that we'll be releasing an 80stees.com christmas catalog! and we're making a limited number of this edition... until thursday at midnight, every purchase of $50 or more will reserve your spot on the list for a free christmas edition catalog! featuring another astounding free 2-page spread poster by freddie e. williams ii, this catalog will make you feel like a kid again! we can't show the whole illustration yet, but have a look below at the pixilated sneak preview of just part of it. have any questions? check out our faqs page here. menu account_circleaccount get a tee for $15 search narrow by size: skip to main menu shop by size color shop by size s m l xl 2xl 3xl 4xl 5xl 6xl lt xlt 2xlt 3xlt 4xlt black gray white blue red green yellow purple pink orange brown department shop by department male female new kids 80s movies karate kid & cobra kai ferris bueller's day off rad top gun star wars breakfast club jaws ghostbusters back to the future rambo rocky goonies airplane alien - ridley scott franchise blues brothers animal house beetlejuice christmas story bad news bears better off dead beverly hills cop big trouble in little china bill and ted's excellent adventure bloodsport - 1988 movie caddyshack child's play christmas vacation color of money conan the barbarian dark crystal day of the dead delta force elvira empire strikes back - officially licensed star wars escape from new york e.t. evil dead fast times at ridgemont high flashdance fletch footloose friday the 13th gremlins halloween heathers hellraiser iron eagle killer klowns from outer space labyrinth land before time little shop of horrors little mermaid lost boys major league monster squad nightmare on elm street north shore over the top pet sematary platoon predator pretty in pink princess bride revenge of the nerds road house robocop say anything scarface short circuit sixteen candles slap shot smokey and the bandit spinal tap star trek teen wolf terminator thrashin they live wargames the warriors science fiction cheech and chong godzilla running man trading places tron 80s cartoons transformers gi joe he-man and the masters of the universe thundercats teenage mutant ninja turtles voltron jem and the holograms mask gobots gundam care bears ducktales real ghostbusters chilly willy denver the last dinosaur mighty mouse garfield hanna barbera looney tunes my little pony pink panther popeye scooby doo she-ra silverhawks underdog casper the friendly ghost dennis the menace filmation betty boop gumby richie rich rocky and bullwinkle smurfs time for timer tom and jerry woody woodpecker 80s music acdc aerosmith def leppard iron maiden motley crue pink floyd poison wham! kiss guns n roses animotion michael jackson alice in chains backstreet boys britney spears frankie says relax bad company beastie boys billy idol billy joel bon jovi cheap trick cinderella charlie daniels creedence clearwater revival david bowie deep purple dokken duran duran eagles europe genesis george michael hip hop jimi hendrix journey joy division loverboy new order nsync ozzy osbourne rob zombie run-d.m.c. scorpions skid row slayer social distortion steve miller band styx the police thin lizzy vanilla ice velvet underground violent femmes wang chung warrant yes alice cooper zz top bob dylan buzzcocks charged gbh cypress hill dead kennedys dead milkmen elvis presley frank zappa funkadelic germs go gos grateful dead janis joplin jerry garcia jethro tull megadeth misfits siouxsie and the banshees stevie ray vaughan stone temple pilots syd barrett the band whitney houston woodstock spinal tap anthrax beatles blondie eric clapton ub40 twisted sister wild cherry superhero avengers marvel comics dc comics x-men venom batman spider-man wolverine captain america the flash green lantern deadpool iron man incredible hulk superman wonder woman ant-man aquaman batgirl black panther black widow carnage cyborg daredevil fantastic four flash gordon green arrow green goblin guardians of the galaxy harley quinn hawkman joker judge dredd justice league luke cage punisher shazam supergirl thor thanos ghost rider black bolt captain marvel catwoman doctor strange hawkeye iron fist lobo loki nightwing plastic man robin teen titans go 80s tv a-team seinfeld mr. t married with children sesame street airwolf muppets saved by the bell threes company captain power cheers family ties fraggle rock golden girls greatest american hero happy days iron mike tyson knight rider laverne and shirley love boat macgyver m.a.s.h. miami vice mork and mindy mr. rogers mtv murder she wrote pee-wee herman photon punky brewster sanford and son soul train star trek taxi fantasy dungeons & dragons magic the gathering retail brand blockbuster blow pop cheetos chuck e cheese chevrolet doritos coca-cola mountain dew hershey dum dums general mills honda icee jack daniels jarritos kellogg's pepsi rock-afire explosion planters monopoly national park foundation national parks conservation association tonka rubiks cube play-doh clue festivus ford discovery zone dr pepper pez pontiac nasa nerf hands across america ljn political retro retail stores hills bobs big boy capn crunch children's palace dubble bubble showbiz pizza place smarties smokey bear spam sweethearts tootsie pop tootsie roll wheres waldo white castle wrestling wwe ric flair randy savage macho man hulk hogan shawn michaels ultimate warrior andre the giant bret hart stone cold steve austin luchador jake the snake roberts wcw rowdy roddy piper undertaker ravishing rick rude million dollar man ted dibiase wrestlemania 90s movies ace ventura clueless the big lebowski the sandlot silence of the lambs hocus pocus jurassic park aladdin army of darkness toy story tommy boy scream pulp fiction office space mars attacks lion king nightmare before christmas fargo fight club forrest gump edward scissorhands dazed and confused cry baby home alone it point break masks and shirt beauty and the beast sleepy hollow tremors video games nintendo atari ghosts n goblins oregon trail mega man capcom castlevania cartridge art donkey kong final fight mortal kombat playstation sonic the hedgehog q-bert sega super mario bros. zelda pac-man ljn street fighter ii centipede missile command asteroids tempest breakout gravitar bionic commando resident evil mike tyson's punch out horror movie child's play nightmare on elm street friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space halloween it silence of the lambs amityville horror shining texas chainsaw massacre army of darkness evil dead pet sematary hellraiser rocky horror picture show exorcist carrie poltergeist 70s movies and tv shows brady bunch bruce lee the godfather exorcist battlestar galactica carrie evel knievel frosty the snowman grease rocky horror picture show santa claus is comin to town texas chainsaw massacre welcome back kotter willy wonka 90s tv shows boy meets world buffy the vampire slayer mighty morphin power rangers x-files nickelodeon twin peaks baywatch beverly hills 90210 dinosaurs friends home improvement stargate sg 1 xena 90s cartoons animaniacs arthur beavis and butthead captain planet the disney afternoon king of the hill powerpuff girls ren and stimpy 2000s movies anchorman avatar candyman creed elf talladega nights napoleon dynamite step brothers corpse bride frozen harry potter hunger games john wick lord of the rings shirt mean girls polar express dodgeball incredibles kill bill kung fu panda old school saw shaun of the dead shrek twilight zoolander 2000s tv the mandalorian yellowstone always sunny in philadelphia big bang theory the office parks and recreation archer bob's burgers cartoon network dragon tales family guy firefly naruto shippuden pokemon rick and morty classic movies - tv shows - books american graffiti andy griffith show astro boy bela lugosi brady bunch columbo curious george disney classic characters doctor who gilligan's island hagar the horrible i love lucy it's a wonderful life john wayne leave it to beaver little rascals mickey mouse muhammad ali munsters the phantom three stooges twilight zone universal monsters where the wild things are wizard of oz holiday america fathers day halloween costumes mothers day st. patrick's day military theme valentines day christmas christmas vacation christmas story star wars christmas ugly christmas sweaters-sweatshirts 80s cartoons christmas video games christmas superhero christmas wwe christmas music christmas the year without a santa claus tv christmas home alone follow us facebook instagram redeem grab a gift card redeem account account_circle log in add_circle create account about 80stees insert_comment blog business about email contact assignment_turned_in privacy policy list terms of service customer service question_answer help center timeline order status archive return policy local_shipping shipping information account_circle account skip to main menu shop by size color shop by size s m l xl 2xl 3xl 4xl 5xl 6xl lt xlt 2xlt 3xlt 4xlt black gray white blue red green yellow purple pink orange brown department shop by department male female new kids 80s movies karate kid & cobra kai ferris bueller's day off rad top gun star wars breakfast club jaws ghostbusters back to the future rambo rocky goonies airplane alien - ridley scott franchise blues brothers animal house beetlejuice christmas story bad news bears better off dead beverly hills cop big trouble in little china bill and ted's excellent adventure bloodsport - 1988 movie caddyshack child's play christmas vacation color of money conan the barbarian dark crystal day of the dead delta force elvira empire strikes back - officially licensed star wars escape from new york e.t. evil dead fast times at ridgemont high flashdance fletch footloose friday the 13th gremlins halloween heathers hellraiser iron eagle killer klowns from outer space labyrinth land before time little shop of horrors little mermaid lost boys major league monster squad nightmare on elm street north shore over the top pet sematary platoon predator pretty in pink princess bride revenge of the nerds road house robocop say anything scarface short circuit sixteen candles slap shot smokey and the bandit spinal tap star trek teen wolf terminator thrashin they live wargames the warriors science fiction cheech and chong godzilla running man trading places tron 80s cartoons transformers gi joe he-man and the masters of the universe thundercats teenage mutant ninja turtles voltron jem and the holograms mask gobots gundam care bears ducktales real ghostbusters chilly willy denver the last dinosaur mighty mouse garfield hanna barbera looney tunes my little pony pink panther popeye scooby doo she-ra silverhawks underdog casper the friendly ghost dennis the menace filmation betty boop gumby richie rich rocky and bullwinkle smurfs time for timer tom and jerry woody woodpecker 80s music acdc aerosmith def leppard iron maiden motley crue pink floyd poison wham! kiss guns n roses animotion michael jackson alice in chains backstreet boys britney spears frankie says relax bad company beastie boys billy idol billy joel bon jovi cheap trick cinderella charlie daniels creedence clearwater revival david bowie deep purple dokken duran duran eagles europe genesis george michael hip hop jimi hendrix journey joy division loverboy new order nsync ozzy osbourne rob zombie run-d.m.c. scorpions skid row slayer social distortion steve miller band styx the police thin lizzy vanilla ice velvet underground violent femmes wang chung warrant yes alice cooper zz top bob dylan buzzcocks charged gbh cypress hill dead kennedys dead milkmen elvis presley frank zappa funkadelic germs go gos grateful dead janis joplin jerry garcia jethro tull megadeth misfits siouxsie and the banshees stevie ray vaughan stone temple pilots syd barrett the band whitney houston woodstock spinal tap anthrax beatles blondie eric clapton ub40 twisted sister wild cherry superhero avengers marvel comics dc comics x-men venom batman spider-man wolverine captain america the flash green lantern deadpool iron man incredible hulk superman wonder woman ant-man aquaman batgirl black panther black widow carnage cyborg daredevil fantastic four flash gordon green arrow green goblin guardians of the galaxy harley quinn hawkman joker judge dredd justice league luke cage punisher shazam supergirl thor thanos ghost rider black bolt captain marvel catwoman doctor strange hawkeye iron fist lobo loki nightwing plastic man robin teen titans go 80s tv a-team seinfeld mr. t married with children sesame street airwolf muppets saved by the bell threes company captain power cheers family ties fraggle rock golden girls greatest american hero happy days iron mike tyson knight rider laverne and shirley love boat macgyver m.a.s.h. miami vice mork and mindy mr. rogers mtv murder she wrote pee-wee herman photon punky brewster sanford and son soul train star trek taxi fantasy dungeons & dragons magic the gathering retail brand blockbuster blow pop cheetos chuck e cheese chevrolet doritos coca-cola mountain dew hershey dum dums general mills honda icee jack daniels jarritos kellogg's pepsi rock-afire explosion planters monopoly national park foundation national parks conservation association tonka rubiks cube play-doh clue festivus ford discovery zone dr pepper pez pontiac nasa nerf hands across america ljn political retro retail stores hills bobs big boy capn crunch children's palace dubble bubble showbiz pizza place smarties smokey bear spam sweethearts tootsie pop tootsie roll wheres waldo white castle wrestling wwe ric flair randy savage macho man hulk hogan shawn michaels ultimate warrior andre the giant bret hart stone cold steve austin luchador jake the snake roberts wcw rowdy roddy piper undertaker ravishing rick rude million dollar man ted dibiase wrestlemania 90s movies ace ventura clueless the big lebowski the sandlot silence of the lambs hocus pocus jurassic park aladdin army of darkness toy story tommy boy scream pulp fiction office space mars attacks lion king nightmare before christmas fargo fight club forrest gump edward scissorhands dazed and confused cry baby home alone it point break masks and shirt beauty and the beast sleepy hollow tremors video games nintendo atari ghosts n goblins oregon trail mega man capcom castlevania cartridge art donkey kong final fight mortal kombat playstation sonic the hedgehog q-bert sega super mario bros. zelda pac-man ljn street fighter ii centipede missile command asteroids tempest breakout gravitar bionic commando resident evil mike tyson's punch out horror movie child's play nightmare on elm street friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space halloween it silence of the lambs amityville horror shining texas chainsaw massacre army of darkness evil dead pet sematary hellraiser rocky horror picture show exorcist carrie poltergeist 70s movies and tv shows brady bunch bruce lee the godfather exorcist battlestar galactica carrie evel knievel frosty the snowman grease rocky horror picture show santa claus is comin to town texas chainsaw massacre welcome back kotter willy wonka 90s tv shows boy meets world buffy the vampire slayer mighty morphin power rangers x-files nickelodeon twin peaks baywatch beverly hills 90210 dinosaurs friends home improvement stargate sg 1 xena 90s cartoons animaniacs arthur beavis and butthead captain planet the disney afternoon king of the hill powerpuff girls ren and stimpy 2000s movies anchorman avatar candyman creed elf talladega nights napoleon dynamite step brothers corpse bride frozen harry potter hunger games john wick lord of the rings shirt mean girls polar express dodgeball incredibles kill bill kung fu panda old school saw shaun of the dead shrek twilight zoolander 2000s tv the mandalorian yellowstone always sunny in philadelphia big bang theory the office parks and recreation archer bob's burgers cartoon network dragon tales family guy firefly naruto shippuden pokemon rick and morty classic movies - tv shows - books american graffiti andy griffith show astro boy bela lugosi brady bunch columbo curious george disney classic characters doctor who gilligan's island hagar the horrible i love lucy it's a wonderful life john wayne leave it to beaver little rascals mickey mouse muhammad ali munsters the phantom three stooges twilight zone universal monsters where the wild things are wizard of oz holiday america fathers day halloween costumes mothers day st. patrick's day military theme valentines day christmas christmas vacation christmas story star wars christmas ugly christmas sweaters-sweatshirts 80s cartoons christmas video games christmas superhero christmas wwe christmas music christmas the year without a santa claus tv christmas home alone touch_app tap go to search email account_circle  account link to cart cart (0 items) 📦 free worldwide shipping on orders $100 and up 🚚 i have been asked "what made you decide to start a business selling ‘80s t-shirts?” about 1000 times since i started 80stees.com in late 1999. i am not a huge “talker” and i see modesty as a virtue so i always give a short answer, which goes something like this: i bought a he-man t-shirt at a small shop when i was in college. one day i wore it to a theme park and 6 people asked me where i got it. that gave me the idea that no one knew where to get it and maybe i could sell them on the web. so i made a deal with the store where i bought it to get a bulk discount, put up some ebay listings and a rudimentary website, and it just grew from there. besides being an incredibly lame way of describing the founding of a fun company, this response doesn’t even answer “why?”, it answers “how?” more than anything else. it is your destiny when darth vader said “it is your destiny” to luke skywalker, he meant that simply by virtue of being the son of anakin skywalker he was destined to follow his footsteps and join him. my destiny was formed by a number of circumstances, and i’ll detail them below. born in ‘77 it helped that i was born into the golden age of action figures. being born in 1977 meant that kenner was kickstarting the action figure craze with star wars shortly after i was born. it took hasbro and mattel a few years to figure out how to launch their own franchises to compete with star wars, but they eventually came out strong and in perfect timing for me to get sucked in. the masters of the universe line was first and it became my obsession. i had just about every figure, playset, and vehicle that came out until the time when i became too cool to like kids' toys. in addition to playing and watching he-man, i watched shows like transformers, gi joe, and thundercats. i never had a single gi joe or thundercats figure, but i had quite a few transformers including my favorites: the dinobots and constructicons. this is how i spent my time. notice that the character whiplash rides godzilla. i always felt like they were related. i’ve always loved graphic tees it’s very difficult to find a picture of me wearing anything but a graphic shirt of some kind. the one exception was lacoste polo shirts, which i was willing to wear because of the alligator. you know you are serious about graphic tees when you wear them over top of a long sleeve shirt. showing off my e.t. christmas presents! i even got some e.t. luggage that i still have. i wore these spider-man pajamas all the time. the decoration for my cake was a graphic t-shirt. hard to argue against destiny on that one. although i eventually hit the "too cool for character shirts" stage, it didn't last long. by the time i was a junior in high school and no longer feared getting beaten up by upperclassmen, i started showing my personality again with character tees. this time it was wolverine shirts and back to an old fave, spider-man. small business is in my blood my father was a hustler. he maintained a full-time job as a mechanical engineer despite not having an engineering degree and he did consulting work on the side and our house had a laundromat in the front yard. i saw running a small business as normal, because i viewed myself and my family as normal. emptying out the penguin my first laundromat job was emptying out the garbage can every night. for some reason our garbage can was shaped like a penguin. my dad was "frugal" so he didn’t pay for garbage bags or garbage hauling and the idea of a separate container for aluminum cans was unheard of at this time. so by hand i picked all the garbage out of and put it into paper grocery bags and sorted the aluminum cans to take to the recycler. as i got older, it became my job to burn the garbage in a barrel every night too. this is the same model of penguin garbage can i emptied out thousands of times. by the time my middle brother went to college, i was mostly running the show in the laundromat. i had a nightly responsibility to sweep the floors, clean up the washing machines, load the change machine with quarters and collect the dollar bills, and take out the garbage (luckily my dad eventually sprang for plastic bags but we still burned it until the very end). every few days i would have to load up the candy and coke machines and deal with the money, as well as collect the change from the washers and dryers. the house of kashmir fast forward to 1997 when i went to the main campus of penn state university and found the house of kashmir. this is the front of the house of kashmir sometime in the 1990s. the guy on the right is saghir, the owner. that window had he-man and transformers shirts in it in the late '90s. i would have never thought about wearing a he-man t-shirt if it wasn’t for this store! where did you get that shirt? in the summer of 1999 i was doing things i had never done before. i had a girlfriend who wasn't from canada, which for a guy that was tall and gangly and socially awkward and always wearing he-man and spider-man shirts (actually i’m still all of these things) was not something that happened before. i took my girlfriend to an amusement park. it was there that six people asked me where i got my he-man shirt. besides being the first time in my life anyone wanted to dress like me, it was then that i realized i had some inside information. and i had been hearing a lot about ebay and the idea entered my brain to consider selling these shirts there. senior year was the best 3 semesters of my life but not all the stars aligned yet. i caught another lucky break. i didn't graduate in 8 semesters. for most people this would be terrible. i would not graduate until december of 1999 so i would have to wait 7 months and my parents would have to pay for another semester of college, and i doubt the laundromat funds were still in tact by then. but for me it was great. it meant that i would be going back to house of kashmir. i doubt i would have driven 2 hours to state college just to make a test buy of t-shirts, but since i was already there it made sense. in december of 1999 i made a deal with saghir to give me $5 off each shirt if i bought 10 or more. i built a website and launched an auction for a size large he-man t-shirt. that auction sold for $32 and drove traffic to my rudimentary website where i didn’t even take credit cards.! just a side project my ambitions initially were to make a few bucks on the side while i pursued a job in environmental engineering. but eventually our selection grew as i found suppliers other than house of kashmir. i used the proceeds from the first sales to buy more inventory. destiny fulfilled eventually i was making just as much money from 80stees.com as i was with a full-time job, and i really didn’t like wearing dockers every day so the idea of quitting my job was appealing. eventually sales grew to the point that i had no idea how i’d manage the christmas season in 2002 while still working full time so i quit that job in september 2002. not going to stop it's been a crazy ride since then. 2008 was our highest revenue year and then competition continued to grow and we struggled to get back to that level. we had to make some major changes to how we do business, but we weathered that storm and things are going really well. 2020 ended up being our best year ever since 2008 and we are excited for the future! i feel so lucky to have a business where i can provide people who love the same things i love with a way to share their memories with the world. i plan on offering retro t-shirts for as long as i can, and not just because the alternative is to get a job. after all, i am where i am supposed to be and doing what i am supposed to be doing. it is, afterall, my destiny. don't miss out sign up for our newsletter enter your email to sign up for our newsletter follow us facebook instagram redeem grab a gift card redeem account account_circle log in add_circle create account about 80stees insert_comment blog business about email contact assignment_turned_in privacy policy list terms of service customer service question_answer help center timeline order status archive return policy local_shipping shipping information copyright © 2023 80stees.com all rights reserved. win a discount! 80stees.com giveaway name email submit cancel chat message us 0 shopping_cart cart search search menu menu quick support x 80stees instant answers got questions? 👋 hello! take a look below at some of the most frequently asked questions we receive. if you don't see your question below, feel free to reach out using the last option below 👇. i have a question about my order please email us at help@80stees.com for help with any past or current orders. what is your return policy? we will be happy to accept your item in new condition back for an exchange or a return. you can find our return policy here. if you aren't able to print out the return sheet, please include a note in your return package with your order number and instructions to refund or exchange for which sku and size. what are your shipping details? we offer free shipping on orders of $100 or more. most shirts print in 5-7 business days before shipment. you can see your shipping options before paying by proceeding through checkout. what are your product sizing details? each product with a size has a unique size chart associated to the product. on any product page, click on "view size chart" to view sizing information specific to that product. measurements are provided in in. and cm. so that you can compare those measurements to something that fits well from home. do you have any discounts? you can receive a discount by subscribing to our newsletter here. what fabric are your shirts? our shirts are printed on a variety of different blanks. you can see the specifics on fabric, graphic, etc. by scrolling down the product page to the details section. the 100% cotton shirts tend to be the sturdier, heavier shirts, and the cotton/poly blends are the softer styles. do you ship to my country? here you go: shipping information. we are not currently shipping to the uk with the new vat laws that are going into effect. what brands are your shirts? our shirts are printed on a variety of different blanks. you can see the specifics on fabric, graphic, etc. by scrolling down the product page to the details section. the brands can vary depending on license, color availability, etc., but they are standard us shirts. do you offer wholesale orders? here is our info on bulk ordering why are your shirts expensive? we did raise our prices due to the free shipping option, but that is only a small part of the price increase. we just were not making any money. the prices of the blanks and the licensing agreements have been rising much faster than our pricing. we had to make a decision if we are going to stay in business to raise our prices. as a result of that, we will also be able to have more sales and promotions which you can receive by subscribing to the newsletter. here is the founder's blog about the change. do you have ladies shirts? here is a link to our current ladies collection (you can also filter by gender within each collection). if there's something you'd like that isn't available in ladies, please ✉email us so we can see if it's possible with the licensing. do you have kid's shirts? here's a link to our kids sizes on the site. if there's something you'd like that isn't available in kids, please email us ✉email us so we can see if it's possible with the licensing. are your shirts soft? the 100% cotton shirts tend to be the sturdier, heavier shirts. the cotton/poly blends are the softer styles. you can see the specifics on fabric by scrolling down the product page to the details section. we don't currently have a filter for fabric composition, but here is a link to all of our styles that contain any polyester, which may help narrow it down a bit. are your shirts officially licensed? yes, we've been in business for 21 years selling officially licensed shirts. you can find that info on each product page. why can't you ship to the uk? we are not currently shipping to the uk with the new vat laws that are going into effect. it will take us some time to adjust our ordering software to accommodate the new regulations. my question isn't listed here. if you have another question, please ✉️ send us a message at help@80stees.com and we will get back to you with an answer. more questions?