来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221225215112/https://www.80stees.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy 0 item in your cartyour cart is currently empty.continue browsingsubtotal: checkoutshipping & taxes calculated at checkout. skip to content email menu 0 shopping_cart big news! we're super stoked to announce that we'll be releasing an 80stees.com christmas catalog! and we're making a limited number of this edition... until thursday at midnight, every purchase of $50 or more will reserve your spot on the list for a free christmas edition catalog! featuring another astounding free 2-page spread poster by freddie e. williams ii, this catalog will make you feel like a kid again! we can't show the whole illustration yet, but have a look below at the pixilated sneak preview of just part of it. have any questions? check out our faqs page here. menu account_circleaccount get a tee for $15 search narrow by size: skip to main menu shop by size color shop by size s m l xl 2xl 3xl 4xl 5xl 6xl lt xlt 2xlt 3xlt 4xlt black gray white blue red green yellow purple pink orange brown department shop by department male female new kids 80s movies karate kid & cobra kai ferris bueller's day off rad top gun star wars breakfast club jaws ghostbusters back to the future rambo rocky goonies airplane alien - ridley scott franchise blues brothers animal house beetlejuice christmas story bad news bears better off dead beverly hills cop big trouble in little china bill and ted's excellent adventure bloodsport - 1988 movie caddyshack child's play christmas vacation color of money conan the barbarian dark crystal day of the dead delta force elvira empire strikes back - officially licensed star wars escape from new york e.t. evil dead fast times at ridgemont high flashdance fletch footloose friday the 13th gremlins halloween heathers hellraiser iron eagle killer klowns from outer space labyrinth land before time little shop of horrors little mermaid lost boys major league monster squad nightmare on elm street north shore over the top pet sematary platoon predator pretty in pink princess bride revenge of the nerds road house robocop say anything scarface short circuit sixteen candles slap shot smokey and the bandit spinal tap star trek teen wolf terminator thrashin they live wargames the warriors science fiction cheech and chong godzilla running man trading places tron 80s cartoons transformers gi joe he-man and the masters of the universe thundercats teenage mutant ninja turtles voltron jem and the holograms mask gobots gundam care bears ducktales real ghostbusters chilly willy denver the last dinosaur mighty mouse garfield hanna barbera looney tunes my little pony pink panther popeye scooby doo she-ra silverhawks underdog casper the friendly ghost dennis the menace filmation betty boop gumby richie rich rocky and bullwinkle smurfs time for timer tom and jerry woody woodpecker 80s music acdc aerosmith def leppard iron maiden motley crue pink floyd poison wham! kiss guns n roses animotion michael jackson alice in chains backstreet boys britney spears frankie says relax bad company beastie boys billy idol billy joel bon jovi cheap trick cinderella charlie daniels creedence clearwater revival david bowie deep purple dokken duran duran eagles europe genesis george michael hip hop jimi hendrix journey joy division loverboy new order nsync ozzy osbourne rob zombie run-d.m.c. scorpions skid row slayer social distortion steve miller band styx the police thin lizzy vanilla ice velvet underground violent femmes wang chung warrant yes alice cooper zz top bob dylan buzzcocks charged gbh cypress hill dead kennedys dead milkmen elvis presley frank zappa funkadelic germs go gos grateful dead janis joplin jerry garcia jethro tull megadeth misfits siouxsie and the banshees stevie ray vaughan stone temple pilots syd barrett the band whitney houston woodstock spinal tap anthrax beatles blondie eric clapton ub40 twisted sister wild cherry superhero avengers marvel comics dc comics x-men venom batman spider-man wolverine captain america the flash green lantern deadpool iron man incredible hulk superman wonder woman ant-man aquaman batgirl black panther black widow carnage cyborg daredevil fantastic four flash gordon green arrow green goblin guardians of the galaxy harley quinn hawkman joker judge dredd justice league luke cage punisher shazam supergirl thor thanos ghost rider black bolt captain marvel catwoman doctor strange hawkeye iron fist lobo loki nightwing plastic man robin teen titans go 80s tv a-team seinfeld mr. t married with children sesame street airwolf muppets saved by the bell threes company captain power cheers family ties fraggle rock golden girls greatest american hero happy days iron mike tyson knight rider laverne and shirley love boat macgyver m.a.s.h. miami vice mork and mindy mr. rogers mtv murder she wrote pee-wee herman photon punky brewster sanford and son soul train star trek taxi fantasy dungeons & dragons magic the gathering retail brand blockbuster blow pop cheetos chuck e cheese chevrolet doritos coca-cola mountain dew hershey dum dums general mills honda icee jack daniels jarritos kellogg's pepsi rock-afire explosion planters monopoly national park foundation national parks conservation association tonka rubiks cube play-doh clue festivus ford discovery zone dr pepper pez pontiac nasa nerf hands across america ljn political retro retail stores hills bobs big boy capn crunch children's palace dubble bubble showbiz pizza place smarties smokey bear spam sweethearts tootsie pop tootsie roll wheres waldo white castle wrestling wwe ric flair randy savage macho man hulk hogan shawn michaels ultimate warrior andre the giant bret hart stone cold steve austin luchador jake the snake roberts wcw rowdy roddy piper undertaker ravishing rick rude million dollar man ted dibiase wrestlemania 90s movies ace ventura clueless the big lebowski the sandlot silence of the lambs hocus pocus jurassic park aladdin army of darkness toy story tommy boy scream pulp fiction office space mars attacks lion king nightmare before christmas fargo fight club forrest gump edward scissorhands dazed and confused cry baby home alone it point break masks and shirt beauty and the beast sleepy hollow tremors video games nintendo atari ghosts n goblins oregon trail mega man capcom castlevania cartridge art donkey kong final fight mortal kombat playstation sonic the hedgehog q-bert sega super mario bros. zelda pac-man ljn street fighter ii centipede missile command asteroids tempest breakout gravitar bionic commando resident evil mike tyson's punch out horror movie child's play nightmare on elm street friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space halloween it silence of the lambs amityville horror shining texas chainsaw massacre army of darkness evil dead pet sematary hellraiser rocky horror picture show exorcist carrie poltergeist 70s movies and tv shows brady bunch bruce lee the godfather exorcist battlestar galactica carrie evel knievel frosty the snowman grease rocky horror picture show santa claus is comin to town texas chainsaw massacre welcome back kotter willy wonka 90s tv shows boy meets world buffy the vampire slayer mighty morphin power rangers x-files nickelodeon twin peaks baywatch beverly hills 90210 dinosaurs friends home improvement stargate sg 1 xena 90s cartoons animaniacs arthur beavis and butthead captain planet the disney afternoon king of the hill powerpuff girls ren and stimpy 2000s movies anchorman avatar candyman creed elf talladega nights napoleon dynamite step brothers corpse bride frozen harry potter hunger games john wick lord of the rings shirt mean girls polar express dodgeball incredibles kill bill kung fu panda old school saw shaun of the dead shrek twilight zoolander 2000s tv the mandalorian yellowstone always sunny in philadelphia big bang theory the office parks and recreation archer bob's burgers cartoon network dragon tales family guy firefly naruto shippuden pokemon rick and morty classic movies - tv shows - books american graffiti andy griffith show astro boy bela lugosi brady bunch columbo curious george disney classic characters doctor who gilligan's island hagar the horrible i love lucy it's a wonderful life john wayne leave it to beaver little rascals mickey mouse muhammad ali munsters the phantom three stooges twilight zone universal monsters where the wild things are wizard of oz holiday america fathers day halloween costumes mothers day st. patrick's day military theme valentines day christmas christmas vacation christmas story star wars christmas ugly christmas sweaters-sweatshirts 80s cartoons christmas video games christmas superhero christmas wwe christmas music christmas the year without a santa claus tv christmas home alone follow us facebook instagram redeem grab a gift card redeem account account_circle log in add_circle create account about 80stees insert_comment blog business about email contact assignment_turned_in privacy policy list terms of service customer service question_answer help center timeline order status archive return policy local_shipping shipping information account_circle account skip to main menu shop by size color shop by size s m l xl 2xl 3xl 4xl 5xl 6xl lt xlt 2xlt 3xlt 4xlt black gray white blue red green yellow purple pink orange brown department shop by department male female new kids 80s movies karate kid & cobra kai ferris bueller's day off rad top gun star wars breakfast club jaws ghostbusters back to the future rambo rocky goonies airplane alien - ridley scott franchise blues brothers animal house beetlejuice christmas story bad news bears better off dead beverly hills cop big trouble in little china bill and ted's excellent adventure bloodsport - 1988 movie caddyshack child's play christmas vacation color of money conan the barbarian dark crystal day of the dead delta force elvira empire strikes back - officially licensed star wars escape from new york e.t. evil dead fast times at ridgemont high flashdance fletch footloose friday the 13th gremlins halloween heathers hellraiser iron eagle killer klowns from outer space labyrinth land before time little shop of horrors little mermaid lost boys major league monster squad nightmare on elm street north shore over the top pet sematary platoon predator pretty in pink princess bride revenge of the nerds road house robocop say anything scarface short circuit sixteen candles slap shot smokey and the bandit spinal tap star trek teen wolf terminator thrashin they live wargames the warriors science fiction cheech and chong godzilla running man trading places tron 80s cartoons transformers gi joe he-man and the masters of the universe thundercats teenage mutant ninja turtles voltron jem and the holograms mask gobots gundam care bears ducktales real ghostbusters chilly willy denver the last dinosaur mighty mouse garfield hanna barbera looney tunes my little pony pink panther popeye scooby doo she-ra silverhawks underdog casper the friendly ghost dennis the menace filmation betty boop gumby richie rich rocky and bullwinkle smurfs time for timer tom and jerry woody woodpecker 80s music acdc aerosmith def leppard iron maiden motley crue pink floyd poison wham! kiss guns n roses animotion michael jackson alice in chains backstreet boys britney spears frankie says relax bad company beastie boys billy idol billy joel bon jovi cheap trick cinderella charlie daniels creedence clearwater revival david bowie deep purple dokken duran duran eagles europe genesis george michael hip hop jimi hendrix journey joy division loverboy new order nsync ozzy osbourne rob zombie run-d.m.c. scorpions skid row slayer social distortion steve miller band styx the police thin lizzy vanilla ice velvet underground violent femmes wang chung warrant yes alice cooper zz top bob dylan buzzcocks charged gbh cypress hill dead kennedys dead milkmen elvis presley frank zappa funkadelic germs go gos grateful dead janis joplin jerry garcia jethro tull megadeth misfits siouxsie and the banshees stevie ray vaughan stone temple pilots syd barrett the band whitney houston woodstock spinal tap anthrax beatles blondie eric clapton ub40 twisted sister wild cherry superhero avengers marvel comics dc comics x-men venom batman spider-man wolverine captain america the flash green lantern deadpool iron man incredible hulk superman wonder woman ant-man aquaman batgirl black panther black widow carnage cyborg daredevil fantastic four flash gordon green arrow green goblin guardians of the galaxy harley quinn hawkman joker judge dredd justice league luke cage punisher shazam supergirl thor thanos ghost rider black bolt captain marvel catwoman doctor strange hawkeye iron fist lobo loki nightwing plastic man robin teen titans go 80s tv a-team seinfeld mr. t married with children sesame street airwolf muppets saved by the bell threes company captain power cheers family ties fraggle rock golden girls greatest american hero happy days iron mike tyson knight rider laverne and shirley love boat macgyver m.a.s.h. miami vice mork and mindy mr. rogers mtv murder she wrote pee-wee herman photon punky brewster sanford and son soul train star trek taxi fantasy dungeons & dragons magic the gathering retail brand blockbuster blow pop cheetos chuck e cheese chevrolet doritos coca-cola mountain dew hershey dum dums general mills honda icee jack daniels jarritos kellogg's pepsi rock-afire explosion planters monopoly national park foundation national parks conservation association tonka rubiks cube play-doh clue festivus ford discovery zone dr pepper pez pontiac nasa nerf hands across america ljn political retro retail stores hills bobs big boy capn crunch children's palace dubble bubble showbiz pizza place smarties smokey bear spam sweethearts tootsie pop tootsie roll wheres waldo white castle wrestling wwe ric flair randy savage macho man hulk hogan shawn michaels ultimate warrior andre the giant bret hart stone cold steve austin luchador jake the snake roberts wcw rowdy roddy piper undertaker ravishing rick rude million dollar man ted dibiase wrestlemania 90s movies ace ventura clueless the big lebowski the sandlot silence of the lambs hocus pocus jurassic park aladdin army of darkness toy story tommy boy scream pulp fiction office space mars attacks lion king nightmare before christmas fargo fight club forrest gump edward scissorhands dazed and confused cry baby home alone it point break masks and shirt beauty and the beast sleepy hollow tremors video games nintendo atari ghosts n goblins oregon trail mega man capcom castlevania cartridge art donkey kong final fight mortal kombat playstation sonic the hedgehog q-bert sega super mario bros. zelda pac-man ljn street fighter ii centipede missile command asteroids tempest breakout gravitar bionic commando resident evil mike tyson's punch out horror movie child's play nightmare on elm street friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space halloween it silence of the lambs amityville horror shining texas chainsaw massacre army of darkness evil dead pet sematary hellraiser rocky horror picture show exorcist carrie poltergeist 70s movies and tv shows brady bunch bruce lee the godfather exorcist battlestar galactica carrie evel knievel frosty the snowman grease rocky horror picture show santa claus is comin to town texas chainsaw massacre welcome back kotter willy wonka 90s tv shows boy meets world buffy the vampire slayer mighty morphin power rangers x-files nickelodeon twin peaks baywatch beverly hills 90210 dinosaurs friends home improvement stargate sg 1 xena 90s cartoons animaniacs arthur beavis and butthead captain planet the disney afternoon king of the hill powerpuff girls ren and stimpy 2000s movies anchorman avatar candyman creed elf talladega nights napoleon dynamite step brothers corpse bride frozen harry potter hunger games john wick lord of the rings shirt mean girls polar express dodgeball incredibles kill bill kung fu panda old school saw shaun of the dead shrek twilight zoolander 2000s tv the mandalorian yellowstone always sunny in philadelphia big bang theory the office parks and recreation archer bob's burgers cartoon network dragon tales family guy firefly naruto shippuden pokemon rick and morty classic movies - tv shows - books american graffiti andy griffith show astro boy bela lugosi brady bunch columbo curious george disney classic characters doctor who gilligan's island hagar the horrible i love lucy it's a wonderful life john wayne leave it to beaver little rascals mickey mouse muhammad ali munsters the phantom three stooges twilight zone universal monsters where the wild things are wizard of oz holiday america fathers day halloween costumes mothers day st. patrick's day military theme valentines day christmas christmas vacation christmas story star wars christmas ugly christmas sweaters-sweatshirts 80s cartoons christmas video games christmas superhero christmas wwe christmas music christmas the year without a santa claus tv christmas home alone touch_app tap go to search email account_circle  account link to cart cart (0 items) 📦 free worldwide shipping on orders $100 and up 🚚 buy 1 get 1 70% off! privacy policy privacy policy updated march 3rd, 2021 this privacy policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.80stees.com (the "site"). your information we use the information you provide to us in connection with your use of our site (e.g., name, shipping/billing address, phone number, email address and credit card information) for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, spotting trends, and informing you about 80stees and our partners. we maintain a record of your product purchases, and we may also share and/or cross-reference information about you, including, without limitation, contact information and data, with partners to enable them to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. we may contract with, and share and/or cross-reference such information and data with, third parties to provide certain services including, but not limited to, credit card processing, shipping, data management, security and information verification, and promotional services. we may share your name and address with third party marketing partners to assist us with direct mail marketing (postcards, catalogs, brochures).  these third party companies may use your name and address to assist other companies to send direct mail marketing to you as well.  in english, you may get catalogs from companies you have never heard of because we share this data.  we are not selling this data to third party marketing partners.  we are sharing it to model our customers to help us find similar customers and they may decide that you are a good prospect to send a non-related direct mail piece to as well. we may disclose information when required by law, to enforce our site policies, or to protect our rights, property or safety, and/or the rights, property, or safety of any third party. we may also share information with agencies or companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation, but we will not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes. please note that we do not alter our site's data collection and use practices when we see a do not track signal from your browser. your credit card number we do not store your credit card information, nor do we have access to your credit card number. all credit card data is processed by a pci-compliant third party payment processor. your email address 80stees will not sell your email address. we will not contact you with promotional email unless you opt-in to our email list. we use your email address to send you transactional email messages. transactional email messages include: order confirmation, shipment notification, delivery notification, request for product reviews, and any other email communication needed to facilitate your order. we use a number of services to send both transactional and marketing emails.  these services store your email address for the purpose of maintaining your status as a subscriber, for the purpose of recording whether you have received and/or opened emails from us, and to ensure that all emails that were supposed to be sent to you were actually sent. you will be given the option to add your email address to our mailing list when you place your order. we suggest you do, because we give out discount coupons and announce sales from our mailing list. you can unsubscribe from our marketing email list here. your phone number for calling we only call our customers if it is necessary to ask a question about an order. we do not sell or rent your phone number. we do not like getting sales calls, and we will not subject our customers to it. your phone number for texting if you begin the checkout process but do not complete an order our customer service representatives may text you to help assist with completion of the order. we market via text message, but only if you have opted in to received text messages. we do not sell or rent your phone number. text marketing: with your permission, we may send text messages about our store, new products, and other updates. updates include checkout reminders. webhooks will be used to trigger the checkout reminders messaging system. your physical address and contact information contact information from the order form is used to send orders, information and promotions from 80stees.com. periodically we may partner with other companies that want to send promotional material via the postal service to our customers. your device information while you are using our site we may record your preferences and browsing history to our database. this information is used so that we may better serve you via our website and/or third party websites. this data may be used to recognize you when you visit our site and to promote products similar to products you have ordered in the past. your preferences are collected and you are recognized via cookies that are placed on your web browser. 80stees places cookies on your browser through google analytics as well as some third party advertising companies.we sometimes partner with companies who can place banner ads to 80stees.com on other websites. if you have been to our site in the past you may see 80stees.com banners more frequently since we target people who have visited the site in the past. in addition, the ads you see may be based upon your browsing history while on 80stees.com. so if you visited a page about sesame street t-shirts you may see ads for sesame street t-shirts from 80stees.com while you are visiting other websites. we partner with a variety of advertising companies to display these ads, including google.com and facebook. third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve the badge on the site and to serve ads based on your prior visits to the site. opting out you can opt out from google serving ads based on your actions on 80stees.com and other sites by going to the google ads preferences manager. you can also install the google analytics opt-out browser add-on as well. you can control your facebook ad settings by visiting their ad preferences page. if you would like to opt out of our exchange of your information with other marketers, please let us know by sending us an email at help@80stees.com, including your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you do not want to receive, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to implement your request as promptly as possible. you may opt out of a third party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt out page. hotjar on occasion, we use hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's ip address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. neither hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. for further details, please see hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link. you can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link. california shine the light law under california's "shine the light" law, california residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain, once per calendar year, information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. if applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year. to obtain this information from us, please use the contact us link on the site, write "request for california privacy information" on the subject line of your message,and we will send you a reply email containing the requested information. not all information sharing is covered by the "shine the light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response. consent to processing of information in the united states notwithstanding your country of origin, or country, state and/or province of residence, by utilizing our site and/or directly providing personal information to us, you hereby agree to and acknowledge your understanding of the terms of this privacy policy, and consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the united states and/or in other jurisdictions as determined by us. children we do not knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). the site is not directed at children under the age of thirteen (13), and by using the site, you represent that you are not under the age of thirteen (13). right to transfer notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this privacy policy, 80stees reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer your personal information to a third party in connection with a proposed or actual purchase, sale, merger, or any other type of acquisition or financing of all or any portion of 80stees. changes if we change our privacy policy, we will inform you by posting the revised policy on our site, noting the date of revision. your continued use of our site after such change constitutes your consent to be bound by the revised privacy policy. don't miss out sign up for our newsletter enter your email to sign up for our newsletter follow us facebook instagram redeem grab a gift card redeem account account_circle log in add_circle create account about 80stees insert_comment blog business about email contact assignment_turned_in privacy policy list terms of service customer service question_answer help center timeline order status archive return policy local_shipping shipping information copyright © 2023 80stees.com all rights reserved. win a discount! 80stees.com giveaway name email submit cancel chat message us 0 shopping_cart cart search search menu menu quick support x 80stees instant answers got questions? 👋 hello! take a look below at some of the most frequently asked questions we receive. if you don't see your question below, feel free to reach out using the last option below 👇. i have a question about my order please email us at help@80stees.com for help with any past or current orders. what is your return policy? we will be happy to accept your item in new condition back for an exchange or a return. you can find our return policy here. if you aren't able to print out the return sheet, please include a note in your return package with your order number and instructions to refund or exchange for which sku and size. what are your shipping details? we offer free shipping on orders of $100 or more. most shirts print in 5-7 business days before shipment. you can see your shipping options before paying by proceeding through checkout. what are your product sizing details? each product with a size has a unique size chart associated to the product. on any product page, click on "view size chart" to view sizing information specific to that product. measurements are provided in in. and cm. so that you can compare those measurements to something that fits well from home. do you have any discounts? you can receive a discount by subscribing to our newsletter here. what fabric are your shirts? our shirts are printed on a variety of different blanks. you can see the specifics on fabric, graphic, etc. by scrolling down the product page to the details section. the 100% cotton shirts tend to be the sturdier, heavier shirts, and the cotton/poly blends are the softer styles. do you ship to my country? here you go: shipping information. we are not currently shipping to the uk with the new vat laws that are going into effect. what brands are your shirts? our shirts are printed on a variety of different blanks. you can see the specifics on fabric, graphic, etc. by scrolling down the product page to the details section. the brands can vary depending on license, color availability, etc., but they are standard us shirts. do you offer wholesale orders? here is our info on bulk ordering why are your shirts expensive? we did raise our prices due to the free shipping option, but that is only a small part of the price increase. we just were not making any money. the prices of the blanks and the licensing agreements have been rising much faster than our pricing. we had to make a decision if we are going to stay in business to raise our prices. as a result of that, we will also be able to have more sales and promotions which you can receive by subscribing to the newsletter. here is the founder's blog about the change. do you have ladies shirts? here is a link to our current ladies collection (you can also filter by gender within each collection). if there's something you'd like that isn't available in ladies, please ✉email us so we can see if it's possible with the licensing. do you have kid's shirts? here's a link to our kids sizes on the site. if there's something you'd like that isn't available in kids, please email us ✉email us so we can see if it's possible with the licensing. are your shirts soft? the 100% cotton shirts tend to be the sturdier, heavier shirts. the cotton/poly blends are the softer styles. you can see the specifics on fabric by scrolling down the product page to the details section. we don't currently have a filter for fabric composition, but here is a link to all of our styles that contain any polyester, which may help narrow it down a bit. are your shirts officially licensed? yes, we've been in business for 21 years selling officially licensed shirts. you can find that info on each product page. why can't you ship to the uk? we are not currently shipping to the uk with the new vat laws that are going into effect. it will take us some time to adjust our ordering software to accommodate the new regulations. my question isn't listed here. if you have another question, please ✉️ send us a message at help@80stees.com and we will get back to you with an answer. more questions?