来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090703224941/http://www.essential.com:80/terms.php
================================================================================

traditional phone service at competitive pricing including all the features and low 2.9 cents per minute long distance. terms of use this terms of use document governs the use of the websites (usa sites) controlled and operated by the united systems access group of companies (usa) and the hosting of other websites by usa companies. by accessing or using the usa sites, you agree to be legally bound by and subject to this terms of use document. please do not use any of the usa sites if you determine that you cannot abide by the terms of use. intellectual property rights all content on the usa sites (online content), including but not limited to, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, illustrations and other images, are protected by copyrights and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by usa or by other parties that have licensed their material to usa. no online content may be copied, reproduced, republished, modified, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed in any way, or otherwise used for any purpose without the prior written permission of usa. you may not add, delete, distort, or otherwise modify the online content of the usa sites. any unauthorized attempts to modify any online content, to defeat or circumvent our security features, or to utilize the usa sites for other than its intended purposes is prohibited. we ask any third party to report any material on the usa sites which you believe may infringe your copyright by contacting our corporate office. links to other web sites any links to other websites on the usa sites have been provided for your convenience (links). we do not review or endorse such links for content, other than to determine its initial relevancy, and are not responsible for the content of links or any off-site pages that may be linked to the usa sites. you must take precautions to ensure that the links you visit are free of viruses or other items of a destructive nature. use of usa sites you may use the usa sites and its content for lawful purposes only and must comply with applicable law. you must ensure the security of any information transmitted to usa. you are prohibited from storing, distributing or transmitting any unlawful material through the usa sites. you may not collect or store personal information regarding other users of the usa sites. be aware that storing, distributing or transmitting unlawful material could expose you to criminal and/or civil liaif a third party claims that material you have contributed to the usa sites is unlawful, you will be responsible foall materials publicly posted (other than by usa) or privately transmitted on or through the usa sites are the sole any material submitted to us will become the property of usa and usa shall be entitled to use such material for anyyou agree that you will not submit or otherwise publish through the usa sites any content, or act in any way, which (1) constitutes libel, defamation, invasion of privacy, or is considered obscene, abusive, or threatening; (2) may infringe on the intellectual property rights or other rights of any entity or person; (3) may violate applicable statutes or regulations or advocate illegal activity; (4) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods and/or services, or otherwise engages i (5) disrupts website flow or otherwise acts in a way which affects the ability of users to engage in real time ac (6) includes programs which may contain viruses or other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, (7) includes mp3 or jpeg format files; (8) is contrary to any policy established from time to time regarding use of the usa sites or any networks connec (9) contains links to other websites that contain material which falls within the descriptions set out in (1) thr you are hereby notified that we cooperate with any and all law enforcement authorities and comply with any judicialus to disclose the identity of anyone posting materials or using the usa sites in violation of any applicable federwe reserve the right in our sole discretion to remove or disable access to any material posted on or to our sites, material posted by you if we believe that material is unacceptable for any reason that usa can determine. furthermore, if we believe in our sole discretion that you have violated any of the terms of this terms of use docuincluding specifically but without limitation by posting or providing links to material which infringes intellectuawe reserve the right to terminate your access to the usa sites. online content unless otherwise specified, the content of the usa sites is presented solely for the purpose of assisting usa telephone and internet customers in the united states and its territories, and for promoting usa’s telephone-related products and services. we make no representation that online content is appropriate or available for use in other locations outside the united states. visitors to the usa sites from other locations are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws, including those concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the united states or the country where you live. disclaimer of warranties and liability your use of the usa sites, the online content, and any products or services purchased on the usa sites is done at your own risk. all online materials and the products and services offered on the usa sites are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. usa expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. neither usa, nor its affiliated and subsidiary companies, nor their respective vendors, agents or employees, nor any person involved in the creation, production and distribution of the usa sites warrant that each particular website will be available, uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that usa or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful materials. the content on the usa sites is provided for customer assistance, marketing and promotional purposes. usa does not warrant or make any representation regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on the usa sites or linked websites in terms of their accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. usa makes no warranties that your use of the materials, information, software, facilities, services or other content on the usa sites will not infringe on the rights of others and usa assumes no liability or responsibility for errors or omissions within such items. if current law does not allow the exclusion of some or all of the above implied warranties to apply to you, the above exclusions will apply to you only to the extent permitted by applicable law. without limiting the aforementioned disclaimer, you agree that usa, its affiliates and subsidiary companies and their respective vendors, agents, employees, and any person involved in the creation, production and distribution of the usa sites shall not be liable for: (a) any claims, liability, or direct, indirect, punitive, actual, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages resulting from your use or purchase of any products or services on the usa sites or from your use of any online content; (b) your use or inability to use or access the usa sites; or (c) defects, delays in operation, transmission failure, or other failure of performance on the usa site or the internet. if current law does not allow the exclusion of some or all of the above limitations of liability to apply to you, the limitation will apply to you only to the extent permitted by applicable law. usa may remove or modify any content on the usa sites without notice or liability at any time in its sole discretion. you agree that any use of the usa sites will be at your own risk and you will be subject to the disclaimers and limitation on the aforementioned liability. indemnification of usa you agree to indemnify and hold harmless usa, its parent, affiliated and subsidiary entities, and the successors, licensees, assigns, officers and directors of each from and against any and all claims, losses and damages (including reasonable attorney's fees) constituting and arising out of a breach of any of the provisions of this terms of use document, including conflicts arising from your placement or transmission of any content onto usa's servers, and/or from any and all use of the usa sites. governing law of terms of use this terms of use document shall be governed by the laws of the state of maine without regard to its provisions regarding conflicts of law. you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the various federal, state, and local courts located within the state of maine. if any provision of this terms of use document is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provision. because these terms of use are subject to change, you should periodically visit this section to review the current terms of use since you will be legally bound by such changes. usa reserves the right to terminate this agreement at any time, for any reason, without notice to you.