来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20140409195651/http://www.armaniexchange.com/category/customer+service/privacy+%26+security.do
================================================================================

privacy & security - customer service - armani exchange my bag (0) 0 item in your cart your shopping bag is currently empty log in order status find a store customer service mens womens denim accessories lookbook sale free shipping when you spend $100 or more* > privacy policy > secure shopping privacy & security privacy policy armani exchange privacy policy effective date: january 20, 2014 1. purpose to help ensure that you have an enjoyable online experience, we want you to understand what information we collect about you, how we collect it, how it is used, and how it is shared. armani exchange knows that you value your personal information and we take your privacy very seriously and are committed to using your information responsibly. this policy applies to information we collect in our stores, from your website visits and otherwise. 2. acceptance of privacy policy and terms and conditionsby visiting our website, submitting information through our website, using our services, or purchasing our products, you acknowledge that you accept and consent to the practices and policies described in our website privacy policy and terms and conditions. 3. collection of information we collect various types of information about you. such information may include: your name, address and telephone number your date of birth your email address your credit card, debit card, or any gift information proof of your identity your billing address your product preferences your demographic information similar information to that above, about a friend or family member to whom you send a gift we collect information about you in several different ways. first you provide us with information when you use our website and order goods.  second, we collect information automatically by using certain technical tracking and monitoring techniques. third, certain information is obtained from other sources including our vendor partners. information you provide to us information you provide to us is obtained by your: registering to create an online account opting in to receive emails from us placing an order in the online store, by telephone or in a bricks and mortar store seeking employment opportunities obtaining student discounts under the student advantage program raising a billing or order issue participating in awards programs, when they are in place from time to time participating in gift certificate programs filling out a customer information card in one of our stores communicating with a customer service representative enrolling in sweepstakes, contests, and promotions joining social sites information collected automatically there is certain information that we obtain from different technical tracking and monitoring tools that we and most online retailers use. log information: when you log in to use our website, we collect information from your browser (i.e., information about your operating system, internet service providers, ip address, time and duration of visits, screen resolutions, gps locations for mobile devices) and access the pages you have visited. this allows us to make recommendations to you, know what pages are of interest to you, etc. transaction information: we also collect information about all purchase and return transactions including the customers name, product details and the location of the purchase or return. tracking technologies: finally, tracking technologies including but not limited to cookies and web beacons (also known as pixel tags or clear gifs) are used to help us understand your buying patterns and to better serve you. as a customer you can choose whether or not to allow your browser to accept cookies. information we collect from our partners and other sources we may obtain information about you from other sources. 4. use of information armani exchange uses your information: to provide you with an enhanced customer shopping experience both in our stores and online to process and fulfill orders you place to process returns to make you aware of special events and promotions to communicate with you to improve our website design, products, and services for administrative and internal business purposes such as marketing research, customer relations management, and analysis to understand your shopping preferences and purchasing behavior to customize offers for you 5. sharing of information we may share your information: with third party service providers who need access to such information in order to perform services, including analytics, and carry out functions on our behalf if disclosure is required by law or based on a good faith believe that it is required by law to protect the rights, property, and safety of armani exchange in connection with any merger, consolidation, sale, acquisition, corporate reorganization or other corporate change with your consent or at your request 6. advertising and analytics services we may rely on third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business including but not limited to providing advertisements to you on our behalf and providing analytics services. if we do, we will request that each vendor abide by the terms of this privacy policy. to allow for third parties to effectively serve us, they may collect information about your use of our website using cookies and other tracking technologies to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine what clothing is popular and most attractive, deliver targeted advertising tailored to your interests, and to better understand your online behavior. any third party who has access to your information is only permitted to use it, to the extend needed, to perform their duties and in ways which allow us to provide better service to you. 7. phishing please be aware that it is common for unauthorized individuals to engage in identity theft and attempt to secure sensitive information from customers. this scam designed to steal your personal information is commonly referred to as "phishing". if you receive an email or other correspondence that appears to be from us requesting that you provide any sensitive information including your account username and password or credit/ debit card information, please do not do so. we may need additional order information from time to time and, if so, we may want to verify billing related information to avoid a fraudulent purchase. if this is needed, we will send an email requesting that a customer call us to provide the information, but we will not ask the customer to provide sensitive information via email. 8. linked sites please be aware that when you navigate our website, it may contain links to other sites (i.e. facebook, twitter, youtube), which may have privacy policies that differ from ours. by clicking on any link to another, you will be taken outside of our service and control and as a result we are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or policies of any linked site. therefore, we suggest that you review the privacy policy of any linked site which you choose to visit. 9. security armani exchange takes reasonable measures to protect you and your personal information, which is disclosed to us in the course of our business relationship. these measures include steps to prevent theft, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of your information. 10. your choices at anytime while you have an online account with armani exchange, you will have the option of logging into your account and then going to the my account page (see site map for information) in order to update information or unsubscribe from our mailing list. if you choose to opt-out from receiving emails, please understand that we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions, and communications with us. we process an opt-out request as soon as possible. generally, a request will be processed in 14 days, but may take longer in certain circumstances. to opt-out, you may also click here. 11. retention we may retain some information obtained from your account for proper bookkeeping, if required by law or for other legitimate business purposes. there may also be information that is kept archival from time to time. credit card data is generally held for up to two weeks before it is disposed of, however other information may be retained for a longer period. 12. children and privacy armani exchange is concerned about the use of internet by children. armani exchange does not knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior parental consent when legally required. any child under the age of 13 who has registered without parental consent will be removed. we also do not sell products for purchase by children. furthermore, if you are not 18 years or older, you are not authorized to use this website. we encourage parents and guardians to monitor their childrens online usage. parents have the option to block children from using certain sites and we encourage parents to explore this option where it will safeguard their children. 13. accessing our website from outside the u.s. if you are visiting our website from a location outside of the united states, please be aware that your ability to do so stems from connecting to servers located within the united states and all information will be collected, maintained and processed on servers and internal systems within the the united states. therefore, this privacy policy governs you regardless of where you are located when you access our website. 14. california rights armani exchange collects various types of personal information about you, both online and offline, as noted above. under california law, armani exchange customers who are california residents may request certain information about our disclosures of your personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. these rights apply if you have communicated with us or purchased something from us. to make such a written request, please write us at the following address: 111 8th avenue 9th floor attn: internet department new york, ny 10011 15. amendments to privacy policy we may change our privacy policy from time to time. we encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically. if we make any changes, we will provide notice to you by revising the "last updated" date that appears at the top of the privacy policy. please confirm the use date on the print or online version you obtain. 16. contact us in the event you have any questions about the armani exchange privacy policy, please contact us at: a|x armani exchange 111 8th avenue 9th floor attn: internet department new york, ny 10011 custserv@armaniexchange.com facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube join mobile select country united states canada australia china hong kong japan korea philippines qatar singapore taiwan thailand uae united kingdom armani.com a|x brand a|x careers shipping returns gift cards site map terms privacy copyright © 2013 armani exchange all rights reserved.