来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171229210145/https://www.armaniexchange.com/us/Help/LegalArea/PrivacyPolicy
================================================================================

skip to main content menu search shopping bag 0 ‎‎0‎ items legal area legal area privacy policy return policy terms and conditions of sale terms and conditions of use privacy policy ‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎who is the controller? what data are we processing and why? who will process your data? how long do we keep your data for? what are your rights? privacy policy - general regulations on personal data protection - “regulations" 1. purpose of processing and consequences if you refuse to provide your personal data 2. methods and legal bases for processing 3. disclosure of your personal data to third parties 4. transfer of personal data outside the european union 5. maintaining of personal data 6. data controller and data protection officer 7. your rights welcome to our website www.armaniexchange.com (the website). your privacy and the security of your personal data are very important to "giorgio armani s.p.a.. that is why we are collecting and managing your personal data with the utmost attention and are adopting specific measures to keep it secure. below you will find the main information about "giorgio armani s.p.a.'s processing of your personal data in relation to your navigation of www.armaniexchange.com and to the use of the services offered. for detailed information on how "giorgio armani s.p.a. manages your personal data, we ask that you carefully read this document and our ‎‎privacy policy‎‎. we also ask you that you read the ‎‎cookie policy‎‎general terms of use ‎‎ on the website www.armaniexchange.com, which contain detailed information about the terms of our services. some services may be subject to specific legal terms, in which case we will give you all the appropriate information in each instance. who is the controller? the website www.armaniexchange.com is managed by yoox net-a-porter group s.p.a., with registered office at via morimondo, 17 – milano 20143. ("yoox net-a-porter group"), which acts as an independent processor of personal data for all sales-related activities, such as order registration and completion, the management of payments, any returns, and post-sales customer care services. "giorgio armani s.p.a., with registered office at via borgonuovo 11, 20121 milano, italy ("giorgio armani s.p.a.) acts as an independent data controller for the purposes of marketing, profiling and sharing your data, whenever you provide your consent to such processing. below is the main information regarding how "giorgio armani s.p.a. processes your personal data. for any clarification, request or requirement related to your privacy and to the processing of your personal data, you may contact us at any time by sending a request to our ‎‎customer care‎‎ or by writing to the address of the registered office of "giorgio armani s.p.a.. if you wish to do so, you may also contact our data protection officer (dpo), by writing to the aforementioned address, or via email to dpo@giorgioarmani.it. what data do we process and why?the personal data that yoox net-a-porter group processes is the information that you provide when you complete an order and purchase items, and the information that we collect while you navigate or when you use the services offered on www.armaniexchange.com. yoox net-a-porter group may thus collect data concerning you, for example, contact information such as first and last name, shipping address and billing address, data relating to payment, and navigation data. "giorgio armani s.p.a. processes, with your consent, the data that you provide to us when you wish to receive promotional information or communications from "giorgio armani s.p.a. or from other companies in the , such as first and last name, email address, date of birth, preferences (for example man or woman, interest in receiving communications about our apparel, accessories, or beauty products, etc.) "giorgio armani s.p.a. also processes data related to your purchases, when you provide your express consent to record your buying practices, preferences, and lifestyle so they can be used to create group and individual profiles ("profiling") which are used to send personalized communications, and to conduct market research and statistical research with anonymous data, organized in aggregate form. your personal data is processed for the following purposes: to enter into and perform a contract to purchase items offered on www.armaniexchange.com;to provide you with the services of www.armaniexchange.com, such as registration for the newsletter;to allow you to register for the website and use the services that are limited to registered users;to manage your requests sent to our ‎‎customer care‎‎. in the aforementioned cases, the processing of your personal data is lawful to the extent needed to perform a contract entered with you or to provide you with the service you have specifically requested. however, only with your express consent will we process your personal data for:carrying out sales communications activities;analyzing your purchase practices to create individual or group profiles;sharing your data with other companies in the ;personalizing the website based on your interests. who will process your data?your personal data is processed by personnel who have been duly instructed by us and by other companies in the and, for organizational and functional requirements related to the provision of services on www.armaniexchange.com, by our providers. the latter have been evaluated and selected by "giorgio armani s.p.a. and by yoox net-a-porter group for their proven expertise and reliability. some of these parties may also be based in non-eu countries and, in these cases, the transfer of your personal data in these countries is carried out in compliance with the guarantees provided by law. for what period of time do we keep your data?we keep your personal data for a limited period of time, which depends on the purposes for which it was collected; after such period, your personal data will be deleted or nevertheless rendered irreversibly anonymous. the retention period is different depending on the purpose of the processing: for example, the data collected during the purchase of items on www.armaniexchange.com is processed until all of the administrative and accounting formalities have been completed, and is then archived in accordance with the local tax legislation (ten years), while the data used to send you our newsletter until you request that we stop sending it to you is nevertheless kept for a period of no more than 24 months. for further information see our ‎‎privacy policy‎‎. what are your rights?at any time, depending on the specific processing, you may: revoke your consent to processing, find out what personal data is in our possession, its source and how it is used, ask that the data be updated, corrected or supplemented as well as, in the cases provided for by the current provisions, have it deleted, limit its processing, or oppose it. if you wish, you may ask to receive the personal data in the possession of "giorgio armani s.p.a. in a form that can be read by electronic devices and, where technically feasible, we can transfer your data directly to a third party you have indicated. if you believe that the processing of your personal data has been carried out illegally, you can submit a claim to one of the supervisory authorities responsible for compliance with the rules on personal data protection. in italy, you may submit a claim to the personal data protection authority [garante per la protezione dei dati personali] (http://www.garanteprivacy.it/). this information may be subject to changes and additions over time, so we ask that you periodically check the contents. where possible, we will try to immediately inform you of any changes made. privacy policy- general regulations on personal data protection - "regulations" "giorgio armani s.p.a. (“armani") as data controller informs you as follows regarding the processing of your personal data pursuant to art. 13 of eu regulation 2016/679 on personal data protection ("regulations"). 1. purposes of processing and consequences should you refuse to provide your personal data a) purposes that require data processing to perform a requested service armani processes the personal data you provide to allow you to use the services on the website, which include requesting information about our products and their availability, requesting assistance, being recontacted, or reserving an appointment at a store. for such purposes, armani processes your data such as title, first and last name, email address, data relating to your residence (city, country), and date of birth. for the purposes indicated above, providing your personal data is necessary and a refusal to do so will prevent you from using the requested service. b) additional purposes: marketing - profiling - sharing of data with the with your consent (which is optional), armani uses your personal data for marketing purposes, i.e. to send you promotional newsletters, sales, or advertising communications on events, promotional and sales initiatives of armani, market research and satisfaction surveys, in addition to performing statistical analyses with anonymous data that has been organized in aggregate format. the marketing activities are completed by email, newsletter, telephone call via operator, sms, mms, chat, instant messaging, social networks and traditional mail, including the sending of invitations to events organized by armani or in which armani participates. you may at any time indicate the contact method you prefer of those noted above, or may oppose receiving promotional communications through all or just some of the aforementioned communication methods. with your consent (which is optional), armani, at its own points of sale and online through websites or armani accounts on social media, collects information relating to your preferences, practices, lifestyle, as well as the details for purchases made, in order to use it to create group and individual profiles ("profiling") which are used to send personalized communications and to perform market research and statistical research with anonymous data, which is organized in aggregate form. the personalized marketing activities are completed by email (newsletter), phone, sms, mms, chat, instant messaging, social network and traditional mail, including invitations to events. you may at any time indicate the contact method you prefer from among those noted above, and you may oppose receiving promotional communications through any or all of the communications methods listed above. with your consent (which is optional), armani uses your personal data for the purposes of sharing it with the companies of the armani group, in order to conduct marketing activities on their behalf, i.e. to send you promotional newsletters, sales or advertising communications about events, promotional and sales initiatives for companies in the armani group, market research and satisfaction surveys, in addition to performing statistical analyses with anonymous data, organized in aggregate form. marketing activities are carried out by email, newsletter, telephone calls through operators, sms, mms, chat, instant messaging, social networks, and traditional mail, including sending invitations to events organized by companies in the armani group or in which the companies of the armani group participate. you may indicate at any time the contact method you prefer from among those noted above and you may oppose receipt of the promotional communications through all or some of the communication channels noted above. for the marketing, profiling and data sharing activities armani uses data such as your title, first and last name, email address, data relating to your place of residence (city, country), your date of birth, data relating to interactions with our digital initiatives (websites, social media), products viewed, requested and/or purchased, participation in events organized by armani, or in which armani participates. it is optional to provide your personal data for the aforementioned purposes of marketing, profiling and data sharing, and any refusal to do so shall have no effect on your registration with the website. 2. methods and legal bases for the processingarmani processes your personal data with or without the aid of electronic instruments, based on logic and procedures that are consistent with the purposes indicated below and in accordance with the regulations, including the confidentiality and security terms. you may provide the data when registering with the website www.armaniexchange.com, making purchases when visiting our boutiques, or when you interact with our digital initiatives (websites, social media), or during events that are organized by armani or in which armani participates. in accordance with the regulations, the personal data concerning you that is acquired from you in each instance or from authorized third parties is used to update and correct the information that was previously collected. armani processes your personal data based on the following criteria of legitimacy:your consentarmani's legitimate interest in performing its activity;the performance of a specific request from you ;the fulfilment of legal obligations 3. communication of your personal data to third partiesthe personal data is accessible to our duly authorized personnel based on criteria of need and is communicated to third parties in the following cases: (i) when the communication is required by law and applicable regulations with respect to legitimate third parties who receive the data, such as public entities and authorities for the respective institutional purposes; (ii) communication to third parties in case of extraordinary operations (e.g. mergers, purchases, disposal of business, etc.) your personal data is also shared with our service providers, e.g. for services of a technical and organizational nature which are functional for the purposes indicated above, such as independent associates, including partners, e.g. companies that manage our website, companies specialized in market research or data processing, advertising companies, etc. we provide these parties with the data needed to perform the services agreed to and they act as data processors, based on the instructions they receive from armani. armani does not disclose your data to third parties for them to be able to use it for their own marketing or profiling purposes. 4. transfer of personal data outside the european unionsome of the aforementioned parties may also be established outside the european union, in countries that do not provide an adequate level of personal data protection according to the standards established by the regulations. armani takes the necessary precautions for data to be lawfully transferred (e.g. through implementation of the standard contractual clauses approved by the european commission). you may request information regarding the transfer abroad of your personal data at any time by contacting armani or armani's data protection officer at the addressed indicated below. 5. maintaining of personal datathe personal data processed to respond to a specific request from you is kept for the time needed to perform the requested service. for the purposes of marketing, profiling and sharing data with companies of the the data is kept for the period of time that is strictly necessary to achieve the aforementioned purposes, within the limits granted by the regulations. in particular, your data will be processed for a period of 12 months for profiling purposes and 24 months for marketing purposes. you may request that your data be deleted for such purposes and oppose the processing of data for marketing purposes at any time. 6. data controller and data protection officer the data controller is giorgio armani s.p.a., with registered office at via borgonuovo 11, 20121 milano, italy. the data protection officer is domiciled at the registered office of the controller and may be contacted at the following email address: dpo@giorgioarmani.it. 7. your rightsyou may contact armani in its capacity as data controller or the data protection officer at the addresses indicated above for an updated list of our data processors (i.e. our service providers), the parties to whom the data is disclosed and to exercise your rights per art. 15 et seq. of the regulations at any time; to obtain confirmation of whether or not your data exists, to check its content, source, accuracy, to request that it be supplemented, updated, corrected, deleted, anonymized, to request that it be transferred, that processing be limited, to oppose processing for legitimate reasons, e.g. opposing marketing activities, or to submit a claim to the supervisory authority (the personal data protection authority). back instagram twitter facebook pinterest country: united states change country subscribe to our newsletter careers armani.com contact us shipping returns my orders privacy policy legal area authenticity corporate information powered by yoox net-a-porter group - copyright © 2018 giorgio armani s.p.a. - all rights reserved most recently updated notifications close homenew arrivalsmenwomenmennew arrivalsblazersshirtspolos & teesgraphic teessweatersjackets & outerwearshortspantsdenimactivewearswimunderwearshoesbagsaccessoriesall accessorieswallets & card casesbeltshatsscarveswatchesall watchesconnected watchesfashion watchessunglasseswomennew arrivalsdresses & jumpsuitstopsteessweatersjackets & outerwearbottomsdenimactivewearshoeshandbagsaccessoriesall accessorieswalletsbeltshatsscarveswatchesall watchesconnected watchesfashion watchessunglassesboyspolos & teessweaters & sweatshirtsbottomsouterweargirlstopsbottomsdressesouterwearonline exclusiveswomenmensalewomen's saleall saletopsbottomsdressesaccessoriesmen's saleall saletopsbottomsaccessorieskid's saletrendswomen'sweekend getaway back to school code redspecial promotionmen'sweekend getaway back to school code bluecamo alertspecial promotioneditorial customer care store locator country: united states change country end of menu