来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229181307/https://www.article.com/faq
================================================================================

faq - article - article | modern, mid-century and scandinavian furniture sofas sofas loveseats sectionals ottomans chairs lounge chairs dining chairs stools benches tables dining tables coffee tables storage accessories lighting vases rugs pillows 1.888.746.3455 chat about united states canada sofas chairs tables accessories faq search products q. where are your products manufactured? we look for the finest craftsmen for each of our products, and as a result we work with manufacturers all over the world.we currently work with manufacturers in vietnam, china, indonesia and india.before establishing a relationship with a new manufacturing partner we carefully vet them against our stringent criteria for ethical business practices and quality control. we personally visit with every factory we work with on a regular basis to ensure that these standards are maintained. q. which products would you recommend for families with young children? there’s no age restriction for furniture napping — and many of our articles are great for both children and the child-at-heart.ceni is a low-maintenance, durable, springy sofa that hides dirty fingerprints and spills well (without pointing fingers or naming names—probably because it’s a sofa). it’s also built with an easily-accessed low-profile silhouette for even our smallest customers to grab a seat. busy parents will also love that ceni comes ready for action right out of the box, no assembly required!for tons of room on family movie night, the burrard sectional has deep, down-filled cushions for everyone to spread out on. the only thing you’ll have to worry about sharing is the popcorn—netflix membership sold separately. q. which products would you recommend for dog owners? for pet owners with four-legged friends that like to treat the family sofa like their fancy new dog bed, we recommend leather as a great place to start. the sven sofa in charme tan leather already comes with a well-worn vintage patina complete with natural scratch marks and variations that will blend right in with buddy’s paw marks.for a hardier leather that has a more consistent finish, our oxford options like on the worthington and alcott sofas work well with pups that are just as much bite as bark. we also invited our favorite particle pooches to a photoshoot on our most popular articles and invite any doggy models to strike a pose using the #articledogs hashtag on instagram. q. which products would you recommend for cat owners? while most upholstery fabrics and our luxurious velvets might attract the wrong kind of attention from a cat (you see your beautiful new article, they see a fancy scratching post), we think there’s a lot to love about leather for cat-owners.we suggest a tough leather in our oxford series (like the contemporary echo, mid-century sven, or stylishly retro matrix) or a distressed leather like our rustic nirvana sofa that will draw less attention to any accidental cat scratches and scuffs.when approached to take part in a photoshoot with our articles, the caticles looked us straight in the eye while knocking a vase off one of our coffee tables. we took this as a decline to appear on the website for now. q. do you use flame retardants in your furniture? we do not add any flame retardants to our products during the manufacturing process, and as a general principle try to remove or reduce the use of chemicals in the production process wherever possible. all of our products are compliant with revised california technical bulletin tb-117-2013. q. are finish colors shown in your photos accurate? all photos on our website are taken by professional photographers under lighting conditions that are typical in a residential home.we endeavour to accurately show the finish color and texture as best we can. how these photos display on any individual monitor and output from any printer can vary based on the different settings. if we can be of assistance in selecting the right furniture for your situation (style, dimensions, color, etc.) get in touch and we would be happy to help. ordering and payment q. i am concerned about submitting my credit card information online. is it safe to place an order on your site? yes, absolutely safe.your credit card information is transferred using the same 256 bit encryption and physical security that banks use. q. can i place my order by phone? absolutely! if you would place your order over the phone you can speak with one of our friendly customer service team by calling 1-888-746-3455. q. what types of payments do you accept? we accept all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, diners club, and discover).you can also choose to pay using paypal, or wire transfer. u.s. customers are able to arrange financing for their purchase with our financing partner affirm. q. do you charge sales tax? we collect sales tax where we are required to by law. in the u.s., this is states in which we have physical locations: washington, new jersey, and california. in canada, we collect the appropriate provincial and federal taxes depending on the province/territory where you live. q. when will i be charged for my order? you will be charged for your order when you place it. q. will i get confirmation of my order? an order confirmation email is sent to you when you place the order. if you have not received it within a few hours of placing your order please contact us to let us know. shipping, delivery and assembly q. how much do you charge for shipping? basic shipping to nearly everywhere in the continental u.s. and canada is a flat-rate of $49, no matter how large your order is. you can also choose to upgrade your shipping to in-room delivery, or even assembly service for an additional fee. if you live in a particularly remote area there may be additional delivery fees, but we will always inform you before these are charged. some of our smaller items are shipped using standard courier services, in which case shipping is just $19. this charge will be reflected at checkout.see our shipping page for full details of shipping charges. q. can i choose an upgraded delivery service (in-room or assembly)? we offer a number of shipping options: $49 - ground floor/front door. our friendly delivery driver will bring your items to the front door or closest possible ground floor location. they will not enter the residence or go up stairs. this is a great time to cash in some favours from your burliest friends if you live on the top floor of a 12-storey walk-up.$99 - inside room. the delivery team will bring the items into the room of your choice and leave them for you to revel in the excitement of unboxing and setting up your new furniture. burly friends all mysteriously busy? in that case, this is a great option. $169 - inside & assembly. the delivery team will bring the items into the room of your choice, carefully unbox and assemble them for you. they will not take the boxes away with them as they are required should you want to make a return. some people who choose this option like to go into another room of their house, then come back in once the delivery team has finished and their new furniture is all set up and pretend they are on an episode of "extreme makeover: home edition". this is optional. we encourage anyone who feels they would be unable to get their order from the ground level front door to their room of choice to consider one of our upgraded shipping options at checkout. q. how will my furniture ship? in order to ensure that your new furniture arrives in pristine condition we generally ship using carriers that are specialized in shipping furniture.if you place an order for a smaller item it may ship using a standard courier service, in which case you will be charged a lower fee for shipping. q. can i track my shipment? once you have placed your order you will get an estimated delivery date in your order confirmation email. when your order leaves our warehouse we will send you another email to let you know. you are also able to log in to our website to see any updates to your order status. q. will i get a call when the furniture is going to be delivered? in most cases, once your order arrives in your local area our delivery partner will contact you to arrange a day and time for delivery. delivery appointment availability varies depending on the local delivery partner in your area. generally this will be between 9am and 5pm, monday to friday, but the specific partner in your area may be able to accommodate deliveries outside this time.if your order was shipped using a courier service you will not be given advance notice as to when they will deliver. q. can i place my order on hold/can you deliver after a certain date? yes, we would be happy to put your order on hold for you. as soon as you place the order give us a call, or simply reply to your order confirmation email and we can put it on hold until you advise otherwise. as soon as you are able to receive the order, just let us know and we will ship it right out to you. our delivery partners  will only ever deliver to you when you are there to receive the order and have a pre-arranged delivery appointment. q. do you ship internationally? (i.e. outside the us and canada) while we love to hear from fans from far flung corners of the earth, we currently only offer our standard shipping to customers in canada and the continental us. we do also ship to hawaii, alaska, and puerto rico, however there is an additional shipping fee that varies based on your location and order size. please contact our customer service team to inquire about the additional fees. q. can you ship to apo / fpo addresses? we do not currently ship to apo/fpo addresses. q. can i change my shipping address after i place the order? please let us know as soon as you are able to if you wish to change the delivery address on your order. we will always do our best to ensure that your order is sent to the right location. q. what happens if i miss my delivery appointment? in the event that you miss your delivery appointment our local delivery partner will be in touch to schedule another appointment. note that some of our delivery partners may charge a redelivery fee in this instance. q. i ordered multiple items but they did not arrive together, what’s going on? don’t panic! it is likely that your items have shipped from different warehouses and the missing items will arrive shortly. please don’t hesitate to get in touch if your order does not arrive within its delivery estimate and we will work with our carriers to get your order to you right away. q. my estimated delivery window has passed and my order hasn’t yet arrived - what should i do? this will have been flagged in our system, and we will be doing our best to get you your order as soon as possible. if you want to enquire about progress please get in touch and we will be happy to let you know where your order is. returns and cancellations q. can i return my order? if for any reason you don’t love your new furniture you can return it within the first 30-days, no questions asked. provided you return the furniture in as-new condition and in the original packaging we will refund your purchase, less the cost of shipping and return shipping. read more about our 30-day satisfaction guarantee. q. if i choose to return my order, what happens next? if you do decide to return your order contact us and let us know. we will ask you to repackage the item carefully in the packaging in which it arrived. our delivery partner will then schedule a convenient time to come and collect the order for return shipping. once the item is back at our warehouse it will be inspected, and provided it is in as-new condition we will issue a refund less shipping charges. refunds typically take between 5 and 10 business days to process. please note that as much as we would like to, this delay is not something we are able to remove or expedite - this delay is in the banking and credit card system. q. what happens if i no longer have the packaging for the item? we strongly encourage you to keep your packaging for 30 days in case you decide you want to return it. you can still return your item, however we charge a reboxing fee to ensure that we are able to package the item appropriately to survive return shipping.this fee varies based on the size of the item and packaging required. q. can i cancel an order? yes, the order can be cancelled prior to shipping at no charge. we will issue a full refund.if you decide to cancel your order after your order has left our warehouse we will issue a refund less our shipping fee. q. what should i do if my shipment is damaged? take pictures and describe the damage in as much detail as possible. contact us right away and we’ll take care of the rest. q. what should i do if the products are defective? our products are designed to last, and we stand by their quality.all of our product comes with a one year warranty.if you do have problems with your product please take photos or video that demonstrate the issue and describe the issue in as much detail as possible. contact us right away work with you to determine the appropriate next steps. q. what kind of warranty is provided on your products? we will replace or repair any products with defects in material or workmanship. our manufacturer’s warranty applies one year from date of shipping. for the warranty to apply, the product must have been used for its intended purpose through normal use. products are not covered by warranty if used for commercial purposes or defect is from causes beyond normal wear and tear.contact us right away if you believe you have an issue that is covered by our warranty, and will work with you to determine the appropriate next steps. general q. do you have a showroom? part of the reason that we are able to offer such great prices on our products is that we don’t have any showrooms or sales people. you can find out more about our direct-to-you model here. we encourage you to check out the hundreds of customer reviews on our website to get a sense of the quality of our furniture. you can read even more customer reviews on our resellerratings profile. in addition, you might like to know that we back all of our products with a 30-day no questions asked return policy. if for any reason you don’t love your new furniture simply let us know within 30 days of receiving it. we will arrange for our shipping partner to pick it up and get it back to our warehouse. provided it is returned in the original packaging and condition we will happily provide a full refund on your purchase - less any shipping fees. you will be charged a standard shipping fee for the return ($49 for most of the us and canada), but unlike other furniture retailers there are no additional restocking fees. q. what do you mean by ‘retail’ price? you will see on each of our product pages a 'retail' price.the price represents the estimated regular retail value of a comparable item of similar quality available from other retailers.find out more about how we calculate this price, and why we are able to offer such great value. q. can i see reviews of your products and service? absolutely!we encourage you to check out the hundreds of customer reviews on our website and you can read even more customer reviews on our resellerratings profile. q. can i order swatches before i purchase? yes, we would be delighted to send you swatches. get in touch with us and let us know which fabrics or leathers you would like swatches of, and where we should send them. please note we have limited stock of swatches, so we may not always be able to send you every swatch you are interested in. unfortunately we are not able to offer samples of wood or rugs. q. i have a question that is not answered here, can you help? of course! feel free to get in touch with us by email, chat or phone and our team would be happy to help answer your questions. be the first to know about new products and promotions subscribe we're not clingy: you can unsubscribe at any time need help? shipping returns faqs explore about us reviews press careers contact contact us 1.888.746.3455 service@article.com account login/register privacy policy / terms of use / copyright © 2016 article.com. all rights reserved.