来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171226170835/https://www.article.com/tou
================================================================================

term of use - article.com - article | modern, mid-century and scandinavian furniture cart +1.888.746.3455 | chat | about | | | united states canada sofas all sofas sofas loveseats sectionals ottomans sofa beds chairs all chairs lounge chairs dining chairs stools benches office chairs tables all tables dining tables coffee tables side tables consoles & carts bar tables desks bedroom all bedroom beds nightstands dressers benches storage all storage shelves cabinets outdoor all outdoor accent tables dining chairs lounge chairs dining tables sofas sectionals poufs rugs lighting pillows rugs all rugs 5 x 8 rugs 8 x 10 rugs 9 x 12 rugs runners other sizes outdoor rugs decor all decor lighting poufs pillows throws baskets accents mirrors vases care products about call chat us us ca terms of use last updated : june 26th, 2014, version 1.1 welcome to article.com. your use of this website, article.com, is governed by the terms and conditions (“terms”) appearing herein below, as updated from time to time. the current version of these terms is indicated hereinabove. these terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and trademango solutions inc (hereinafter referred to as "article.com") the owner and operator of article.com. by using this website, you agree to these conditions. please read them carefully. we offer a wide range of products & services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. in addition, these terms and our privacy policy are subject to change without notice. an up-to-date version of the terms and the privacy policy shall be available on article.com. the current version of the terms and the privacy policy shall be as indicated at the head of those documents. by using this website you agree to be bound by these terms. privacy please review our privacy policy, which also governs your use of this website, to understand our practices. electronic communications when visiting article.com, or when you send us e-mails, you are communicating with us electronically. by using article.com you consent to receive communications from us electronically. we may communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. you consent that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. copyright all content included in or made available through article.com, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations is the property of article.com or our content suppliers. this material is protected by united states, canadian and international copyright laws. all of the content included in or made available through article.com is the exclusive property of article.com and protected by u.s, canadian and international copyright laws. trademarks "article.com", “article”, “article.com” and related icons and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks or service marks of article.com and are protected under applicable copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights laws. the unauthorized copying, modification, use or publication of these marks is strictly prohibited. other intellectual property article.com is the sole owner or lawful licensee of all the rights and interests of the website article.com. article.com has intellectual property rights protected under worldwide patent, copyright and other laws. you agree not to infringe any or all of the title, ownership and intellectual property rights of article.com. you hereby indemnify article.com to the extent of any breach of intellectual property rights by or through your use of article.com. all rights not otherwise claimed under the terms or by article.com are hereby reserved. proper use and access you shall not engage in any activity directly or indirectly which undermines the integrity of the computer systems, networks and/or other electronics of article.com and/or of other users of article.com. you shall not gain and/or attempt to gain unauthorized and/or unlawful access to article.com’s computer systems and networks and/or any and all data or information therein. you agree to use article.com for your personal use only and shall in no event use any or all of the information, text, images, graphics, video clips, sound, directories, files, databases, listings etc. obtained on or through article.com for commercial purposes of any sort, nor for copying, reproducing, downloading, compiling whether directly, indirectly. use of any content on article.com for purposes other than appearing in these terms is prohibited. your account you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password on article.com. you are also responsible for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. article.com does sell products for children. adults can purchase products through article.com with a credit card or other permitted payment method. if you are under 18, you may use article.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian. article.com reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion. reviews, comments, communications, and other content visitors may post reviews, comments, photos, and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." you may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. article.com reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. if you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant article.com a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. you grant article.com and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify article.com for all claims resulting from content you supply. article.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. article.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. indemnity you hereby agree to indemnify and save article.com, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from such your use of article.com or services (including but not limited to the display of your information on article.com) or from your breach of any of the terms. you hereby further agree to indemnify and save article.com, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, damages, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise, directly or indirectly, as a result of any claims asserted by third party rights claimants or other third parties relating to information about such third parties and/or any of their goods and/ or services. you also agree further that article.com is not responsible and shall have no liability to you, for any material posted by others, including defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damages from such material rests entirely with you. article.com reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you shall cooperate with article.com in asserting any available defenses. copyright complaints article.com respects the intellectual property of others. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us. risk of loss all items purchased from article.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. returns, refunds and title article.com does not take title to returned items until such time as the item arrives at our fulfillment center. at our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return, in this situation, article.com does not take title to the refunded item. for more information about our returns and refunds, please see our returns policy. product descriptions article.com endeavours to be as accurate as possible, however mistakes happen. article.com does not warrant that product descriptions or other content on article.com is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. if a product offered by article.com is not as described, your sole remedy is to return the product it in unused condition according to the returns policy. pricing except where noted otherwise, the retail price, list price or suggested price displayed for products on article.com represents the full retail price listed on the product itself, suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice; or the estimated retail value for a comparably featured item offered elsewhere. the retail price, list price or suggested price is a comparative price estimate and may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area on any particular day. for certain items that are offered as a set, the retail price, list price or suggested price may represent "open-stock" prices, which means the aggregate of the manufacturer's estimated or suggested retail price for each of the items included in the set. with respect to items sold by article.com, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. if the correct price of an item sold by article.com is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. deliveries delivery timeframes communicated by article.com are estimates and dependent on many factors beyond its control, including but not limited to production delays, shipping delays, goverment delays and forces of nature. in no event shall article.com be liable for deliveries going beyond the estimated timeframe. force majeure article.com shall in no event be held responsible for delay and/or non-provision of the services or products, or unavailability of the website for any reason whatsoever including but not limited to events beyond the reasonable such as internet failures, computer, telecommunications or any other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, flood, storms, explosions, acts of god, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals or non-performance of third parties. applicable law you agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of and your purchase of products and/or services through article.com. any infraction of the terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of british columbia and the laws of canada without regard to any conflict of law provisions of your domicile residence or physical location. at our discretion, we may report any infractions or violations relating to the agreement to the appropriate authorities. you and article.com each agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within british columbia, canada. get new product & promotions in your inbox subscribe we're not clingy: you can unsubscribe at any time help shipping returns faqs explore blog about us reviews press careers contact contact us 1.888.746.3455 service@article.com account login/register us | ca privacy policy - terms of use copyright © 2018 article.com. all rights reserved.