来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231233947/https://www.article.com/do-not-sell-my-personal-information
================================================================================

do not sell my personal information |help center|+1-888-746-3455|article for trade|design resourcesarticleusa ($ usd)canada ($ cad)my account0homedo not sell my personal informationdo not sell my personal informationlast updated as of: june 30th, 2023.  previous version.this privacy notice ("notice") supplements our privacy policy. our privacy policy describes the personal information that we collect, the sources from which we collect it, the purposes for which we use it, the limited circumstances under which we share personal information, and with whom we share it. when we say “personal information” in this notice and in our privacy policy, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with you, directly or indirectly. personal information does not include information that cannot be reasonably linked to you. the additional disclosures that we provide in this notice are required in a growing number of jurisdictions (“data privacy laws”), and we believe are simply good business practice.  depending on where you live and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:right to know: the right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose, and information about our data practices.right to request correction: the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.right to request deletion: the right to request that we delete your personal information that we have collected from or about you.right to opt out of targeted advertising: the right to opt out of the processing of your personal information obtained from your activities on non-affiliated websites or online applications for the purposes of targeted advertising.right to non-discrimination: the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights.trademango solutions, inc. (“article”, “we”, “us”, “our”) generally does not directly sell your personal information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money).  like many companies, however, we use services to host our website, and for other purposes, and we may transfer personal information to business partners to fulfill our business purposes. we also may share data for targeted advertising. making personal information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” under certain data privacy laws.1. categories of personal information collected the personal information that article has collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months falls into the following categories:identifiers, such as your name, alias, email address, postal address, phone numbers, and ip address;characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as age and gender;commercial information, such as purchase history;internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history and activity on our website;audio or visual information, such as customer service phone call recordings for quality assurance purposes and photos submitted to your article photos account; inferences, such as information about your product preferences; andother personal information described in section 1798.80(e) of the california civil code, such as a credit card number.2. purpose of collectionwe collect personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “how do you use my information” section of our privacy policy. 3. categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:category of personal informationcategories of recipientsidentifiersadvertising networks, marketing partners, data analytics providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, customer support partners, internet service providers, operating systems and platforms, fraud prevention partners, cloud service providers, and other users (if you choose to share certain information publicly on our website)characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal lawmarketing partners and other users (if you choose to share certain information publicly on our website)commercial informationadvertising networks, data analytics providers, marketing partners, payment processors, fulfillment partners, customer support partners, fraud prevention partners, and cloud service providersinternet or other electronic network activity informationadvertising networks, marketing partners, data analytics providers, fraud prevention partners, internet service providers, operating system and platforms, and cloud service providersaudio or visual informationcustomer support partners, cloud service providers, and other users (if you choose to share certain information publicly on our website)inferencesfraud prevention partners, data analytics partners, marketing partners, and cloud service providersother personal information described in state privacy lawspayment processors, fraud prevention partners, and customer support partners4. sale of personal information data privacy laws require that we provide transparency about personal information we “sell,” which for the purposes of data privacy laws broadly means scenarios in which we have shared personal information with partners in exchange for valuable consideration. while we do not provide personal information about you to other companies for money, we do share certain personal information in the course of advertising and marketing our products to you, and in the context of certain data privacy laws this may be considered a “sale.” in the preceding 12 months, we have shared the following categories of personal information to the following categories of third parties: category of personal informationcategory of third party identifierscategory of third party advertising partners and direct mail marketing partnerscommercial information advertising partners and direct mail marketing partnerscommercial information internet or other electronic network activity informationadvertising partnersto opt out of such behavior of your personal information, please visit our my data webpage and make an opt-out request.5. consumer rights requests subject to certain limitations, you may have the right under certain data privacy laws to: (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, sell, and disclose; (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any “sales” of your personal information that may be occurring, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. if you wish to make any of these requests, please visit my data or contact us at +1-888-746-3455.  once we receive your request, we will verify it based on certain identifiers you provide, such as your name, email address and phone number.  if we receive your request from an authorized agent registered with the california secretary of state or other state agency under applicable data privacy laws, we may ask you to verify your identity with us directly or confirm with us that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit the request on your behalf.6. no discrimination: article will not discriminate against consumers for exercising their rights under the data privacy laws.7. shine the light: california law permits residents of california to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. under the law, a business must either provide this information or permit california residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. article qualifies for this alternative option. to opt out of having information about you shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please email us at privacy@article.com. if you believe that your privacy rights have been violated, you may have the right to file a complaint with the relevant regulatory agency. please review the specific provisions of the applicable laws in your state or jurisdiction for more information about your rights to submit a request to exercise your rights, and as applicable, please contact us by email at: privacy@article.com.please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. in some cases, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as a government issued id. under certain data privacy laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. if you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued id, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information. in most cases, we will facilitate your request through automated tools available through your password-protected account.in addition to the above rights, and your ability to request that article not “sell” your personal information, there are a number of tools and methods that any user — regardless of location —may use to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected by third parties, which we have summarized below.  we hope you find this information to be a helpful reference.  please note that using these tools to opt out of tracking and targeting does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our services or on other websites, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs.  it will exclude you, however, from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks and platforms, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms. blocking cookies in your browser.  most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but also usually allow you to modify your settings to disable or reject cookies, including cookies for interest-based advertising.  if you delete your cookies or if you set your web browser to decline cookies, however, some features of the services may not work or may not work as designed.  you can usually find these settings in the options or preferences menu of your browser. blocking advertising id use in your mobile settings.  your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit use of the advertising id associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes. advertising industry opt out tools. many of the third-party advertisers that use tracking or targeting tools in connection with our services either directly, or are members of programs that, offer you additional choices regarding the collection and use of your information.  you can learn more about the options available to limit these participating third parties’ collection and use of your information by visiting their websites. platform opt out tools.  google and facebook offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for interest-based advertising.facebook: about facebook ads and facebook privacy policygoogle:  the services may deliver advertising using the vendor doubleclick, a google company. you can read about how doubleclick uses cookies, use google’s controls for blocking certain ads, or use google’s ad settings page to control how doubleclick personalizes your ad experience.  the services also may use google analytics to track your usage, including the stitching of authenticated and unauthenticated sessions (which allows for the combination of data from your use of the services while not signed in to your atlantic account with your use of the services while signed in to your atlantic account). if you wish to opt-out of google analytics’ tracking, use this browser add-on provided by google.mobile app tracking opt out tools.  you can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings.  for more information about how to change these settings for apple, android or windows devices, see:apple:  http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4228android:  http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/windows:  http://choice.microsoft.com/en-us/opt-outsocial media services settings. if you choose to connect to the services via a third-party platform or social media network, you may have the ability to limit the information that we may obtain from the third-party at the time you login to the services using the third-party’s authentication service or otherwise connect your account. subsequently, you may be able to control your settings through the third-party’s platform or service. for example, you may access and change your settings through the facebook settings page for apps and websites. if you withdraw our ability to access certain information from a third-party platform or social media network, that choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third-party.helphelp centershippingreturnscontact usexploredesign resourcesbloggift cardsfinancingabout usreviewspresscareersaccountlogin/registermy favoritesb2bbusinesstradeus | caterms of use - privacy policy - do not sell my personal information - cookies - accessibility - shop copyright © 2024 article.com. all rights reserved.