来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231155135/http://www.alibris.com/policies/terms
================================================================================

alibris: new, used, rare & out-of-print books -- help & customer service your account | wishlist | help | 0 items in your cart alibris for libraries sell at alibris books ebooks movies music textbooks rare & collectible community books ebooks movies music music - classical » advanced search enter your e-mail address save even more: every month, 10 subscribers win $100 each. your shopping cart order status wish list book fetch order history preferences log in our money-back guarantee getting started create an account shipping faqs glossary help terms of use (last updated august 19, 2010) welcome, and thank you for your interest in alibris, inc. ("alibris," "us," or "we"), and our web sites located at www.alibris.com, www.alibris.co.uk, and other locations on the internet (the "site"), and the other services offered by alibris including the online store, marketplace, community and any other features, content, or service we may offer from time to time (collectively, the "service"). please read these terms of use ("terms") carefully, as they constitute a binding agreement between you and alibris. by accessing, browsing, and/or otherwise using the site or the service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms. if you do not agree to these terms, then please do not use the service. 1.	your use of the alibris site in order to use the service, you must be the age of majority in your country and fully competent to understand and agree to these terms. you may not use any part of the service if you are under the age of 13, or if you have previously been removed from any part of the service. if you are using or opening an account on the service on behalf of a company, entity, or organization (collectively "subscribing organization"), then you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of that subscribing organization with the authority to bind such organization to these terms, and you hereby agree on behalf of such subscribing organization to be bound by these terms. in such a case, references to "you" in this agreement will apply to you, your subscribing organization, and any other individual user authorized to use the service on behalf of such subscribing organization. subject to your compliance with these terms, alibris grants you permission to access and use the service solely for your personal (or, in the case of a subscribing organization, for purely internal business purposes, excluding competitive research and analysis), at the level for which you have registered and have paid all applicable fees, as set forth in these terms and consistent with the intended features of the service, and to download, view, and print a single copy of alibris content (as defined below) from the service, solely for your personal use in connection with viewing the site and using the service. 2.	additional terms when using the service, you will be subject to any additional posted guidelines or rules applicable to specific services and features which may be posted from time to time (the "guidelines"). for example, in order to participate as a seller, you need to register and agree to the seller participation agreement. all such guidelines are hereby incorporated by reference into the terms. 3.	establishing an account with alibris in order to use certain features of the service, such as participating as a seller, participating in the community or ordering products through the service, you must register for an account on the service. your account is personal to you, and you may not transfer your account to another person, share it with anyone, or use it to impersonate anyone (except in the case of a subscribing organization). you agree that you will provide us with accurate, up to date account information (such as your real name, valid e-mail and delivery addresses, and accurate, non-fraudulent payment information) and will update your account information if it becomes outdated. we may terminate your account if we are unable to verify or authenticate the information you provide to us. you agree to protect your account by guarding your password, and to change it as soon as possible if you believe its security has been compromised. you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. if you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure (for example, in the event of a loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure or use of your account id or password), you shall immediately notify alibris. you may be liable for the losses incurred by alibris or others due to any unauthorized use of your account. we may communicate with you via email and any other similar technology for purposes relating to your account, any orders you place with us, or any other services we provide to you. 4.	privacy notice your privacy is important to us. for more information about how we collect, use, and disclose information about you, you may review our privacy policy, which is incorporated into these terms by reference. 5.	about the alibris site and the rights to content you and other users may post certain "content" (which includes without limitation, any and all postings, product reviews, product ratings, messages, opinions, texts, files, links, images, photos, video, sounds, works of authorship, feedback, or other materials) on the service and to be able to legally provide you and other users with the service, we need certain rights to use such content. in return, we also grant you certain use rights to the content that we (or other users) own. 6.	your license to us by posting any content on the service, you hereby grant to us an unrestricted, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully-paid and royalty-free, license (with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers) to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, create derivative works of, and distribute such content in any and all media (now known or later developed) throughout the world in connection with the provision of the service, and the marketing and promotion thereof. no compensation will be paid with respect to the content that you submit, upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the service. this license shall survive any termination of these terms. you grant alibris, its affiliates, and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with any content if they choose. you also agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your content. alibris makes no representations that it will publish or use your content in any way and may or may not use your content in its sole discretion. you understand that whether or not your content is published, alibris does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any content. you should only upload content to the service that you are comfortable sharing with others under these terms. except for the limited rights set forth in these terms, you retain all right, title, and interest in your content. 7.	your representations and warranties you are solely responsible for your own content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. you affirm, represent, and warrant that i) you own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize alibris to use your content in the manner contemplated by these terms, and to grant the rights and license set forth above, and ii) our use of such content, and our exercise of the license rights set forth above, do not and will not: (a) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (b) slander, defame, libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any other person; or (c) violate any applicable law or regulation. 8.	modification and removal of your content we have the right (but not the obligation) to review any content and delete (or modify) any content that in our sole judgment violates these terms, or may otherwise violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of any user or any other person, or create liability for us, any user, or third party. we reserve the right (but have no obligation) to investigate and take appropriate legal action in our sole discretion against you if you violate this provision or any other provision of these terms. alibris makes no representations that it will publish or make available on the service any content, and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse to allow any content on the service, or to remove any content at any time with or without notice. without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, alibris complies with the digital millennium copyright act, and will remove content upon receipt of a compliant takedown notice (see "digital millennium copyright act" below). 9.	alibris content the service is owned and operated by alibris. the visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, text, computer code, products, software (including any downloadable software), services, and all other elements of the service ("alibris content") are protected by united states copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. except for your content, all alibris content, including all intellectual property rights therein, belong to alibris or its affiliates and/or third party licensors. all trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to alibris or its affiliates and/or third parties. except as expressly authorized by alibris, you agree not to sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise make unauthorized use of the materials. you also agree not to decompile, reverse engineer, or copy any content (other than the content you provide) for which the source code is not provided to you.you may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright, patent or other notice from alibris content. alibris reserves all rights not expressly granted in these terms. you shall not acquire any right, title, or interest to alibris content, except for the limited rights set forth in these terms. one or more patents may apply to this web site, including without limitation: u.s. patent nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142. 10.	digital millennium copyright act alibris respects copyright law and expects our account holders to do the same. unauthorized copying or distribution of copyrighted works may infringe the copyright holders' rights. alibris may terminate the account of any user who alibris believes, in its sole discretion, has infringed upon the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others. for more information, please review our copyright notice available at: http://www.alibris.com/policies/copyright. if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that content on the service infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification to us pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act by filling out the notification form available at: http://www.alibris.com/policies/intellectual-property. your notification must include the following information (see 17 u.s.c. § 512(c)(3) for further detail): (i) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the service are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at the service; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; (v) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 11.	acceptable use and conduct you may not use any robot, spider, other automatic device or process to access or monitor the service. you may not copy, modify, distribute, or publish any portion of the site or the content without our prior written consent. you also agree that you will not frame any portion of the site without our prior written consent. your use of and access to the service is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations (including without limitation can-spam or other regulations regarding unsolicited email marketing), and you agree to comply with all such laws and regulations in your use of and access to the service. in addition, you agree that: (a) you will not interfere with another member's use and enjoyment of the services; (b) you will not interfere with or disrupt alibris' security measures; (c) you will not interfere with or disrupt networks connected to alibris, and will comply with all regulations, policies and procedures of such networks; and (d) you will comply with united states law regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the united states with respect to or relating to any of your dealings with alibris. in addition, you agree that you will not perform any action or post any content, that: (i) is offensive or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; (ii) bullies, harasses or advocates stalking, bullying, or harassment of another person; (iii) involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, or "spamming"; (iv) is false or misleading or promotes, endorses or furthers illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; (v) infringes another party's content without a license to do so, whether or not the intellectual property is registered (or filed for registration) in any country; (vi) promotes, copies, performs or distributes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's work, whether it is protected by copyright or trade secret law, or not, such as, without limitation, presenting the work of a third party as your own (plagiarism), providing stolen or illegally obtained content, providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protection devices, or providing pirated music, videos, or movies, or links to such pirated music, videos, or movies; (vii) is involved in the exploitation of persons under the age of eighteen (18) in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under the age of eighteen (18); (viii) provides instructional information about illegal activities such as, without limitation, making or buying illegal weapons or substances, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses and other harmful code; (ix) solicits passwords or personally identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users of the service; (x) except as expressly approved by us, involves commercial activities and/or promotions such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes; (xi) contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, corrupted files, or similar software; (xii) constitutes, promotes, or is used primarily for the purpose of dealing in: counterfeit goods, items subject to us embargo, illegal drugs and paraphernalia, stolen products and items used for theft, unlicensed trade or dealing in stocks or securities, gambling items, professional services regulated by state licensing regimes or non-transferable items; (xiii) interferes with or disrupts networks connected to alibris; (xiv) does not comply with united states law regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the united states with respect to or relating to any of your dealings with alibris; (xv) except as expressly permitted in these terms, download, reproduce, redistribute, retransmit, publish, resell, distribute, publicly display or otherwise exploit any portion of the site in any medium without alibris' prior written authorization; (xvi) alters or modifies any part of the site other than as may be reasonably necessary to use the site for its intended purposes; (xvii) removes, circumvents, disables, damages, or otherwise interferes with any security-related features of the site, features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any part of the site, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the site; (xviii) attempts to gain unauthorized access to the site, or any part of it, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the site, or any part of it, through hacking, password mining or any other means or interferes or attempts to interfere with the proper working of the site or any activities conducted through the site; (xix) obtains or attempts to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the site; or (xx) otherwise violates the these terms or creates liability for us. we may terminate your alibris account or suspend your access to all or part of the service, without notice, if you violate these terms (including without limitation any of the foregoing restrictions), or if you engage in any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or regulation or is otherwise harmful to the interests of alibris, any other alibris user, or any third party. if your account is terminated, we may, but are not required to, remove some or all of your content from our servers. we may also retain all or part of your content for backup, analytics, fraud and abuse prevention, and other purposes. 12.	third parties and other users content from other users, advertisers, and other third parties may be made available to you through the service. in some cases, we act as the sales agent for the publishers of certain ebook titles. you agree that we are not responsible for any such content, and we make no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of the information in such content, and we assume no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content made available by other users, advertisers, and other third parties. you agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with the use of any content from third parties, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, or legality of such content. your interactions with other users on the service, or with advertisers, including, without limitation, payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and the other user or the advertiser. you agree that we will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such dealings or with respect to any other user's use or disclosure of your personally identifiable information. transactions on the service are directly between you and the other party to the transaction, and except as expressly provided herein, alibris disclaims all liability for claims arising in connection with your transactions on the service. 13.	third party sites alibris or third parties may provide links on the site to other sites including the content therein ("reference sites"). alibris has no control over such reference sites or content, and therefore makes no claim or representation regarding, and expressly disclaims responsibility for, the accuracy, quality, legality, nature, availability, or reliability of reference sites or content linked to or by the site. alibris provides links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link on the site does not imply our affiliation, endorsement, or adoption of the linked site or any information therein. access and use of reference sites, including the information, material, products, and services on reference sites or available through reference sites, is solely at your own risk. our terms and policies do not govern your use of any site other than the site. you should review applicable terms and policies, including the privacy and data gathering practices, of any reference sites. in the event that you have a dispute with another user of the service, regardless of the nature of such dispute, you release alibris and its affiliates (including their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors, and agents) from claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. if you are a california resident, you waive california civil code §1542, which says: "a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." 14.	returns policy your satisfaction with your purchases through the service is very important to alibris, and we take pains to ensure that the condition of items listed on the site is as described in those listings. if you are not satisfied that your item is as described, please visit our returns policy at http://www.alibris.com/policies/returns for important instructions. to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you agree that a refund will be your sole and exclusive remedy from alibris for any item purchased through the service you receive that is not as described on the site, as provided in our returns policy, and you waive all other remedies or actions in such event. without limiting the foregoing, we reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action in connection with any suspected fraud or other misuse or abuse of our returns policy. further, nothing in the foregoing is intended to waive or limit any rights or remedies you may have directly with the manufacturer or seller of an item you purchase through the service. 15.	canceled and lost orders occasionally, an item will be listed for sale on our site that has already been sold. this may be caused by both system and/or human delays in updating our databases after the item was sold. if you order such an item, your order will be canceled and alibris has no obligation to provide you with such item. although rare, it is possible that an item shipped via either our standard or our expedited ship methods could get lost in transit. if an item is not received within thirty (30) days after the shipment date, please notify our customer service department. claims for lost orders must be submitted to customer service no later than ninety (90) days from the date your item was shipped. 16.	termination you agree that alibris, in its sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate any account (or any part thereof) you may have through the service, or your use of the service, and remove and discard all or any part of your account or any content, at any time. you agree that your access to the service or any account you may have or portion thereof may be terminated without prior notice, and you agree that alibris shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any such termination. these remedies are in addition to any other remedies alibris may have at law or in equity. you acknowledge, consent, and agree that alibris may access, preserve and disclose your account information and if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the terms; (c) provide certain customized features of the service to you, if any, or respond if you contact alibris for any reason; (d) respond to a claim that any content violates the right of third parties; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of alibris, the users, and the public. if you are dissatisfied with the service, please let us know at: http://www.alibris.com/contact/contact-cs. your input is valuable to us. your only remedy with respect to any dissatisfaction with (i) the service, (ii) any portion of the terms, (iii) any policy or practice of alibris in operating the service, or (iv) any content or information transmitted through the service, is to terminate these terms and your account. you may terminate these terms at any time by closing your account and discontinuing your use of any and all parts of the site and providing notice of termination by using the form at: http://www.alibris.com/contact/contact-cs. any section, which by its nature is intended to survive will survive any termination of this agreement, including without limitation: privacy notice, your license to us, alibris content, acceptable use and conduct, digital millennium copyright act, termination, no warranties, limitation of liability, certain limitations; basis of the bargain, indemnity, and general terms. 17.	no warranties you expressly acknowledge that as used in this section, the term alibris includes alibris' officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents, affiliates, third party content providers, merchants, sponsors, or licensors and subcontractors. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, alibris disclaims all warranties, statutory, express, or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement of proprietary rights. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from alibris or through the site, will create any warranty not expressly stated herein. notwithstanding the foregoing, the manufacturers and sellers may offer certain warranties on items you purchase through the service, and nothing in the foregoing is intended to limit or disclaim any such warranty rights you may have with third party sellers or manufacturers. by using the service, you expressly agree that use of the site and the service is at your sole risk. except for the returns policy described above, the site, the service, and any content or products made available in conjunction with or through the site are provided on an "as is" and "as available", "with all faults" basis and without warranties or representations of any kind, either express or implied. we are not responsible for claims brought by third parties arising from your use of service. alibris does not warrant that the service, content, or any other information offered on or through the site or any reference sites will be uninterrupted or free of errors, viruses, or other harmful components and does not warrant that any of the foregoing will be corrected. alibris does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of the service, or any reference sites as to whether information or materials avaialble thereon are correct, accuracy, reliable, up to date, or otherwise. it is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available through alibris. you understand and agree that your use, access, download, or otherwise obtain information, materials, or data through the site or any reference sites at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your property (including your computer system) or loss of data that results from the download. 18.	limitation of liability in no event shall alibris be liable to you or any other person or entity, under any theory, including without limitation negligence, for damages of any kind arising from or related to the use of the service, including but not limited to direct, indirect, actual, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages, lost income, revenue or profits, lost or damaged data, or other commercial or economic loss, that result from your use of, or inability to use, the service, even if alibris has been advised of the possibility of such damages or such damages are foreseeable. by using alibris, you agree that this limitation will apply to all merchandise, services, and content available through alibris. in the event that applicable law does not allow this limitation or exclusion of liability or damages, you agree that in no event shall alibris' total liability to you for all damages, losses and causes of action of any kind exceed the greater of the amount, if any, you have paid alibris for use of the service and for products you purchased as a result of the use in question within the previous six (6) months from the date of your claim, or $100 u.s. dollars. these limitations shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by reason of any products or services sold or provided on any reference sites or otherwise by third parties other than alibris and received by you through or advertised on the site or received by you through any reference sites. 19.	certain limitations; basis of the bargain certain jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages. if you reside in such a jurisdiction, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights. the limitations or exclusions of warranties, remedies, or liability contained in these terms apply to you to the fullest extent such limitations or exclusions are permitted under the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located. you acknowledge and agree that alibris has offered its products and services and entered into these terms in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein, that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between you and alibris, and that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein form an essential basis of the bargain between you and alibris. you acknowledge and agree that alibris would not be able to provide the site to you on an economically reasonable basis without these limitations. 20.	indemnity you agree to indemnify and hold harmless alibris, and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or any related organizations (including those which share substantially common ownership), and the officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of any of them from any and all claims, losses, obligations, damages, liabilities, costs, debt, and expenses (including attorney's fees) arising out of: (a) your use or misuse of the site or service; (b) your content, including alibris' use, display or other exercise of its license rights granted herein or otherwise with respect to your content; (c) your violation of these terms; (d) your violation of the rights of any other person or entity, including claims that any of your content infringes or violates any third party intellectual property rights; (e) your breach of any representations, warranties, and covenants made in these terms; and (f) any unauthorized use of your account. alibris reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. you agree not to settle any matter to which alibris is a party without the prior written consent of alibris. alibris will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. 21.	international customers the site is controlled and offered by alibris from its facilities in the united states. except as expressly provided on the site, alibris makes no representations that the site is appropriate or available for use in other locations. if you are accessing or using the site from other jurisdictions, you do so at their own risk and you are responsible for compliance with local law. 22.	modifications from time to time, alibris may change, modify, add, or remove portions of the terms, and reserves the right to do so in its sole discretion. if we modify the terms, we will make them available through the service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. we encourage users to review the terms periodically for changes. in the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. for example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the service for the first time after such material changes are made. all amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they made available through the service, except that (a) disputes between you and alibris will be governed by the version of the terms that was in effect on the date the dispute arose and (b) if you do not agree with any changes to the terms, you may terminate these terms by ceasing use of the service. your continued use of the service after revised terms have become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the terms. 23.	general terms the service is created, offered, controlled and operated by alibris in the state of california, usa. if you choose to access the service from another location, you are responsible for complying with local laws, if and to the extent that local laws apply. the formation, construction and interpretation of this agreement shall be controlled by the laws of the state of california, regarding agreements between california residents entered into and to be performed within california, giving no effect to choice of law provisions. the u.n. convention of contracts for the international sale of goods is expressly excluded from any interpretation of this agreement. any dispute relating to these terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in san francisco, california, u.s.a., and the parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and exclusive venue of these courts. we enjoy hearing from you and welcome your comments about our products and services. however, if you send us a business idea or suggestion (for example, about how to improve or expand our products and services), you agree that we will be completely free to implement, use, or modify, in any way, your idea or suggestion (or any part of it), without any payment or other obligation to you. you may not assign these terms without the written consent of alibris. alibris may freely assign these terms. alibris reserves the right to make changes to, or discontinue the service, or parts thereof, and our policies at any time at our sole discretion. you agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and alibris as a result of these terms or your use of the site. you further acknowledge that no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or other relationship is created between you and alibris through your submission of content other than pursuant to these terms. these terms, including any terms and conditions and other guidelines incorporated herein by reference, including but not limited to the privacy policy and seller participation agreement (if applicable) set forth the entire and final understanding and agreement of the parties, and supersede and cancel all oral or written agreements or understandings between the parties. the heading references herein are for convenience purposes only, do not constitute a part of these terms, and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. if any provision of these terms is held to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. a provision of these terms may be waived only by a written instrument executed by the party entitled to the benefit of such provision. failure by alibris at any time to require performance of any provision of these terms will in no manner affect our right to enforce the same at a later time, nor will failure by alibris to require performance of any provision of these terms by any other user affect our right to enforce the same against you. 24.	contacting alibris. alibris is located at 1250 45th street, suite 100, emeryville, california 94608, and can be reached by telephone at (510) 594-4500 or via email through our web form available at http://www.alibris.com/contact/contact-cs. if you are a california resident, you may have these terms emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and a request for this information. we ask that you bring service problems to our attention, but you may also choose to contact the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the department of consumer affairs, at 400 r street, sacramento, california 95814 or (800) 952-5210. quick help forgot password? shipping rates money-back guarantee returns policy 100% secure shopping help center contact us about us the alibris story social responsibility why shop here? glossary join affiliates alibris blog your account log in create an account order status book fetch wishlist sign up for coupons explore used books rare, out-of-print, & collectible books textbooks used dvds & movies used cds & music find a bookseller browse subjects browse authors eligible for free shipping new authors & newly released books lady luck's library books you thought you'd never findsell books, music, & movies onlinedevelop custom apps for alibris alibris for librariesalibris mobileinternational: alibris u.k. terms of use copyright © 1998 - 2010 alibris. all rights reserved. alibris and bookmate are trademarks of alibris alibris privacy policy