来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231113237/http://www.alibris.com/policies/privacy
================================================================================

help center home - help & customer service - alibris marketplace alibris uk alibris for libraries sell at alibris books subjects architecture art audiobooks bibles biography business & finance career & professional children's books comics computer cookbooks dictionary drama encyclopedia erotica family & relationship fantasy fiction graphic novels health & fitness history horror humor maps math memoirs mystery poetry religion romance science science fiction self help sports & recreation travel all subjects textbooks popular subjects accounting agriculture anthropology architecture art history astronomy biology business management calculus chemistry computer science criminal justice economics education engineering finance geography literature marketing mathematics nursing philosophy physics programming psychology religion sociology statistics theater web design search textbooks rent textbooks rare books find rare books first edition books antiquarian books signed books find a seller advanced search book collecting essentials about bookselling book collecting book specialties book condition book repair movies genres action adventure animals anime biography children's comedy crime documentary drama family fantasy health & fitness history horror music musical mystery romance sci-fi sport thriller tv shows war western music genres alternative blues children's music christian & gospel comedy country electronic folk hip-hop jazz latin metal pop r&b & soul rap reggae rock soundtrack classical chamber music choral music opera orchestral music symphony vocal music community the alibris blog love & romance best of sci-fi essentials yay! 4 ya seller tips community discussions reviews seller posts sale deals cheap books from 99¢ gifts & inspiration gift guide hi! sign in sign in create an account track order order history wishlist (0) books rentals movies music sellers enter your e-mail address save even more: every month, 10 subscribers win $100 each. account your shopping cart order status wish list book fetch order history preferences log in our money-back guarantee getting started create an account shipping faqs glossary help privacy policy (last updated: june 28, 2012) your privacy matters to us welcome to alibris, inc. (alibris). because we are committed to protecting your privacy in all aspects of our business, we hope you will take the time to read this policy, which explains what information we collect from you and how we use and disclose that information. this privacy policy ("policy") is incorporated into and is subject to the alibris terms of use ("terms"), and capitalized terms used but not defined in this privacy policy are defined in the terms. alibris operates web sites located at www.alibris.com, www.alibris.co.uk, and at other locations on the internet, as well as other services including the online store, marketplace, community and any other features, content, or services we may offer from time to time (collectively, the "service"). this policy does not apply to the practices of companies that alibris does not own or control, or to people that alibris does not employ or manage. the collection and use of your information by third parties (such as on third party web sites and services that are linked to, reference, advertised, or otherwise made available to you through the service, or other users of the service, such as users who you transact with to buy and sell items) are governed by those parties' own policies. before using such third party services or transacting with other users, you should familiarize yourself with their policies and practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. what information we collect from you alibris collects a variety of personal information from you when you register with alibris and when you use the service, including information that may be used to identify you, commonly referred to as "personally identifiable information." account and order information: when you register for an account, you must provide certain information, such as your first name and email address, and to choose a password (your "account information"). when you order items, we ask for additional information such as your full name, shipping address, and telephone number (your "order information"), as well as your credit card or other payment instrument information and billing address (your "billing information"). we also receive personally identifiable information from you when you update any of your information on the service. other information: the service includes a variety of other features that allow you to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information to alibris, such as by our community features, "chat with an agent" feature or other customer service systems, email submission forms, contests, drawings, surveys, and "book fetch" requests. additionally, when you contact the seller of an item through the service, alibris has access to that information (including the email address you supply for the seller to respond to). alibris may use all of this information throughout the service to provide the service to you and other users. information from third parties: we may also receive information about you if you order books on another web site through a third party partner of alibris. "automatically collected" information: like most web sites, when you visit the service, alibris automatically collects a variety of information about your computer and your use of the service in log files, such as your ip address, address or device id, operating system, and browser type, as well as information regarding pages you visit, web sites you visit before or after using the service, search queries you may have used to find the service, items on the service you view, and transactions you engage in through the service. if automatically collected information is used or intended to be used to identify you, or if we associate or combine this information with your other personally identifiable information, we will treat the associated or combined information as personally identifiable information under this policy. "cookies" information: the service also uses "cookies," which are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive so that the service may access that information on your return visits. we generally do not store or retrieve any personally identifiable information in cookies. if you've set your browser to reject cookies, you can still use our site, but will not be able to take full advantage of all the features of the service. for example, without cookies enabled, you cannot order items. how alibris uses your information alibris uses information you provide or that we collect for a variety of purposes. communication: we use your information to communicate with you regarding the service, such as for administrative purposes, customer service purposes, to address intellectual property infringement, or rights of privacy, and as otherwise may be necessary to provide, operate, maintain, and enhance, the service. for certain types of communications relating to the service and your account with alibris (such as notifications, service announcements, and administrative messages, and the like) you will not have the opportunity to opt-out. if you subscribe to the alibris newsletter, we may use your account information and order information to occasionally notify you about important changes to the service, new alibris features, or special alibris offers you may find useful. if you would prefer to opt out of receiving this information, visit your account page to change your preferences. buying and selling: we may also use your information to contact you in connection with your buying and selling of items by you through the service, and to comply with laws and regulations related to orders and sales of items by you through the service. information we receive from third party partners in connection with your orders made through such partners' web sites are used for the purpose of fulfilling those transactions. providing and improving the service; personalization: we may also use information we collect from you (including automatically collected information and cookies information) (i) to provide, customize, and personalize features of the service (such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use the service), (ii) to analyze and understand the usage trends and preferences of users of the service, and the effectiveness of our marketing and communication efforts, so that we can continually improve our offerings, (iii) to perform internal reporting, analysis, maintenance, enhancements, troubleshooting, and other related development work, and (iv) to provide customized third party advertisements, content, and information. how alibris shares and discloses your information alibris is not in the business of selling your information, and we take your privacy very seriously. in the course of providing the service to you and other users, we do make limited disclosures of your information to others for a variety of purposes. order fulfillment: to process and fulfill orders, we provide sellers with buyers' shipping address and email address, but we do not disclose buyers' billing information. we provide your email address and other information to the seller, or buyer, as the case may be, to facilitate customer-service inquiries and other transaction related communication. our seller participation agreement prohibits sellers from using your personal information for any purpose other than as necessary in connection with the fulfillment of your order. we encourage users to respect the privacy of others. sellers may wish to make their policies available to potential buyers so that they can better understand how sellers use, and disclosure of personal information obtained in connection with the service. technical service providers: we offer certain of our services on or through resellers and third party service providers. personal information that you provided to us may be sent to those resellers and third party service providers in order to deliver the product or service. we will only pass information to those resellers and third party service providers that is needed to provide the product or service that you have requested. we process all personal information under the terms of this privacy policy. the resellers and third party service providers may have different privacy policies and we encourage you to read their privacy policies. alibris works with third party service providers to provide website development, maintenance, and hosting, promotional email distribution, backup storage, as well as other services for us. in the course of performing services for alibris, these providers may have access to or process your personally identifiable information. generally, these disclosures are made under terms comparable to this policy, and the recipients are limited to using the information the purpose for which it was provided. your communications: the service enables users to publish information and communicate in a variety of ways. any personal information that you voluntarily choose to include in a message to another user, or in a publicly accessible area on the service (such as a public profile page, comment submission or other community posting, or a wishlist), may be made available through the service in a variety of publicly accessible areas and identify you as the source of the information. as a result, any personal information you submit in this manner will be available to other users who access that content. once you make your personal information available to others, alibris cannot control how it is collected, used, and disclosed by the recipients. wishlist: if you use our wishlist feature and opt to share your wishlist with other users, we may disclose your email address to those parties. if your family and friends decide to buy items for you from your wishlist, we will provide them with your name and shipping address to ensure that the order is going to the right person. you can always opt out of sharing your wishlist by changing your contact preferences on your wishlist page. payment processing: in the course of providing the service, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to third party providers in connection with the processing of credit card payments or other payment method transactions. aggregate information: alibris may also provide aggregate, non-personally identifiable information and statistics about our users, customers, demographics, sales, traffic patterns, and other information related to the service to third parties. except as specified above, alibris does not share your personal information with third parties unless you have consented to the disclosure or alibris believes the disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process, or to cooperate with law enforcement activities, (2) protect and defend our rights and property, (3) protect our customers or users from misuse or unauthorized use of the alibris site, or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our customers or the public. your choices you may, of course, decline to share certain personally identifiable information with alibris. you may also update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by logging in to your account. please note that while your changes may be reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics, including copies stored in our network environment as well as archival backups copies stored offsite by third party providers. if you would rather not receive certain promotional information via email, such as through the alibris newsletter, or you would like to change other privacy settings (such as whether your wishlist is public), visit your account to change your preferences. (whenever you decide to change your preferences, please make sure to change your preferences for each account or email address you have with us.) to delete your account from our system, contact customer service. to protect your privacy and security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making changes to your information and preferences. you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any applicable password and account access credentials at all times. how we protect your information this site has security measures in place to help reduce the risk of loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. when you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure sockets layer (ssl) protocol, which encrypts all information during transmission. all of the customer data we collect is similarly protected against unauthorized access. we also employ other physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of personally identifiable information in our control. nevertheless, in spite of our efforts to prevent third parties from intercepting or accessing your information (whether stored on our servers or during transmission), we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or communications will always remain private. our commitment to children's privacy online at alibris, we understand that children's privacy is particularly important. use of the service by children under 13 is prohibited by the terms, and if you are under age 13, you should not use the service or submit personal identifying information to alibris. if alibris learns that personally-identifiable information of children under than 13 has been collected on the service without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. if you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has posted or submitted personal information to the service, please alert us and request that alibris delete that child's personal information from our systems. parents wishing to limit their children's access to material they believe may be harmful, should look into commercially available hardware, software, and filtering devices. modifications to this policy as specified in the terms, alibris may from time to time revise this policy. if we do, we will post those changes on this page and indicate the new policy's effective date so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it. for changes to this policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will notify you before implementing the change. unless we receive your express consent, we will only use and disclose your information in a manner consistent with the version of the policy that was in effect at the time we collected that information. we encourage you to periodically review this policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the information we collect from you. international customers if you use the service from countries outside the united states, please note that your personally identifiable information may be transferred to the united states as our site is hosted on servers located in those countries. by using the service, you consent to having your personally identifiable information transmitted to and processed in the united states. in the event of merger or sale in the event that all or a portion of alibris or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, alibris reserves the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users in connection with such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. in such a case, your information will still be subject to the terms of the policy in place at the time of transfer. how to contact us alibris welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. please send email to feedback@alibris.com. you can also contact us at the address below: alibris 1250 45th street suite 100 emeryville, ca 94608 510-594-4500 recently viewed subscribe now for coupons, newsletters, and more! let's get social help shipping refunds & returns payment options secure shopping contact us about us the alibris story why shop at alibris? alibris cares alibris affiliate program careers account sign in / create order status track your order wishlist rental return explore rare & collectible books books with free shipping alibris for libraries the alibris community selling on alibris international alibris uk terms of use | privacy policy | recommendations by simularity | copyright © 1998 - 2015 alibris. all rights reserved. alibris and bookmate are trademarks of alibris