来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201229084027/https://www.alibris.com/about/story
================================================================================

the alibris story skip to main content weekend sale | save $13. get the code » alibris for libraries sell at alibris select book format menu books ebooks movies music classical all products sellers search by title, author, or isbn textbooks popular subjects > accounting agriculture anthropology architecture art history astronomy biology business management calculus chemistry computer science criminal justice economics education engineering finance geography literature marketing mathematics nursing philosophy physics programming psychology religion sociology statistics theater web design ebooks > discover ebooks new! ebooks faq popular ebook subjects business & economics education mathematics medical psychology science ebooks now at alibris save your back and your bank with ebooks! we have a wide variety of textbooks, tradebooks, and fiction titles, as well as courseware for college students. shop now textbook buyback > search for your books buyback status faqs sell back your used textbooks for cash get cash back by selling your textbooks through alibris. our program is as easy as 1-2-3 and offers super competitive prices. sell today back to school savings > search new textbooks promotions new! back to school guide international editions one-stop shop for all your back to school needs see how much other students are saving on textbooks today. shop now books books subjects > antiques & collectibles architecture art bibles biography business & finance career & professional children's books comics computer cookbooks dictionary drama encyclopedia erotica family & relationship fantasy fiction graphic novels health & fitness history horror humor maps mathematics memoirs mystery poetry religion romance science science fiction self help sports & recreation travel popular authors > atwood, margaret boynton, sandra brown, dan child, lee christie, agatha clancy, tom connelly, michael dickens, charles evanovich, janet fitzgerald, f scott flynn, gillian french, tana gladwell, malcolm grafton, sue green, john greene, robert grisham, john king, stephen koontz, dean lewis, c.s. martin, george r.r. meyer, joyce morrison, toni murakami, haruki palahniuk, chuck patterson, james picoult, jodi poe, edgar allan pratchett, terry rowling, jk scarry, richard sparks, nicholas tolkien, j r r vonnegut, kurt, jr. more popular authors rare books > find rare books first edition books antiquarian books signed books find a seller book collecting essentials about bookselling book collecting book specialities book condition book repair collect rare and out-of-print books as one of the premier rare book sites on the internet, alibris has thousands of rare books, first editions, and signed books available. browse now customer favorites > best-sellers new releases classics bargain books find the book to satisfy your book cravings with one of the largest book inventories in the world, find the book you are looking for. to help, we provided some of our favorites. shop now advanced search > with an active marketplace of over 270 million items, use the alibris advanced search page to find any item you are looking for. through the advanced search page, you can find items by searching specific terms such as title, author, subject, isbn, etc or you can narrow your focus using our amazing set of criteria parameters. advanced search can help find what you are searching for use the alibris advanced search page to narrow your search criteria and find your item! search now music music genres > alternative blues children's music christian & gospel comedy country electronic folk hip-hop jazz latin metal pop r&b & soul rap reggae rock soundtrack find a music collection unlike any other from new releases to oldies, discover your next favorite album and artist! browse now classical music > chamber music choral music opera orchestral music symphony vocal music discover new and used classical music like classical music? so does alibris. see one of the largest collections of classical music around. browse now popular artists > acdc alabama ariana grande billie eilish bruno mars bts cardi b chicago drake eagles ed sheeran elton john elvis presley eminem garth brooks george strait journey justin bieber kane brown katy perry kidz bop lady gaga lauren daigle madonna metallica michael jackson nf pink floyd post malone queen radiohead rihanna santana taylor swift more popular artists advanced search > with an active marketplace of over 270 million items, use the alibris advanced search page to find any item you are looking for. through the advanced search, you can find items by searching specific terms such as title, artist, song title, genre, etc or you can narrow your focus using our amazing set of criteria parameters. advanced search can help find what you are searching for use the alibris advanced search page to narrow your search criteria and find your item! search now movies movie genres > action adventure animals anime biography children's comedy crime documentary drama family fantasy health & fitness history horror music musical mystery romance sci-fi sport thriller tv shows war western popular actors >& directors alfred hitchcock amber heard anthony hopkins antonio banderas bradley cooper christian bale christopher nolan clint eastwood dakota fanning david lynch denzel washington dwayne johnson emma roberts emma watson guillermo del toro guy ritchie hailee steinfeld james cameron johnny depp leonardo dicaprio martin scorsese matt damon meryl streep morgan freeman nicole kidman quentin tarantino robert de niro robert downey jr. scarlett johansson spike lee stanley kubrick steven spielberg tim burton tom hanks view all critically acclaimed > academy awards best picture | nominated best actress | nominated best actor | nominated golden globes cannes film festival palme d'or grand prix new york film critics film festivals award winners add these distinguishing movies to your collection thousands of movies and tv shows to satisfy any movie buff. browse today advanced search > with an active marketplace of over 270 million items, use the alibris advanced search page to find any item you are looking for. through the advanced search, you can find items by searching specific terms such as title, director, actor, genre, etc or you can narrow your focus using our amazing set of criteria parameters. advanced search can help find what you are searching for use the alibris advanced search page to narrow your search criteria and find your item! search now bargains 99 cent books > best-selling biography business cooking family mystery romance science fiction travel all 99 cent books find best-selling books for as low as 99¢ millions of books available with some of the lowest prices you will find online. shop now free shipping > items eligible for free shipping frequently asked questions thousands of new & used items eligible for free shipping find the items displaying the free shipping icon. add $39+ into your cart and your items ship for free! save now daily coupons > promo coupon codes love to save on books, movies, and music? get exclusive access to all of our latest deals and coupons. changes daily. start saving discount books > best-selling biography business cooking family mystery romance science fiction travel all discount books save up to 80% on new releases and old classics bargain hunters rejoice! alibris has millions of books at amazingly low prices. shop now explore seasonal guide > featured fall gift guide recent releases back to school summer fun adventure gift guide business your source and inspiration for books, music, & movies come back each month to discover new genres and titles through the alibris seasonal guide. browse now community > community discussions reviews seller posts engage with the alibris community love shopping on alibris? share your stories and reviews with other customers! browse now alibris blog > the alibris blog our recommendations best of sci-fi essentials young adults the alibris blog can't get enough about books, music, and movies? check out these wonderful and insightful posts from our editors browse now author personalities > author personalities the science our partner discover author personalities search for your favorite author and through the power of ibm watson get insights! blog hi! sign in be the first to know & save $5.00 sign up for an exclusive coupon good on your next order. enter your email address to subscribe by signing up you enjoy subscriber-only access to the latest news, personalized book picks and special offers, delivered right to your inbox. we never share your information and you can unsubscribe at any time. sign in create an account track order order history wishlist (0) enter your e-mail address save even more: every month, 10 subscribers win $100 each. account your shopping cart order status wish list book fetch order history preferences log in our money-back guarantee getting started create an account shipping faqs glossary help the alibris story before the browser richard weatherford is a bookseller who loves old books and new technology. after teaching college for a number of years, dick turned to selling antiquarian books via specialized catalogs from his home near seattle. he soon realized that computer databases had a lot to offer the antiquarian book business. in 1982, he wrote a business plan for a company that would build an online database for antiquarian booksellers. he called the company interloc because it would serve as an interlocutor (that's english professor for "go-between") to help sellers to locate hard-to-find books. unfortunately startup capital was harder to find than a signed jd salinger, in part because personal computers were still scarce, expensive, and difficult to connect. in 1991, dick was hired by faxon, a book and magazine subscription service firm, to salvage bookquest, an early online database for antiquarian booksellers. bookquest failed, but it taught dick a lot and it revived the idea of interloc. because computer use was growing exponentially, the idea seemed timely and dick was able to raise nearly $50,000, mainly from booksellers who respected his thinking and vision. interloc went live in 1993, prior to the widespread use of the world-wide web. the first successful online bookseller service initially, interloc was a database for professional booksellers only. it was not open to the public. dick recruited tom sawyer, who in 1993 published record manager, the first desktop software for booksellers. the data standard that tom developed for record manager, called uiee, is still in widespread use today. interloc enabled sellers to transfer files of book listings over modems using dos-based computers. interloc built the first system to match requests, or "wants" from customers with books available for sale. it was a pioneering system, and the small company became the first successful online service for booksellers. a global vision from traveling the backroads in 1997, marty manley asked an author friend how to find a copy of her book, which was out-of-print. manley had what might politely be termed a nonstandard resume: among other things, he had been a machinist and a leader of several labor unions, a mckinsey & co. management consultant, a sought-after turnaround expert, and assistant secretary of labor for bill clinton. over dinner, the author suggested that marty use interloc to track down a copy of her book. marty found the book and was immediately hooked on interloc's rich content. he sought out richard weatherford and was soon introduced to him in an office at the top of san francisco's highest skyscraper. marty and dick discussed how interloc might become a company that could deliver the growing power of e-commerce to independent booksellers while delivering extraordinary selection to businesses and book lovers. they spent three weeks traveling and meeting with booksellers across the us to learn what was working and not working with the emerging world of online bookselling. by the end of these travels, they had decided to create a new company out of interloc. thus alibris was born. marty started the new company in california, where the first employees came to work in his house. a different approach to online bookselling from the beginning, alibris brought several new approaches to online bookselling: a partnership with independent, professional sellers. marty and dick decided early on that alibris would be an at-risk partner, not a listing service. this approach attracted a large number of independent sellers and now enables alibris to offer over 150 million books for sale. provide marketplace selection to retail business partners. alibris was determined to help other retailers deliver the vast selection of its seller network to their loyal customers, and thereby enable professional booksellers to reach business and library customers, not just consumers. interloc had learned this lesson early by serving as the first supplier of out-of-print books to nearby amazon.com.specialized logistics. many business customers required orders to be consolidated, repackaged, custom invoiced, or shipped overseas at low cost. by building sophisticated low-cost logistics capabilities from the start, alibris would serve those customers and booksellers could enjoy the benefit of increased sales. superior market intelligence. because alibris naturally collects a great deal of information about book buying and selling, the company came to be able to offer both customers and sellers essential market information. today, alibris knows which books sell and at what price. alibris helps sellers continually update prices and makes sure that business customers get data for hard-to-find and used books that are as good as new.a great place for talented people to work. from the start, alibris worked to attract and motivate talented people by encouraging initiative, respecting differences, and rewarding professionalism and results. alibris today today, alibris is a vibrant marketplace operating in the three fastest-growing areas of the worldwide media business: online sales, textbook rentals, and used/out-of-print books, music, and movies. alibris helps independent sellers find buyers through marketplace solutions and partnerships with scores of leading global media retailers, including chapters/indigo (canada), and waterstone's (uk). many, many people have made the alibris journey possible. alibris thrives thanks to the loyalty of millions of business and retail customers and an incredibly capable and dedicated business, technical, and support staff. alibris continues to benefit from experienced investors who stood by the company in good times and bad. alibris tomorrow but the most exciting part of the alibris story is still being written by our customers, sellers, staff, and investors. it is a story that will feature expansion of the services we provide our sellers, overseas growth, a vibrant movie, and music business, new forms of book purchasing and renting (for example, students renting textbooks), and new kinds of sellers who help alibris connect people who love books, music, and movies with independent sellers from around the world. about us corporate business services the alibris story policies employment contact alibris newsroom press releases media coverage alibris logos recently viewed subscribe now for coupons, newsletters, and more! enter your email for coupon sign up let's get social help shipping refunds & returns payment options secure shopping contact us about us the alibris story why shop at alibris? alibris cares the alibris community alibris affiliate program account sign in / create order status track your order wishlist explore books with free shipping alibris for libraries textbook buyback selling on alibris international alibris uk terms of use | privacy policy | recommendations by simularity | accessibility statement copyright © 1998 - 2020 alibris. all rights reserved. alibris, the alibris logo, and alibris.com are registered trademarks of alibris, inc.