来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20240927184339/https://www.alibris.com/community/latest/reviews
================================================================================

recent book, music, and movie reviews - alibris skip to main content 2-day sale | save $20. get the code » alibris for libraries sell at alibris select book format menu books ebooks movies music classical all products sellers search by title, author, or isbn hi! sign in be the first to know & save $5.00 sign up for an exclusive coupon good on your next order. enter your email address to subscribe by signing up you enjoy subscriber-only access to the latest news, personalized book picks and special offers, delivered right to your inbox. we never share your information and you can unsubscribe at any time. sign in create an account track order order history wishlist (0) textbooks popular subjects > accounting anthropology architecture art art history astronomy biology business management calculus chemistry computer science criminal justice economics education engineering finance geography geology health history language law literature marketing mathematics nursing philosophy physical science physics programming psychology religion sociology statistics theater ebooks > discover ebooks new! ebooks faq popular ebook subjects business & economics education mathematics medical psychology science ebooks now at alibris save your back and your bank with ebooks! we have a wide variety of textbooks, tradebooks, and fiction titles, as well as courseware for college students. shop now textbook buyback > search for your books buyback status faqs sell back your used textbooks for cash get cash back by selling your textbooks through alibris. our program is as easy as 1-2-3 and offers super competitive prices. sell today back to school savings > search new textbooks promotions new! back to school guide international editions one-stop shop for all your back to school needs see how much other students are saving on textbooks today. shop now books books subjects > antiques & collectibles architecture art bibles biography business & finance career & professional children's books comics computer cookbooks dictionary drama encyclopedia erotica family & relationship fantasy fiction graphic novels health & fitness history horror humor maps mathematics memoirs mystery poetry religion romance science science fiction self help sports & recreation travel popular authors > atwood, margaret austen, jane boynton, sandra child, lee christie, agatha clancy, tom evanovich, janet flynn, gillian follet, ken french, tana gaiman, neil gladwell, malcolm grisham, john hoover, colleen ishiguro, kazuo ito, junji king, stephen lockwood, ingersoll maas, sarahj. meyer, joyce morrison, toni murakami, haruki owens, candace patterson, james picoult, jodi poe, edgarallan pratchett, terry robbins, tony seuss, dr. sowell, thomas sparks, nicholas tolkien, jrr vonnegut, kurt, jr. watts, alan more popular authors rare books > find rare books first edition books antiquarian books signed books find a seller book collecting essentials what rare books worth buying restoration & repair of classic books collectible out of print books on the middle east how to determine book conditions of rare & vintage books faqs about collecting rare and vintage books collect rare and out-of-print books as one of the premier rare book sites on the internet, alibris has thousands of rare books, first editions, and signed books available. browse now customer favorites > best-sellers new releases classics bargain books find the book to satisfy your book cravings with one of the largest book inventories in the world, find the book you are looking for. to help, we provided some of our favorites. shop now advanced search > with an active marketplace of over 270 million items, use the alibris advanced search page to find any item you are looking for. through the advanced search page, you can find items by searching specific terms such as title, author, subject, isbn, etc or you can narrow your focus using our amazing set of criteria parameters. advanced search can help find what you are searching for use the alibris advanced search page to narrow your search criteria and find your item! search now kids & young adult kids books > kids books by age 0 - 2 years 3 - 5 years 6 - 8 years 9 - 12 years browse best sellers new releases book sets chapter books subjects classics non-fiction mystery dinosaurs poetry nursery rhymes history fantasy dogs popular kids authors dav pilkey dr seuss roald dahl beatrix potter popular books dog man diary of a wimpy kid harry potter young adult books > browse bestsellers new releases classics series twilight hunger games throne of glass miss peregrine's peculiar children popular ya & teen authors leigh bardugo jk rowling stephenie meyer sarah j maas ransom riggs suzanne collins subjects romance mystery graphic novels fantasy fiction poetry books for teen girls books for teen boys lgbtq music music genres > alternative blues children's music christian & gospel comedy country electronic folk hip-hop jazz latin metal pop r&b & soul rap reggae rock soundtrack find a music collection unlike any other from new releases to oldies, discover your next favorite album and artist! browse now classical music > chamber music choral music opera orchestral music symphony vocal music discover new and used classical music like classical music? so does alibris. see one of the largest collections of classical music around. browse now popular artists > acdc alabama ariana grande billie eilish bruno mars bts cardi b chicago drake eagles ed sheeran elton john elvis presley eminem garth brooks george strait journey justin bieber kane brown katy perry kidz bop lady gaga lauren daigle madonna metallica michael jackson nf pink floyd post malone queen radiohead rihanna santana taylor swift more popular artists advanced search > with an active marketplace of over 270 million items, use the alibris advanced search page to find any item you are looking for. through the advanced search, you can find items by searching specific terms such as title, artist, song title, genre, etc or you can narrow your focus using our amazing set of criteria parameters. advanced search can help find what you are searching for use the alibris advanced search page to narrow your search criteria and find your item! search now movies movie genres > action adventure animals anime biography children's comedy crime documentary drama family fantasy health & fitness history horror music musical mystery romance sci-fi sport thriller tv shows war western popular actors >& directors alfred hitchcock amber heard anthony hopkins antonio banderas bradley cooper christian bale christopher nolan clint eastwood dakota fanning david lynch denzel washington dwayne johnson emma roberts emma watson guillermo del toro guy ritchie hailee steinfeld james cameron johnny depp leonardo dicaprio martin scorsese matt damon meryl streep morgan freeman nicole kidman quentin tarantino robert de niro robert downey jr. scarlett johansson spike lee stanley kubrick steven spielberg tim burton tom hanks view all critically acclaimed > academy awards best picture | nominated best actress | nominated best actor | nominated golden globes cannes film festival palme d'or grand prix new york film critics film festivals award winners add these distinguishing movies to your collection thousands of movies and tv shows to satisfy any movie buff. browse today advanced search > with an active marketplace of over 270 million items, use the alibris advanced search page to find any item you are looking for. through the advanced search, you can find items by searching specific terms such as title, director, actor, genre, etc or you can narrow your focus using our amazing set of criteria parameters. advanced search can help find what you are searching for use the alibris advanced search page to narrow your search criteria and find your item! search now bargains 99 cent books > best-selling biography business cooking family mystery romance science fiction travel all 99 cent books find best-selling books for as low as 99¢ millions of books available with some of the lowest prices you will find online. shop now free shipping > items eligible for free shipping frequently asked questions thousands of new & used items eligible for free shipping find the items displaying the free shipping icon. add $39+ into your cart and your items ship for free! save now daily coupons > promo coupon codes love to save on books, movies, and music? get exclusive access to all of our latest deals and coupons. changes daily. start saving discount books > best-selling biography business cooking family mystery romance science fiction travel all discount books save up to 80% on new releases and old classics bargain hunters rejoice! alibris has millions of books at amazingly low prices. shop now explore seasonal guide > featured back to school recent releases summer gift guide fall gift guide holiday gift guide spring gift guide home improvement your source and inspiration for books, music, & movies come back each month to discover new genres and titles through the alibris seasonal guide. browse now community > community discussions reviews seller posts engage with the alibris community love shopping on alibris? share your stories and reviews with other customers! browse now alibris blog > the alibris blog our recommendations best of sci-fi essentials young adults the alibris blog can't get enough about books, music, and movies? check out these wonderful and insightful posts from our editors browse now author personalities > author personalities the science our partner discover author personalities search for your favorite author and through the power of ibm watson get insights! blog community home / recent reviews recent book, music, and movie reviews <prev | page 1 | next> infrequent frequencies, rare resonance: untravelled paths through natural, practical and alternative understandings of your life, purpose and meaning by g e poole literary titan by literarytitan 8 hours ago g. e. pooleã¢â?¬â?¢s infrequent frequencies, rare resonance delves into an expansive array of thought-provoking subjects, pushing readers to challenge conventional beliefs and explore new dimensions ... more write your own review moses and akhenaten: a child's tale by sharon janet hague literary titan by l.t. 12 hours ago moses and akhenaten by sharon janet hague takes on the ambitious theory that the biblical moses and the egyptian pharaoh akhenaten were the same person. the book weaves historical analysis and ... more write your own review orthodox baha'i faith - an introduction for inquirers by national baha united states not real baha'i book, covenant breakers. by cindy v 15 hours ago the real baha'i faith is not represented here. for info about the actual faith of baha'u'llah, see www.bahai.org or look for books published by the baha'i publishing trust at https://www ... more write your own review taltrix book one surviving the gauntlet by cecilia copeland literary titan by l.t. 18 hours ago in the year 5514, redder torch, or rt, is bound for taltrix, an elite space academy, to reunite with her brother avi and escape the shadow of her father, the infamous criminal grave torch. known for ... more write your own review your move: the girl in the park by warwick wood secrets from a hidden past by sheri (reader views) 1 day ago as intricate as its chess game imagery, ã¢â?¬å"your move: the girl in the parkã¢â?¬â? moves back and forth in time and place, and clarifies that things are not always what they seem. the book shifts ... more write your own review night terrors by maya forrester a secret war wages against ancient evil by sheri (reader views) 1 day ago seventeen-year-old snow rothfuss hasnã¢â?¬â?¢t had an easy life. sheã¢â?¬â?¢s been living with a father she doesnã¢â?¬â?¢t get along with and hasnã¢â?¬â?¢t seen her mother in over ten years. but now ... more write your own review the tunnel: a memoir by tripp friedler mental illness: a thief into the night by sheri (reader views) 1 day ago ruth beck once said, ã¢â?¬å"having a child is like having your heart walk around outside of your body.ã¢â?¬â? nothing could be truer. every child is love personified, and with every birth comes hope ... more write your own review if cats could talk by lisa rita a pun-packed picture book by sheri (reader views) 1 day ago if cats could talkã?æ'ã?â¢ã?â¢ã¢â?¬å¡ã?â¬ã?â??ã?â? by lisa rita follows the story of whiskers, his person amber, his friends felicks and frisky, and his not-so-friends the neighbor dog and the black ... more write your own review house rules: how to decorate for every home, style, and budget by myquillyn smith best yet by stewart g 1 day ago this is my favorite book yet that she has written, the most practical and helpful decorating book ever. more write your own review american nightmare: facing the challenge of fascism by henry a giroux, george yancy (foreword by) propaganda by brady p 1 day ago this book is merely a very biased opinion the other has on the current state of america. it's unfortunate that he is so far off. this book is sopping full of what you would expect from a marxist ... more write your own review i will dance across the morning sky by marcia mcgee ashford, sudipita dasgupta (illustrator) literary titan by l.t. 1 day ago i will dance across the morning sky is a moving collection of poems that invites readers into a world of introspection, longing, and raw emotion. the bookã¢â?¬â?¢s essence lies in its exploration of ... more write your own review torment: a harper jones novel by jeffrey butler literary titan by l.t. 1 day ago in the quiet town of wolf hollow, alison newton's grave is desecrated in the dead of night. detective harper jones, still haunted by the unsolved murder of his former partner, anders, is called upon ... more write your own review waiting eyes on the road by sam smith literary titan by l.t. 1 day ago waiting eyes on the road is an emotionally charged exploration of a womanã¢â?¬â?¢s journey through success, love, and self-realization. the writing feels intimate and raw, which adds depth to selinaã ... more write your own review before we were us by denise hunter a forgettable tale! by kristina 1 day ago i found before we were us by denise hunter to be a predictable story. it begins the day of laurenã¢â?¬â?¢s accident. it does not give readers a chance to get to know the characters or their history ... more write your own review k-9 ranch protection by darlene l turner an action packed tale! by kristina 2 days ago k-9 ranch protection by darlene l. turner is an engaging and suspenseful tale. i thought the characters were developed and relatable. i enjoyed getting to know izzy, austin, and neve. neve is an ... more write your own review waiting for christmas by lynn austin a touching tale! by kristina 2 days ago waiting for christmas by lynn austin is a sweet holiday story. i discovered when i began reading waiting for christmas, that it continues the story of adelaide and howard from all my secrets. i was ... more write your own review baby darlin': an illustrated memoir by alycia vreeland literary titan by l.t. 2 days ago baby darlinã¢â?¬â?¢ is a deeply moving and haunting illustrated memoir that explores the life of alycia vreeland, shaped by addiction, abuse, and generational trauma. from an early age, vreeland is ... more write your own review pinch hitting by morris hoffman the beauty of fate, and the glory of baseball by sheri (reader views) 2 days ago harold fungo enjoys the waltz of sweeping the large stadium concourse day after day. but one day, as the rest of the field and grounds crew are playing with the new automatic pitching machine, he ... more write your own review the question: our soul never dies; its journey just begins. by greg siofer pulse pounding adventure by sheri (reader views) 2 days ago ã¢â?¬å"the question: our soul never dies, its journey just beginsã¢â?¬â? is a captivating addition to the nairbã¢â?¬â?¢s stories series by greg siofer. it immediately picks up where the first book ã ... more write your own review nurse florence(r), tell me about the hypothalamus. by michael dow, sela goldfarb literary titan by l.t. 2 days ago after a hectic morning at school, best friends condi, sonia, and jean eagerly head to the cafeteria. as they walk, their conversation shifts to what they learned about leadership and the qualities a ... more write your own review the pulse of my heart by e c roderick literary titan by l.t. 2 days ago the pulse of my heart by e.c. roderick is a captivating sequel in the taken series, blending historical fantasy, romance, and time travel. the story follows sylvie, who has returned to modern-day los ... more write your own review faith can change your world by lester frank sumrall, rod parsley (foreword by) accurate by estel 2 days ago great book, inspiring for those who are struggling in your walk with the lord. a look at dr. sumralls life. great examples. the book is funny, through examples. im buying it for a friend, because, im ... more write your own review the christmas tree farm: a christmas novella by melody carlson a cute christmas story! by kristina 3 days ago the christmas tree farm by melody carlson is a feel-good christmas story. the story was easy to read and can be read in one sitting. i liked the characters except for madisonã¢â?¬â?¢s sister, addie ... more write your own review murder in the scottish highlands: a completely addictive cozy murder mystery by dee macdonald not my cup of tea! by kristina 3 days ago murder in the scottish highlands by dee macdonald barely gets started when ally mckinley, who has just opened the auld malthouse bed and breakfast, finds one of her guests dead. i like the fact that ... more write your own review warfare in the old testament: the organization, weapons, and tactics of ancient near eastern armies by dr. boyd seevers an in-depth look by spencer 3 days ago read my fuller review at spoiledmilks (sept 16, 2024). if you are into historical backgrounds and how war fought and understood in the ancient near east, you would probably enjoy this book. some ... more write your own review <prev | page 1 | next> featured review the woman i was born to be by susan boyle a must read unforgettable story by canadianbill on october 22, 2010 write your own review featured reviewer sandeep 14 reviews average rating subscribe now for coupons, newsletters, and more! enter your email for coupon sign up let's get social help shipping refunds & returns payment options secure shopping contact us about us the alibris story why shop at alibris? the alibris community alibris affiliate program alibris customer reviews account sign in / create order status track your order wishlist book fetch explore books with free shipping alibris for libraries textbook buyback selling on alibris alibris blog international alibris uk terms of use | privacy policy | recommendations by simularity | accessibility statement copyright © 1998 - 2024 alibris. all rights reserved. alibris, the alibris logo, and alibris.com are registered trademarks of alibris, inc.