来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230123027/http://www.costumecraze.com/
================================================================================

costume craze - child and adult costumes want your stuff by friday, december 31? order within 10 hours and 29 minutes, and select next day air as your ship method!* home | search | who are we? | blog | contact us | sign up / log in | checkout / view cart 0 items ( $0.00 ) in cart | calculate shipping costume categories animal costumes baby costumes cartoon character costumes child playtime outfits costume accessories couples costumes dog costumes famous people costumes funny costumes history costumes holiday costumes movie costumes plus size costumes superhero costumes teen costumes theater costumes traditional costumes tv show costumes what's on sale? super blowout sale check shipping ratesand transit times: united statesunited kingdom of great britain and northern irelandcanadaaustraliafrancegermanyitalymexicopuerto ricoafghanistanåland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia-herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicanadacambodiacamerooncape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongo (brazzaville),republic of thecongo, democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d ivoire (ivory coast)croatiacubacyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorenglandequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgia, republic ofgermanyghanagibraltargreat britain and northern irelandgreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandshondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan, islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic of (south korea)kuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedonia, republic ofmadagascarmalawimaldivesmalimaltamarshall islands, republic ofmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia, federated states ofmoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigerniuenorfolk islandnorthern irelandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territory, occupiedpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasaint helenast. christopher and nevissaint luciasaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiascotlandsenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovak republicsloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandsspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdom of great britain and northern irelandunited statesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican cityvenezuelavietnamvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.waleswallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe check shipping a blog sponsoredby costume craze. costume craze is safe, secure, and fun! or email this page view sizing chart costume craze - child and adult costumes ready for the new year? are you ready for your new year's party? there's still time to order your costumes! save big during our storewide sale where everything is 50-90% off! plus, you can save even more with coupons and free shipping promotions. celebrate the dawn of 2011 in style... every party is more fun with costumes! happy new year!merry christmas! merry christmas! ... from all of us at costume craze!50-90% sale & christmas coupons! in addition to the big savings of our storewide special, now you can save even more with special christmas coupons! spend $20 and get an additional 5% off!use coupon code merry5 spend $40 and get an additional 10% off!use coupon code merry10 spend $75 and get an additional 20% off!use coupon code merry20 and remember... economy shipping in the continental u.s. is only $2.99! plus, orders over $50.00 ship for free! hurry -- these deals will not last long! merry christmas!storewide sale 50-90% off!just in time for christmas, everything in our store is 50-90% off! and yes, we mean everything. save big on all costumes, accessories and holiday decorations! *please note: item(s) must be in stock, no pre-orders accepted. we also offer flat-rate economy shipping in the continental u.s. for only $2.99! plus, orders over $50.00 ship for free! but you better hurry -- with prices this low, our storewide sale will not last long! merry christmas!how to cook magic reindeer food cook up some old fashioned fun in the kitchen this holiday season. magic reindeer food is easy to make, and the kids will love spreading it outside on christmas eve in hopes that santa’s reindeer will find it the next morning. mix together 1/2 cup of dry oatmeal and 1/3 cup of crystal sugar for each child. the crystal sugar shining in the moonlight, along with the smell of the oats, will lead santa’s reindeer right to your rooftop!christmas costumes on sale! 'tis the season to be merry, and soon our friend santa will be coming to town. we have a large selection of santa suits and christmas costumes -- approved by santa himself! you'll love our elf costumes, snowman costumes, religious costumes and more, for a fun and festive christmas celebration! save big during our storewide sale, while everything is 50-90% off! but hurry... this sale will not last long!happy hanukkah! happy hanukkah! today is the first day of this important jewish holiday. still looking for last minute presents? costumes make great gifts! we have a large selection of hanukkah costumes, along with thousands of great costumes perfect for dressing up and having fun. now is a great time to shop for gifts, while everything in our store is 50-90% off! your kids will thank you, and your wallet will thank you, too! happy hanukkah! storewide sale! 50-90% off! just in time for black friday, we've just launched a storewide sale! everything is 50-90% off! and yes, we mean everything. save big on all costumes, accessories and holiday decorations! *please note: item(s) must be in stock, no pre-orders accepted. we also offer flat-rate economy shipping in the continental u.s. for only $2.99! plus, orders over $50.00 ship for free! but you better hurry -- with savings this fantastic, our storewide sale will not last long! happy thanksgiving! ready for thanksgiving? thanksgiving is almost here! we are looking forward to spending time with our families and eating some great turkey! are you ready for your thanksgiving party? it's not too late to order your thanksgiving costumes and party hats! just choose one of our expedited shipping options, and you'll get your costumes on time. orders placed before 4 pm (mst) ship that same day! happy thanksgiving to all!shop with your friends! have you noticed the purple toolbar at the bottom of our website? we've implemented exciting new technology so you can shoptogether® with your friends and family! click here to watch the video tutorial. the shoptogether® toolbar allows you to invite your friends to shop with you. this is perfect for getting costume advice, or picking out couples costumes and group costumes. a handy chat window lets you discuss our costumes, and you can see which costumes your friends are viewing. give it a try -- you'll be amazed at how easy and fun it is to use. to learn more, watch our video tutorial, presented by none other than batman!sometimes it's all about lightsabers if you like lightsabers, then this video is for you! a dedicated star wars fan made a compilation of every lightsaber ignition from all the movies! that's a lot of lightsabers! here at costume craze, we understand the passion for this elegant jedi weapon. that's why we have a large selection of lightsabers in stock and ready to ship! whether you need a simple costume prop, or a high class collector's item -- we have the right lightsaber for you. order your star wars lightsaber today!superheroes shop at costume craze! have you seen our awesome superhero fan film? everyone in the video is wearing our superhero costumes. we teamed up with a local production company to create an exciting adventure for the justice league! superheroes are more popular than ever these days. if you need a superhero costume, we've got you covered. all the superheroes shop at costume craze!turkey humor q. how many cooks does it take to stuff a turkey? a. only one, but you really have to stuff hard to fit him in. q. why do pilgrims have such a hard time keeping their pants up? a. because they wear their belts on their hats! q. which side of the turkey has more feathers? a. the outside! thanksgiving fun a great way to liven up your thanksgiving party is to dress up in fun turkey costumes! here's a video of a family celebrating thanksgiving with our deluxe turkey costume! the fellow does a great job imitating a turkey, don't you think? if you watch closely, you can see another turkey costume in the background, and someone else is wearing a turkey hat. they seem to be having lots of fun! be sure to check out our selection of turkey hats and costumes -- for kids and adults. costumes make every holiday more fun! from goblins to gratitudeas november gets underway, we turn our minds from goblins to gratitude. we’re grateful that you celebrated halloween with costume craze. we’re grateful we can serve you year round by providing costumes for every occasion! we're grateful we can spend time with our families and watch a little football! gee...all this gratitude must mean thanksgiving is getting close! from native americans to pilgrims and turkeys, we’ve got lots of thanksgiving costumes and accessories to make your holiday more festive. now that’s something to be grateful for! don't forget to vote! we're thankful that we live in america where our voices can be heard. this political season, we've definitely seen a surge in our colonial and patriotic costumes. we love to see the strong passion and involvement in all americans. so this year, get out and vote, and let your voice be heard! not sure where to vote? click here to find a polling location near you.happy halloween! happy halloween! thank you for shopping with us! what's the best thing about halloween, besides dressing up in costumes? that's right - trick or treating and getting lots of candy! we want you to have a fun and safe halloween, so here are some helpful safety tips for trick or treating. 1. when purchasing a costume, consider costumes that allow freedom of movement and vision as children will be climbing stairs, crossing roads and traversing unfamiliar yards. 2. carry a flashlight and stay on sidewalks, when possible. 3. always follow traffic rules and walk in small groups. 4. stay with an adult, or take a cell phone with you for emergency calls and location updates. 5. go only to well-lit houses and remain on porches rather than entering homes. 6. keep an eye out for open flames from candles and jack-o-lanterns. 7. before eating your candy, always inspect the wrappers and packaging. these safety tips apply to all you “big kids” out there too! here’s to a very safe and fun halloween!halloween is coming soon! halloween is coming soon, but there's still time to order your costumes! we are dedicated to delivering your order on time. for you last-minute shoppers, costume craze offers super shipping options! if you're in a hurry, choose 3-day, 2-day, or next day shipping to ensure your package arrives on time. orders placed before 4 pm (mt) usually ship that same day. now that's super fast! happy halloween! we have jersey shore costumes! costume craze has officially licensed jersey shore costumes, from the popular mtv reality tv series! these costumes are in stock and ready to ship -- the perfect costume for halloween! dress up as the infamous snooki, pauly d or the situation. jersey shore wigs and accessories are also available. bring the jersey shore to your halloween party and let the fun begin!pumpkin carving kits did you know that costume craze carries pumpkin carving kits? now you can have the coolest jack-o-lantern in your neighborhood! choose from themes like star wars, superheroes, disney or sesame street. each kit includes the carving tools, scoop and patterns. while you're here picking out your costume, be sure to get one for your pumpkin, too! adult emergency room female doctor costume $13.56 50% savings! black disco or hippie pants $10.85 50% savings! adult funny nun costume $11.91 50% savings! the muppets kermit the frog costume $12.99 50% savings! kids ben franklin costume $10.82 50% savings! girls colonial costume $21.69 50% savings! josephine costume $18.98 50% savings! girls drum majorette costume $13.54 50% savings! adult fleece thing 2 costume $27.12 50% savings! adult fleece thing 1 costume $27.12 50% savings! adult snow white costume $20.07 50% savings! athenian goddess costume $15.73 50% savings! kids colonial boy or benjamin franklin costume $17.34 50% savings! sexy candy cane costume $21.70 50% savings! baby bunting harley davidson costume $10.28 50% savings! boys metro man costume $15.73 50% savings! rose flower fan $3.25 50% savings! oriental or geisha wig $8.13 50% savings! red and black velvet striped satin top hat $5.42 50% savings! movie character halloween costumes grab a movie costume from the latest, the greatest and the most classic movies! costume craze has tons of officially licensed movie costumes to choose from for adults and children. get ready for your next costume party! the movie costume you are looking for is here!alice in wonderland costumesjonah hex costumesclash of the titans costumesharry potter costumesprince of persia costumesthe smurfs costumesshrek costumesiron man costumes see more movie character halloween costumes... tv show character halloween costumes costume craze has tv show costumes from television show favorites. be a character from shows like star trek, i love lucy, or i dream of jeannie. get your tv show costume today.jersey shore costumesthe smurfs costumessesame street costumesstar wars - the clone wars costumesthe brady bunch costumesthe love boat costumeshannah montana costumesbeetlejuice costumes see more tv show character halloween costumes... cartoon character costumes cartoon character costume - nothing makes us feel more youthful than our favorite cartoon characters. costume craze has cartoon character costumes, for any event, to help bring out the child in you!ben 10 costumesfamily guy costumesphineas and ferb costumespopeye and olive oyl costumesthe smurfs costumesgi joedr. seuss costumesx-men costumes see more cartoon character costumes... sexy adult costumes sexy adult costumes - do you need to put some romance in the air? costume craze has a sexy adult costume to help you! our selection of desirable sexy costumes are definitely not just for halloween!playboy costumessexy school girl costumessexy christmas costumesclubwearnaughty nurse costumescity heatsailor costumesfrench maid costumes see more sexy adult costumes... superhero costumes super hero! we have child superhero costumes and adult superhero costumes! officially licensed batman costumes, spider-man costumes, superman costumes, the flash costumes, teen titan costumes, wonder woman costumes, and many more are available for purchase now. be a super hero at your next party!iron man costumesspiderman costumespower rangers costumeswatchmen costumesteen titans - superhero costumeswonder woman costumesbatman costumessuperman/supergirl costumes see more superhero costumes... famous people costumes costume craze has a fantastic selection of famous people costumes. we have elvis costumes, marilyn monroe costumes, lucy costumes or even cleopatra costumes.lady gaga costumeskiss costumesmichael jackson costumeselvis presley costumesi love lucy costumepop star & material girlvillage peopleelvis presley accessories see more famous people costumes... teen costumes costume craze has teen costumes available for those tough sizes to find. a teen can dress up in many different types of costumes that are all especially sized for a teen.tom dickson blendtec costume ($13.55)girls native american indian princess costume ($10.28)kids fyre dragon ninja costume ($11.93)teen disco dolly costume ($12.45)teen disco diva costume ($12.45)tween french maid costume ($13.54)teen spike clown costume ($13.56)tween m & m's blue tank costume ($14.62)teen and tween m & m's orange tank dress costume ($14.62)teen and tween tank dress green m & m's costume ($14.62)teen and tween tank dress red m & m's costume ($14.62) see more teen costumes... funny costumes looking for funny halloween costumes? we have a large selection of humorous costumes to tickle your funny bone and keep you laughing all year long!funny hatsfood costumescomedy character costumesgame costumes animal costumes costume craze has a great selection of animal costumes and mascot costumes in all their furry choices. animal costumes have great quality and are not just for halloween!cat costumeskids animal costumesadult animal costumesbug costumespet costumesbunny costumeschicken costumescow costumes see more animal costumes... baby costumes baby costumes - dress up your small child or baby in one of our baby or toddler costumes. these costumes are for infants (6-12 months), small toddlers (size 1-2) and toddlers (size 2-4).valerie tabor smith costumesinfant costumestoddler costumes costumes for kids costumes for childrenchild costumes for girlschild costumes for boysballerina costumesvalerie tabor smith costumes traditional costumes dress up in the costumes that keep throughout the sands of time. a traditional costumes is perfect for any of your parties. check out our big selection of quality traditional costumes.princess costumespirate costumesvampire costumeswitch costumesindian costumesclown costumesreversible costumesadult costumes for women see more traditional costumes... dog costumes we have pet costumes for dogs including zorro, superman, spider-man, clown, batman and many more. let your dog be involved this halloween with a dog costume.jewish holiday bowtie dog costume ($3.77)pumpkin costume for dogs or cats ($3.79)bat costume for dogs or cats ($3.79)dog ghost costume ($3.79)clown pet costume ($3.79)dog devil costume ($3.79)little frankenstein dog costume ($4.32)dog reindeer antlers ($4.32)strip n' dog costume ($4.32)vampire costume for dogs ($3.47)witch costume for cats and dogs ($3.47) see more dog costumes... holiday costumes holiday costumes from costume craze are for all those special occasions where we should dress up. check out our large assortment of holiday costumes for all the major holidays.thanksgiving costumeschristmas costumeshanukah costumesvalentine's day costumesmardi gras costumespurim costumeshalloween costumesdia de los muertos costumes see more holiday costumes... plus size costumes plus size adult costumes - when one size doesn't fit all. costume craze has a great selection of fashionable plus size adult costumes to choose from.plus size short sleeve 50's costume top ($9.76)king pin's adult xl bowling shirt ($10.83)plus size 50' poodle costume skirt ($10.85)plus size mad scientist or doctor lab coat ($11.91)plus size ladies happy hour time costume ($11.93)adult plus size priest costume ($12.45)plus size unisex toga costume ($12.45)plus size hooded monk robe costume ($13)adult plus size nun costume ($13.54)plus size feather witch costume ($14.08)adult fred flintstone costume ($14.1) see more plus size costumes... kids playtime costumes kids playtime costumes are great child costumes to have for all your child's fun adventure needs. not only will they use their imagination with a playtime costume, but they will really look and feel the part.barbie costumeskids diva & rock star costumescreative educationplaytime princessesplaytime costumes for girlsplaytime costumes for boyskids accessories history & world culture costumes wear the costumes that help us remember the sands of time. costume craze has roman costumes, egyptian costumes, medieval costumes and many more!scottish costumesegyptian costumesgreek costumesmedieval costumesmexican costumes1920's costumesrenaissance costumesroman costumes see more history & world culture costumes... american culture and history find the greatest costumes from american culture and history. you'll find a variety of costumes from colonial costumes to hippie costumes to modern-day costumes. enjoy flapper costumes, 1950's costumes, gothic costumes and much more.american uniformcowboy costumes80's, 90's and today - modern costumespatriotic american costumessports costumescowgirl costumeszoot suit costumesamerican history costumes see more american culture and history... costume accessories find halloween costume accessories such as star wars lightsabers, harry potter wands, barbie make-up kits and much more. these costume accessories will complete any outfit!capescostume accessories - wandscostume accessories - boot tops, shoes, sandals and slipperscostume accessories - weaponscostume accessories - handbagscostume accessories - costume jewelrycostume accessories - glovescostume accessories - hooded robes and capes see more costume accessories... theater costumes (standard & deluxe) browse our fine selection of theater costumes for your on-stage needs. you'll find broadway-quality theater costumes as well as quality costumes perfect for your community or amateur theater budget.theater costumes fantastiquetheater costumes video game character costumes video game character costumesnintendo costumesworld of warcraft costumesstreet fighter costumesprince of persia costumes party games party gamesfunny twister costume ($16.27)twister sassy deluxe costume ($30.91)deluxe adult twister costume ($30.91)killer bunnies khaki booster deck ($6.5)killer bunnies pink booster deck ($6.5)creative whack pack, original ($10.84)cities & knights of catan 5-6 player expansion ($10.3)bluff 'n' peg ($13.55)simply suspects ($16.95)creative whack pack, success edition ($18.3)spy alley ($18.98) see more party games... festive decor find christmas decorations, halloween decorations and other festive party decorations perfect for setting the scene at your scary or fun event. be the cool house on the block for halloween or other festive occasions!halloween decorations halloween music halloween music by chip davis (mannheim steamroller) and dee snider (twisted sister)mannheim steamroller halloween ($7.59)oculus infernum van helsing's curse ($5.96) couples costumes stand out with your special someone at the next costume party. couple costumes, like fred and wilma flintstone, marilyn monroe and elvis presley, king kong and ann darrow, a roman couple, the spartan cheerleaders are similar themed costumes; one for him and one for her. great fun and very fashionable!woody and jesse costumessanta and mrs. claus costumesrobin hood & maid marion - couples costumesjack skellington and sallyhippie couple - couples costumessnl spartan cheerleadersshrek & fiona - couples costumeslittle red riding hood & big bad wolf costumes see more couples costumes... mascot costumes comical cow costume ($17.34)kids scary gorilla costume ($24.39)child scary gorilla animal costume ($35.24)aloha gorilla animal costume ($36.32)adult harem gorilla costume ($36.32)adult prima ballerina gorilla costume ($36.32)kids gorilla costume ($37.95)deluxe plush lion costume ($52.08)gorilla animal costume with muscle chest ($54.23)adult gorilla costume ($59.67)bunny mascot ($63.47) see more mascot costumes... © 2001-10 costume craze, llc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | returns policy | terms & conditions/faq home | returns policy | view cart | about us | careers | affiliate program | site map | contact us