来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121231060600/http://www.costumecraze.com/_terms_and_conditions.html
================================================================================

costume craze terms & conditions/faq want your stuff by wednesday, january 16? order within 19 hours and 2 minutes, and select next day air as your ship method!* adults teens children dogs exclusives on sale clearance new arrivals home | search | who are we? | blog | contact us | gift cards | sign up / log in | checkout / view cart 0 items ( $0.00 ) in cart | calculate shipping halloween costumes adult costumes kids costumes girls costumes boys costumes baby costumes mens costumes womens costumes couples costumes dog costumes plus size costumes sexy costumes more ... teenage costumes funny costumes mascot costumes traditional costumes pirate costumes princess costumes superhero costumes less accessories wigs shoes stockings masks makeup hats weapons & props more ... contact lenses costume jewelry glasses boots gloves leg warmers handbags trick-or-treat bags capes less party decorations on sale clearance deal of the day gift cards recently viewed girls white queen deluxe girls jasmine costume hot black flapper costume rabbi costume pink and white cheerleader costume click to checkshipping ratesand transit times or email this page view sizing chart terms & conditions/faq costume craze has been in business since 2001, and although we've grown much larger (now one of the largest online costume retailers in the world), our commitment to you--our valued customers--remains the same: provide exceptional service, unbeatable prices, and we hope one of the all around best experiences you've ever had shopping online. to help make this possible, it is important for you to read and understand costume craze's terms and conditions. but instead of providing a long, undecipherable "legal" notice (with more fine print than anything else), we've broken it down into three simple, easy to read and understand "question and answer" sections: placing an order, return policy, privacy policy. placing an order when you place an order with costume craze, you can feel confident that you will be taken care of from start to finish. with thousands of costumes to choose from (all searchable through our own advanced search engine), we know you'll be able to find that perfect costume for any occasion! and with a website secured with the most up to date 128-bit ssl encryption technology, your credit card information (and all related personal information) will be kept safe and secure throughout the entire process. an easy, convenient, and safe shopping experience is costume craze's commitment to you.... answers to common questions about placing an order q: do you accept orders outside the us? a: yes, we do accept international and apo/fpo orders, so we invite all to shop here with us. q: what forms of payment do you accept? a: we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, and paypal. if you'd rather mail in your payment, we accept cashiers checks and money orders (must be paid in us dollars). no personal checks, please. note: sorry, we are not able to process payments made with a gift card. q: if i mail in my payment, how does that work? a: the procedure is much the same as orders paid for online (you will receive an order confirmation, an order number, etc.), but your order will remain on hold until your payment is received. (in other words, it will not be shipped until after your payment has been received.) q: how quickly will you process my order? a: very quickly! want your stuff by wednesday, january 16? order within 19 hours and 2 minutes, and select next day air as your ship method! now that's fast! q: what else can you tell me about shipping? a: we ship all orders via usps or ups. you will be able to select the shipping options available to you (as well as calculate the cost and estimated delivery date) when you use our shopping cart/checkout system. domestic orders will be shipped via ups, or usps if being shipped to a po box. apo/fpo orders will be shipped via usps. international orders will be shipped via ups, or via usps, as selected by you (and according to availability). note: surface for international orders (which go by boat when shipped overseas) is very, very slow and not recommended. q: if i pay for overnight shipping (or 2-day shipping), will i really get it the next day (or within two days)? a: in most cases, yes, you will receive your package on the scheduled delivery date. however, there are some (if few) exceptions to this rule where delivery times are missed. inclement weather or inability to find your locale are some examples. additionally, orders for overnight delivery that are processed on friday (or over the weekend) will be delivered on monday or tuesday at the soonest (wednesday or thursday for 2-day delivery). in short, we cannot guarantee that your scheduled overnight or 2-day delivery will actually arrive overnight or in two days, but we will do our very best to get your expedited order out as quickly as possible to you. note: there isn't an "overnight" option for international orders (including puerto rico), orders to alaska and hawaii, apo/fpo orders, and a few other destinations; and shipments to these destinations most always take 1 or 2 days longer to arrive than the normal estimated delivery time. q: will i have to sign for my package, or will it be left without a signature? a: ups does not ordinarily require a signature (usually they just leave it at the door), but they may require one if they (at their sole discretion) deem the locale unsafe for delivery without a signature. there is an option to have your package signed for (and not left without a signature). there is a $3.00 additional fee for this service, and we do recommend it if you have any concerns about safety, etc. note: costume craze is not responsible for packages that are lost, stolen, or otherwise destroyed (e.g., bad weather, dog chewing it, so forth) after being delivered. so if you have any concerns about this occurring, we suggest you require a signature or use your work as the shipping address. q: what if an item is out of stock? a: if an item is out of stock, you will be notified on the product page and at checkout. if you want to order it anyway, you are welcome to place the order (as usual), and we will ship it out just as soon as it becomes available. (we will contact you to let you know when it comes to make sure you still want it, etc. and please note that costume craze will not charge your credit card until your order actually ships.) note: in the rare invent that an item becomes unavailable after your order is placed (in other words, it showed "in stock" when you placed the order, but it is found to be out of stock once it is ready to be packaged and shipped), we will immediately notify you and credit you back. q: what happens with "per-orders" or "out of stock" items that never become available to ship (after an extended period of time)? a: costume craze reserves the right to cancel any previously placed "pre-orders" or "out of stock" merchandise at the beginning of each calendar year (or after any holiday season or limited time sale), at its sole discretion. q: i am an international customer, what about customs, important taxes, etc.? a: as the importer of record, you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. these additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges, and we don't know how much they will amount to. additionally, a number of items are not allowed in some countries (for example, items made in china are not allowed by some countries, or just certain types of items are sometimes restricted or prohibited). if your package is seized by postal/customs officials for any reason (such as the item is not allowed in your country, you refused to pay the associated import fees, etc.), you are still responsible for full payment of your order (including shipping fees). as such, we suggest you contact your local postal/customs office, so you have all the information you need about these and other related delivery requirements before you order. note: want to know how much your order will be in your country's currency? xe.com's universal currency converter allows you to perform real time exchange rate calculations. (costume craze is not affiliated with xe.com.) q: does costume craze provide a certificate of origin (co) for international orders? a: no. q: do i need a certificate of origin (co)? a: you may be required to present a "certificate of origin" (co) for your package to clear customs, depending on the destination country and the product. costume craze does not provide cos. it is the sole responsibility of the customer to know if the destination country requires a co. if your order cannot clear customs because a co is required, and the package is returned to costume craze, you will still be responsible for any shipping charges incurred. to learn more about cos, including guidelines, restrictions, and other useful information, click here. q: what if i need to return my item(s)? a: please refer to costume craze's return policy for all the details. q: i still have questions about ordering, how can i contact you? a: feel free to contact us with any questions by calling toll-free 1-888-922-7293 (801-796-1053, for callers outside the us & canada), or contact us online by using our contact form. return policy costume craze tries to be as thorough as possible in its representation of each and every product we offer for sale. accurate images, detailed descriptions, sizing charts, and the like all help to ensure you get the best costume for you. but sometimes there is a need to return (or exchange) a costume, so we want to make you aware of our policies and the proper procedure for returning merchandise to us. this section should give you all the information you'll need.... new! did you know that you can now set up a return on your own online? just log in to your account and click "return items" (note: found within the "items" tab of your order details) for speedy, no-hassle returns! answers to common questions about our return policy q: can i return my order for any reason? a: yes! costume craze has a worry-free return policy! there are a few specifics to keep in mind: • for speedy, no-hassle returns, just log in to your account and click "return items" (note: found within the "items" tab of your order details) . . . it's that easy! or, as an alternative method, you may contact us via email or phone to receive a return/exchange authorization before sending your item(s) back. you can reach us at 888-922-7293 (801-796-1053, for callers outside the us & canada) or email us. • items must be postmarked within 30 days of receiving them. however, if time gets away from you, all is not lost! if you return your items after 30 days, you will receive your refund in the form of store credit. • if you return your items after 30 days, there will be a 15% restocking fee. • items must be returned in new, unused condition. we are very strict on this. we inspect every return thoroughly for signs of wear. if you wear it or stretch it out, please don't return it! you wouldn't want to buy something you thought was brand new that someone else had worn, would you? • you must include the entire costume with all its parts, plus the original packaging. if the costume, its parts, or the original packaging are not in perfect, unused condition, no credit will be issued. • clearance items are not returnable, nor are they exchangeable. all clearance merchandise is sold "as is." • some items are never returnable (for hygienic reasons). these include dog costumes, undergarments, wigs, beards, mustaches, make-up, novelty teeth, tights, socks, and contact lenses (and, of course, any item that is sold as "clearance," as explained above). • shipping charges are not refundable. q: what if i ordered the wrong size? can i exchange it for a different size? a: yes, you are welcome to exchange the same costume for a different size. you will be responsible for all shipping fees (shipping it back to us and shipping the new costume out). additionally, you must first have an authorization for the exchange, and it must be returned with all its parts, plus the original packaging in order to receive credit. (note: your item(s) must be postmarked within 30 days from the day you receive it. if you return your item(s) to us after 30 days, you will be charged a 15% restocking fee, which will be deducted from the amount credited for the exchange.) note: packages refused by the buyer (for whatever reason)--in other words, not accepted from the designated carrier and hence immediately shipped back to us--are subject to a return fee of $5.00, in addition to the 15% restocking fee (where applicable). international orders which are refused and returned to us by the carrier are subject to being charged the full amount that is charged by the carrier for returning the package back to us. q: what if i receive the wrong item or the item i receive is defective or is missing pieces? a: well, first of all, we apologize! we make every effort to get each customer the item(s) they ordered and to ship them in perfect condition. please call us immediately (888-922-7293 or 801-796-1053, if outside the us & canada). we recognize that many purchases are for events and email will not be the fastest way to remedy your merchandise. however, you can email us, if you prefer to. important things to note: • you must contact us within 48 hours to let us know your items are defective. • all orders that are authorized for return must include the entire costume with all its parts, plus the original packaging. if the costume, its parts, or the original packaging are not in perfect, unused condition, no credit will be issued. • we will take care of the shipping to get the correct item(s) out to you (if you'd like to make an exchange). • we will take care of the return shipping* for returns/exchanges. (note: it is literally impossible to refund your credit card for more than the original charge.) • the fastest way to remedy a defective or incorrect item is to place another order for the replacement right away. we will place another charge on your credit card until we receive the defective or incorrect merchandise. • refunds for defective merchandise will be given after the defective merchandise has been received and inspected by our returns department. *continental us addresses only. there is no cost for this postage-paid return label for defective or incorrect merchandise. upon inspection, if the merchandise is deemed not defective or incorrect (and a postage-paid return label was provided by costume craze), $6.99 will be deducted from your refund total. q: how do i cancel an order after it is placed? a: the good news is that we take our business very seriously, so when you place your order, we begin processing it almost immediately. the bad news is that because we move so quickly to get orders out on time, it is often not possible to cancel an order once it is placed. if an order is in stock, it will be processed immediately. in short, you should consider that an in stock order placed is an order immediately processed and shipped and therefore not possible to cancel. however, don't hesitate to call us (888-922-7293 or 801-796-1053, if outside the us & canada), we may be able to stop the processing, but there's no guarantee. q: i still have questions about returns, how can i contact you? a: feel free to contact us with any questions by calling toll-free 1-888-922-7293 (801-796-1053, for callers outside the us & canada), or contact us online by using our contact form. privacy policy costume craze is committed to protecting your privacy, and otherwise providing a safe environment for you to shop. we want you to be aware of the information we collect (and do not collect) and how it is we protect your information while ordering at costume craze. in a nutshell, all information you provide is confidential. your information will not be given away, sold, or shared except in pursuit of fulfilling your order. view our "full disclosure" privacy policy. q: i still have questions about privacy policy, how can i contact you? a: feel free to contact us with any questions by calling toll-free 1-888-922-7293 (801-796-1053, for callers outside the us & canada), or contact us online by using our contact form. © 2001-13 costume craze, llc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | returns policy | terms & conditions/faq home | returns policy | view cart | about us | careers | affiliate program | site map | contact us | gift cards