来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111214064649/http://www.bigdotofhappiness.com:80/testimonials.html
================================================================================

top service / testimonials homebaby showerbirthday partybridal showerbaptismanniversary baby showerbaby shower themesbaby shower invitationsbaby shower favorsbaby shower tableware view all baby showerbirthday partybirthday party themesbirthday party invitationsbirthday party favorsbirthday party tableware view all birthday partybridal showerbridal shower themesbridal shower invitationsbridal shower favorsbridal shower tablewareview all bridal showerbaptismbaptism themesbaptism invitationsbaptism favorsbaptism tableware view all baptismanniversaryanniversary themesanniversary invitationsanniversary favorsanniversary tablewareview all anniversarychristmaschristmas photo cardschristmas photo puzzle christmas address labelssnowman family collectionview all christmasclearance  customer carecontact usfaqsuggestion boxjoin our email listcustomer testimonials  home > top service / testimonialstop service / testimonials big dot of happiness has achieved the top service five star rating.it means that the store is participating in our customer rating program, and that customers who have ordered from that store have given it the highest ratings. nearly all yahoo! stores have good customer satisfaction ratings, but those with a star are the best of the best, with at least 95% positive ratings. here's what our customers are saying:rating: excellent body: it was perfect, excellent quality.rating: excellent body: i have ordered from the big dot of happiness 3 or 4 times now and have never received less than excellent service and value....if you are planning a party of any kind, you can count on them for personalized items, paper goods, decorations...all of superior quality arriving in record time....if there is ever a problem of any kind, you actually get a live person on the phone when you call them. they are wonderful!rating: excellent body: i do most of my shopping on line and i have never been happier with a company. i purchased all i needed for our daughter in laws twin baby shower. totally pleased :)rating: excellent body: user friendly website with affordable and amazing products at great prices! i could not be happier with them or my purchse. first class all the way.rating: excellent body: their customer service is very helpful and very good quality of product. i will continue to purchase my party supplies from them.rating: excellent body: very happy with my purchase.excellent merchant.rating: excellent body: it's always a pleasure dealing with this company when ordering party supplies this is my second time buying balloons from them and they come neatly packaged and always on time. also with the first order i had to speak to their customer service department and it was a pleasant experience.rating: excellent body: excellent quality! we oredered items for our son's first birthday party at the recommendation of a family friend and we couldn't have been happier with everything!rating: excellent body: i love how unique their products are, but a little pricy. i had to call once to shange shipping and i was surprised how happy, delightful and professional the rep was. it made me want to work there.rating: good body: fast shipping- always comes ahead of stated date and packaged in a fun way! broader option of products than what can be found at other similar sites with better designs. lots of compliments on the products. awesome customer service: i wasn't satisfied with a product and they replaced it, no questions asked. i really appreciated that. a bit more expensive, but worth the price. they do send regular coupon codes out, which helps. i will order again.rating: excellent body: i love this company, and have shared this with all my friends, i can't wait for the shower so everyone can see these products.rating: excellent body: this is the best website for party stuff and their employees are wonderful!!rating: excellent body: great company. great products.rating: excellent body: the merchandise was very good and lead to the overall success of the baby showerrating: excellent body: super fast shipping. product was exactly as described. good value for quality of product.rating: excellent body: i was so pleased i bought more :)rating: excellent body: excellent customer service!!!!! cute, cute stuff!!!! they helped me make my son's 1st birthday party so special! :)rating: excellent body: ordering from this company is like ordering from trusted, beloved family...they care for you and your order is important to them. they also have the best sense of humor and most positive attitude. their communication by catalog, online, mail, or phone is unique, personal, creative and refreshing!!! i have never encountered a company with such attention to detail and caring accountability for customer satisfaction and happiness as this company! we are very happy customers indeed!rating: excellent body: very cute !!rating: excellent body: i love the quality and unqiueness of their prodcuts, easy to buy. a little pricer than competitors.rating: excellent body: love this company....i have used them for every formal party i hosted! now i have found great gifts for my daughters class!rating: excellent body: the invitations were just as described and the printing was flawless! thank you!rating: excellent body: our party looked really nice with the decor from big dot of happiness! everyone asked where i had found such cute items. my only complaint was some items had to be purchased at a specific quantity; example: party bags sold in lots of 16 or more. otherwise i have used the company for all our family baby shower needs and we have all enjoyed the decor! thank you :)rating: excellent body: i am a repeat customer. i love shopping this site. orders are always delivered quicker than expected and always exactly as pictured. thanks!rating: excellent body: great company! love their enthusiasmrating: excellent body: as always, an excellent online shopping experience!rating: excellent body: whether it be a large purchase or small this company delivers in every way. their website is very easy to use. their communication with the customer is excellent. prices are good and discounts are given regularly. an added bonus is the sense of humor and friendly nature that the company conveys in their communications which makes dealing with them a very pleasant experience.rating: excellent body: i felt valued as a customer from the first moment i place my order to when i receive it. love the free personalization!rating: excellent body: i absolutely looooove this webpage and company, my only grief is the shipping and handling charges :( but otherwise, the customer service and the products are awesome!!!!!! thank yourating: excellent body: i received a good quality product in an extremely prompt manner.rating: excellent body: have used this site before and have never been disappointed!! really easy to use and they have just the right "different" items that appeal to me!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: fastest shipping i have ever seen and with a standard charge. if you have a question they actually respond to e-mails and are great on the phone. have purchased from this company three different times and i'm sure i will again.rating: excellent body: great products. great packaging. great service. will use them for any large parties in the future.rating: excellent body: great place to shop on the internet, always a satisfied customer!!!rating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness.com are rock stars!! each time i order from them i become more amazed at how consistently wonderful their customer service is! thank for all you do!!rating: excellent body: from the first time i ordered from this company i knew they would be a "come back to" site. their fun approach to sales and service is delightful and their product is so adorable. i have always gotten things for baby showers and the ooo's and ahh's are the reward for honoring the special mom to be. i tell others about this site b/c they are not just about babies but their other occasions are special too. great site and great customer servicerating: excellent body: this is the best company i have dealt with in a looooong time! very good website...i was able to order what i needed quickly. my items came just a quickly and i was very impressed with my e-mails thanking me for my orders and letting me know when they shipped!rating: good body: i love the balloons and baby shower stuff items. i have purchase wedding and baby shower in the pass and will continue in the future. keep the new and exciting merchandise coming.rating: excellent body: great job everyone at big dot!!rating: excellent body: i absolutley loved my personalized banner for my baby shower comming up in november. and i have not been able to find anything in elephants for my decor at the shower either until i found this website. everything was shipped fast, and even came wrapped up nicely. will deff. recommend this site to friends and family.rating: excellent body: big dot of happiness offers a great line of unique paper products for your party. i was impressed with the quality of the products and the speedy shipping. my favorite part was that when the items arrived, they were packaged in a fun and festive way. i will definitely keep them in mind when searching for paper products for any event i host in the future!rating: excellent body: everything from start to finish was so easy. the finished product was perfect!rating: excellent body: gift for a baby shower favor - very cute and easy to assemble.rating: excellent body: loved the packaging and speed of delivery (on both my orders)!rating: excellent body: excellent experience. quick delivery.rating: excellent body: i'm 100% happy with the items i ordered. i'm looking forward to order for my babys' first birthday.rating: excellent body: i love purchasing from bigdotofhappiness! i use them for most every party i throw and their products are adorable and very reasonably priced. usually, the item(s) come sooner than you expect, which is also nice. they have been excellent in all purchases i have made so far!rating: excellent body: i purchased these banners for my little sister's baby shower. she absolutely loves them. great personal touch!rating: excellent body: best quality, best service...simply the best!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: the napkins and personalized thank you cards were perfect for my daughter's second birthday! i'd happily order from them again.rating: excellent body: was easy to order and the overall experience and their merchandise was fantastic!rating: excellent body: had exactly what i needed and delivered fast!rating: excellent body: excellent customer service. a very professional company. great product lines.rating: excellent body: the package came when it was supposed to come. everything was included. im very satisfied with this company and i have used them again because of my experience. i would definitely recommend this company to someone else.rating: excellent body: i've ordered 2 separate times from big dot of happiness.com and i am very pleased with the quality of their products and the quickness with which my items were delivered.rating: excellent body: excellent, would give them an overall rating of this.rating: excellent body: i had a problem with the spelling of my name, however, upon contacting the company, they fixed it right away and re-shipped it. i would definitely do business with them again and would definitely recommend them.rating: excellent body: very pleasant transaction. i would buy from them again.rating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness makes online ordering a "happy experience". this is my second order and, like the first, i was kept informed on the status of my order. my order arrived before the estimated date i was originally given. the items arrived well packed and in perfect condition.rating: excellent body: this is a great site. i'm giving my daughter a baby shower and she has a pirate theme you're the only place that i found that had so many themed ideas. thank you.rating: excellent this is my 2nd time using bigdot for baby shower invitations. i have to say that i am just as pleased this time around as i was the first. the customer service is great. within a day of placing my order, i was contacted about the proof and recieved my invitations less than a week after placing the order. the quality of the invitations was excellent. i even appreciated the extra envelopes given for little mess-ups. i also order some stickers and was pleased to see that they were also high quality. often times when ordering stickers, you see run off or mis-alignments in the printing compared to the edges of the stickers. but not with big dot. there aren't any blemishes or ink-bleeds in any of the products i ordered. i intend on using bigdot for all of my party needs in the future.rating: excellent body: big dot of happiness had excellent customer service, great communication, quick delivery and an easy website to work with. i made my first purchase with them and after receiving it, went back and made a second purchase. i will use them again and again.rating: excellent body: they have wonderful quality products. we have purchased both invitations and paper goods through their company and we have been impressed by everything! their turn around time is very fast. the prices are a bit high for the invitations, but it was well worth the money!rating: excellent body: i live in another state from my grandchildren, and am always looking for ways to surprise them. since i couldn't be there for their first day of school, i sent a "party in a box" to help celebrate. they loved seeing their names on the banner, and putting together all the other fun stuff. big dot of happiness made it very easy for me to do something special for the special kids in my life. leslierating: excellent body: i did think the prices were a little high, but their product and service were excellent.rating: excellent body: your products are very lovely and high quality.rating: excellent body: these candy wrappers are very cute and will be a nice personalized touch for our party but the shipping cost as much as the product!rating: excellent body: great selection and very fast delivery.rating: excellent body: i ordered the anniversary candy bar wrappers on a tuesday, and they arrived the following monday, as i had requested! they were a nice touch to the party and everyone thought they were cute!rating: excellent body: i just loved this site. their products are wonderful and they have the best customer service!!rating: excellent body: great company! website browsing was quick and easy. i was able to find exactly what i needed. items were priced well, and shipped quickly! i will definitely recommend them to friends and purchase from them again!rating: excellent body: love all my items ordered.rating: excellent body: i love them! they do a great quality work for a reasonable price!rating: excellent body: i purchased items for my baby shower and they were really great. good quality and a big hit among my guests. i would definitely purchase from again and recommend to friends.rating: excellent body: very proficient with delivery and service.rating: excellent body: my order came so nicely and cutely (if that's a word)wraped. all my follow up e-mails were so nice. these people have great customer service.rating: excellent body: i am very pleased with my order. the shipping was very fast and the box and bag it all came in was very cute and unexpected! i will definitely be shopping with big dot of happiness again!rating: excellent body: always a pleasant experience. this is why i am a return customer!! customer service is outstanding. thank yourating: good body: product was exactly as described, and received timely. shipping cost was excessive.rating: excellent body: very pleasant experience. will definitely use them again!rating: excellent body: the items i ordered contributed to the wonderful baby shower i held for my daughter in law. the banner was so well made, it is going up as part of the nursery decor and the favor boxes were a hit and a memento for our friends and family. i highly recommend ordering party items from this company.rating: excellent body: the plates and napkins are even cuter than the pictures show!!rating: excellent body: i was amazed at how fast my item/items were delivered! when a slight error was made, customer service over the phone was sincerely sorry for the mistake. big dot of happiness went above & beyond to correct & make good on my item. i can't wait until my next party/function so that i can use their great products & add that "something extra" to make our party "extra special"!! thanks for the great service!rating: excellent body: this company makes event planning easy! ordered supplies on multiple occasions over a ninety day period. my orders were processed with high professionalism. great company!rating: excellent body: product quality, service and delivery is excellent. nice company to deal with. i have ordered again from them.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i like the sales you do and was able to get some of my stuff at 50% off. i just wish the plate set i bought was on sale too but as cute as it was i was gonna buy it anyway and didrating: excellent body: thank you for all you ideas and suggustions. this is our first grand child and my first baby shower & diaper party. everything was very helpful. i will be using your service for my future partys. sonjarating: excellent body: very pleasant experience. knowledgeable customer service reps. excellent response time to questins asked. definitely service with a smile - thanks!! :)rating: excellent body: best online experience ever!rating: excellent body: i can honestly say that i have experienced the best customer service ever frombigdotofhappiness. i am very satisfied with the products, timeliness of delivery and prices of the products offered on the website. i am even happier when the items are on sale. i will continue to be a loyal and happy customer.rating: excellent body: the person that i spoke to was extremely helpful. i am very happy with the products that i purchased. thank you!rating: excellent body: thank you for delivering the items quickly! they were a big hit at the shower.rating: excellent body: there is nothing like the selection offered by bigdotofhappiness in australia, and i had so much fun browsing through their massive selection! once i had placed my order, there was a small issue and i had to ring their head office to speak with someone. the customer service was absolutly fantastic and they were extremely accomodating. my order was processed within 24 hours and on its way in the post! it was easy to see at all times where my order was at, how long until it arrived etc through their easy to use tracking system. shipping was reasonable considering it was been posted internatioanlly, and all the goods arrived in excellent conditions due to the fantastic packaging used. i highly recommend bigdotofhappiness for all of your party needs - between the phenomenal selection, their fun and easy to use website and their excellent customer service you can not go wrong!rating: good body: i was very pleased with the products i purchased. i wish i could have got a little more for the amount of money i spent. overall i was happy about my purchase.rating: excellent body: very nice and fast. the item i order is very pretty a little pricy, but very cute and ready to go. i order this for my sister's baby shower, but you can use it for other occassions.rating: excellent body: love this store! i have used them for other parties and they always have what i need.rating: good body: i was sent an incorrect item, but when i notified the company, they informed me that they would ship me what was ordered. although it was an inconvienence, i am still happy with the items received and the great customer service.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: great site, easy ordering, super fast shipping, great quality products and cute designs. 2nd time ordering from here and will be ordering again for sure!rating: excellent body: i have ordered quite a few things from this website. i have been more than pleased. the products are of high quality, the colors are vibrant and they always have a sale going on. they also wrap everything they send you so neatly with a protective wrapping with a bow. love this place and will continue to shop here.rating: excellent body: this was my second order placed with bigdotofhappiness, and i was again very pleased! the personalized products really made the bridal shower i helped host perfect. i am again pleased and amazed with the e-mails and communication throughout each step of the process. delivery was amazingly fast, and everything was just what i was hoping for. i will definitely do business with this company again and recommend them to anyone else planning a special event!rating: excellent body: very professional work and super fast shipping.rating: excellent body: i was very pleased with the cost, quality, & speed of processing, & delivery. i can't wait for our next function to order from here again!rating: excellent body: we ordered personalized baby shower items; 2 banners, candy bar wrappers & thank you cards. the banners were made of sturdy material and withstood the windy outdoors great, highly recommend them. the thank you cards and wrappers were well made, and they sent a couple extra wrappers in case we goofed on our 1st try wrapping the candy bars, thank you! they were a big hit with the guests! our expectant mommy was very happy with everything! thank you 'big dot of happiness'! very pleased gramma-to-be p.s. 'cookies & cream' candy bars work well also in the wrappers, we had 2 flavors that way!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: great products, fantastic service, fast shipping. best shopping experience online.rating: excellent body: personalized products are expensive.rating: excellent body: great product. my daughter's wedding games with her name inscribed on it was beautiful. so glad i found this website. i am very pleased with my purchase,.rating: excellent body: the best place to buy all your baby shower needs. this was my 5th baby shower i have bought for , everything came nicely packed and the shipping was so quick . i also love all the themes they have to offer.rating: good body: i like a big dot of happiness, the merchandise is simply beautiful i will shop here again in the near future.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: awesome service, best store have shopped at in a long time on the internet...rating: excellent body: they were great. i will use them again.rating: excellent body: this has got to be the happiest group of people in the world. all of the email confirmations were fun to read. i will be buying from big dot of happiness again !!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i've always had a wonderful experience with big dot of happiness. i constantly recommend them they do a great job!rating: excellent body: i love this company. they have the best party supplies and super fast shippingrating: excellent body: great products and service!rating: excellent body: items were a big hit at the baby shower. very quick delivery.rating: good body: i chose to purchase with bigdot because i saw how well they responded to a review that was posted. the customer service is simpley put, amazing! i asked if i could change the colors of one of their stock images (assuming they would say "no") and they contacted me immediately and made the changes. each representative that i communicated with (both by phone and email) was consistently pleasant! my only dissapointment is the overall quality of the products. i ordered lip balm that had custom lables on them (some labels have creases in them), and custom gift bags. the gift bags are pretty flimbsy. i also ordered custom mints and stickers, which all are fine. i will most likely use bigdot again for my future events, but may be more cautious when ordering any paper products. overall experience was great. deannarating: excellentrating: excellent body: extremely fast shipping. great quality merchandise. thank you so much!rating: excellent body: i love this web site they have a wonderful selection for every occasion when i chose to have a monkey themed welcome home baby party they were the only ones that have a cute selection of every thing. everything i ordered came on time and packaged so it wasn't damaged. i will be using them for all my party needs in the future.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: never a problem, i've dealth with this company a few times already..and will do so again.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: love love love this site! extra tlc goes into every package and they always ship fast! reasonable prices and excellent customer service every time. i have referred all my family and friends. jenrating: excellent body: i love bigdotofhappiness! i wish i made more money to order more items from them. also, the video demonstrations are humorous and informative. i learned how to make a gorgeous diaper cake from them. their customer service is impeccable.rating: excellent body: i have used big dot of happiness several times for baby and wedding showers. i love the quality of the invitations and the assortment to choose from. i love the coordiating items that go with the themed products. i would use them again in a heartbeat. takes so much stress off trying to find they perfect favor, etc.rating: excellent body: i placed an online order for my daughter's 1st birthday celebration. customer service called me with a recommendation for a personalized banner i had ordered, and the recommendation was much better than what i had thought of myself! they were so nice and polite, and the standard shipping was very fast, even with the personalized items. i do wish they had a cheaper, slower shipping option to help those that are not in a rush save some money! that would be the only improvement i could make to my shopping experience with this company!rating: excellent body: the quality of the merchandise is excellent. i have ordered from them several times, and have always been please with their products. they provide great service to their customers always with a great sense of humor. their shipping notifications always bring with them a smile. i would shop with them again.rating: excellent body: the bridal games i ordered for my daughter's shower were a big hit. the guest wanted to know where did i get them. my daughter's name was printed on the cover, making them a keepsake. thank you for making her day very special. mom.rating: excellent body: their customer service was very helpful, it is very easy to maneuver on their website, delivery was prompt and i was very satisfied with my order - i would definitely recommend.rating: excellent body: the products that bigdotofhappiness.com offer are unique. shipping is quick and ideas for events are abundent.rating: excellent body: hi big dot! i have to say i just love all of your products!! they exceed my expectations! they only thing i would like to see more of is shipping free days or half off on shipping! that would be awesome!! thanks for taking the time to read my review. i appreciate all of your help throughout the last 1 year and a half that i have been a customer! thanks so much.rating: excellent body: everything i ordered came out perfect. customer service was great and my custom order shipped in two days. highly recommend!!rating: excellent body: i've gone crazy ordering from bigdotofhappiness because all of their personalized items have been so cute (i've been ordering for a baby shower). not to mention the fast shipping, instant notifications of products and the great deals! shopping through bigdotofhappiness is an absolute joy!rating: excellent body: amazing cs!!! i will always use this vendor!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: when the dinosaur baby shower invitations arrived they were so adorable. i could not wait to get them out. i also ordered the return labels and the sticker to put on the back of the envelope. the quality was excellent. i had absolutely no complaints. i would recommend bigdotofhappiness.com without hesitation, and will use them time and time again.rating: excellent body: this was my second time ordering from big dot of happiness and it was great! i'll order again.rating: excellent body: finding this company has changed my party planning for life! i will never again scramble from store to store to find what i want. i love the designs, the ease of shopping, and the quick shipping.rating: excellent body: friendly company, nice products, reasonably priced i would do business with them again without hesitation.rating: excellent body: a wonderful shopping experience.rating: excellent body: i called after a sale was posted a few hours after my order was completed that would have saved me a bundle. the quickly honored the sale price and couldn't have been more helpful or polite. great products, great service and ridiculously fast delivery make this my go to party company. plus i love the imaginative marketing and emails! way to go bdoh!!rating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness gets an a+ in customrer service and presentation! i love the variety of products offered. they make searching on their site as easy as pie. my favorite part in being a customer with them is waiting to see how my items will be packaged. it's always something new and creative. they take pride in what they do. love them!rating: excellent body: super fast shipping, very pleased, will use again in the future :)rating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness.com provides outstanding quality, service, and attention to detail! thank you again and again for a job well done!rating: excellent body: the baby shower was today. everything was just great and the items from bigdotofhappiness.com were perfect. very happy with everything and highly recommend. a tad pricy but the quality was excellent.rating: excellent body: so excited about my purchase!! couldn't wait to see it when it arrived and was even happier about the fact that i got it earlier than expected. everyone that received the invitation was so pleased with the quality and the look of the product. i pass your name along to anyone that i know that might be having a party of some sort. keep up the great work!!rating: good body: i am very pleased with bigdotofhappiness. the stuff they sent was exactly what i ordered and i was pretty happy with their selection. my son in law is in the army and we'd sent out camo baby shower invitations and was hoping to continue that theme... was not able to do so ... but the blue happee stuff is adorable, too. i did not contact customer service as i had no problems.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: loved all their correspondence !! it makes you laugh!rating: excellent body: love this website. i would "highly" recommend it for all of the special occassions that you are planning. all of the products are of the appearence that you spent 100's of dollars, but your pocket book knows that you are able to afford the rest of the party with out going bankrupt or having to delete somthing from your list because it won't fit in your budget because you spent to much on the invites or decorations!! your guest of honor will feel like you hired a proffessional party planner!! again thank you for providing high en products for and affordable price in this topsy tuvey economy!! aundria rating: goodrating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness.com, by far, has the best customer service i have ever encountered. my items arrived super fast and the way they packaged the items for shipment was so adorable (in a bag tied with a ribbon). the look of their designs is fantastic, print quality is excellent. i am a very picky buyer, and i have nothing but wonderful things to say about this company. i surf their site daily now, hoping to find more items to buy. :) prices are great, too! i big fat love them!rating: excellent body: the quality of the product and the packaging is superior. i will always check for the big dot of happiness before i check other sites for the product of choice. thank you for great service and good quality.rating: excellent body: this is my second time ordering from big dot of happiness and overall i am very pleased with this merchant.rating: excellent body: i am so pleased with the products i ordered for the baby shower..i made the cutest center pieces with the baby rattlers. the candy bar wrappers were top quality...everyone loved the "my water broke" game. i will not hesitate to order from you again..in my opinion there is not anything that you could do to improve my shopping experience..it was perfect..thank you and continue the good work!!!rating: excellent body: i have used big dot of happiness a couple of times and they have cute ideas and deliver fast...such a nice way to personalize a baby shower or partyrating: excellent body: i was able to locate items on your website that i had difficulty locating on others. the selection was good and the pictures showed exactly what i received. the quality of the items was excellent. i received many compliments and will consider ordering more in the future. ordering was simple and items were delivered even quicker than i expected. thank yourating: excellent body: wonderful experience! even used their "live chat" feature and it was wonderful!rating: excellent body: i love ordering from you!! fastest shop that i get any of my packages frm every time...thanksrating: excellentrating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness has adorable, quality products that i have been looking for in party items and gifts. this company takes additional time to make sure your items arrive in a package that is exceptionally wrapped for presentation. this is my big dot of happiness! i will always shop here!rating: excellent body: i was very happy with my order. the website is great.rating: excellent body: overall, an amazing experience. everything i ordered was of excellent quality and came packaged beautifully. the customer service from this site is phenomenal.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellent body: very happy with the quality of the product and how quickly our order was processed. will definitely order again!rating: goodrating: excellent body: big dot of happiness truly made preparing for my niece's baby shower so easy. my personalized orders came faster than i was told they would. thank you for the high quality items a managing my expectations as to when they would arrive! i am one happy happy customer!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i do all my party shopping at bigdot. i love the customer service, they are always there and willing to help with any concerns. i recommend them to everyone i know.rating: goodrating: excellent body: love this store. product is better than pictured. i have purchased the candles banner poster and idea cards. love themrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: everything was great! i will use them again!!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great service and was exactly what i ordered and thought it would look like.rating: excellent body: great service and choice of products. i have ordered from them two times, once for a baby shower, and just recently when i ordered some change of address cards. they didn't have such a specific card; but worked with me to find another in their line that could be substituted. i plan to go to this company's website again when i need products they sell. typical wisconsin way of handling customers and orders.rating: excellent body: this is probably one of the best company's i have ever dealt with. their website is top of the line and customer service goes above and beyond many others. will use them again for future needs and will most assuredly recommend them to others.rating: excellent rating: excellent body: most enjoyable....great company with personality....like very much what i purchased....darlenerating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: excellent service! great quality! we are very happy with this store!rating: excellent body: nothing short of professional! very, very satisfied with bigdotofhappiness.com. i will be re-ordering from this merchant again and again without a shadow of a doubt!rating: excellent body: love your products, but was upset with my last delivery. the package was left in my driveway with no notice on my door. i went to your tracking site to see that the driver left the package in the driveway. luckly, my neighbor retrive the box before it was soaked in the rain.rating: excellent body: the folks over at a big dot of happiness are awesome! extremely friendly and their customer service is top notch! i have and will do business with them again!!!rating: excellentrating: good body: great products! shipping alittle pricey great customer service would purchase from them again and would happily tell people about themrating: excellent body: big dot is fantastic! its communications are cute and lively, quality is top-notch and prices are reasonable. i'd use it again in a heart beat and highly recommend big dot!rating: excellent body: will definitely do business with big dot of happiness again!rating: excellent body: it was excellent experience shopping with them!!rating: excellent body: great, fast service on both of my orders.will shop here again!rating: excellent body: love the website, it's products, efficiency and great customer service. this is my 2nd purchase and love it! i have been recomming this site to all of my friends!rating: excellent body: myself and my daughters friend have bought all of our paper goods from you. very pleased when all came in. beautifuly wrapped. my daughters baby shower is going to be great with all the things we bought. the first time was bought by jen then we ran out of invites ordered more plus more plates. came so quick and could track online. i would recommend your company to everyone i know that needs paper goods or party good. i also will use you again. keep up the great work. thanks again, barbararating: excellent body: very pleased with their service. received lots of compliments on baby shower items we purchased.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: easy, pleasant and fun shopping experience. great selection and quality of products. will definitely recommend and use again.rating: excellent body: have purchased three times from them and have always been extremely satisfied with everything! customer service is second to none!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love big dot!rating: excellent body: i am extremely satisfied with my experience with a bigdotofhappiness! i ordered photo invatations, the site led me step by step. the result was beautiful invatations that i am proud of.delivery was right on time. i will definately tell all my friends about abigdotofhappiness.com!rating: excellent body: i was impressed with the quick receipt of my item and the quality of it also.rating: excellent body: i'm telling you...extremely reliable. i have ordered thru them for three different events now...and will continue to do so. luv 'em.rating: excellent body: the monkey baby boy , partyware was a hit, everybody at the shower thought they were the cutestest ever. i will purchase again although when buying in bulk i think there should be a price break.rating: excellent body: the labels were perfect & i received them super fast.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: the lables came out great and the rattles are so cute. everyone loved them.rating: goodrating: excellent body: great products, super cute and easy to order. i entered the wrong credit card information when i ordered and promptly received an email telling me. i called the next day to get the matter cleared up, and they were so nice and friendly that they made me want to find more excuses to have parties just so i can order more things from them. :)rating: goodrating: excellent body: everything cam packaged so well. i was very impressed but at the same time, i would prefer that more generic boxes are used and less packaging is used to cut down on waste. the items were pricey, even with coupons, but everything is very good quality and as expected.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i loved the whole experience. the people at big dot of happiness even called me about my orders for more information and to be sure they had undesrtood the order: i was very surprisedrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have used this company for several occasions, and have never been disappointed. i think of them 1st when a theme is involved. the website is easy to use, and the live chat option was awesome !! i have nothing but great things to say about bigdotofhappiness.com !!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great online service!!! product arrived within days...loved the anniversary stickers.rating: excellent body: i am absolutely very pleased with my purchases. i received everything well packaged in a timely manner. i can't wait to show off the items i purchased at the baby shower. i am already getting compliments from my family on the items purchased. i will tell everyone about this website. i will make future purchases from this company.rating: excellent body: i've ordered twice from this site. both times have been great experiences. although with my last purchase, i was a little upset at the coloring of the product. it was not the same shade that it appeared on the screen and there were some discoloration, overall not a huge deal. the products were reasonably priced and delivered quickly.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i loved the bridal shower "cherry blossom" theme invitations and the pink bridal shower game cards! the bride loves them, too!! i loved how quick and easy the transaction was and the shipping was super fast. i loved how neatly every thing was boxed and wrapped. i really loved the savings i received with my orders. thanks so much! i am sure the bridal shower will be a complete success. sincerely, katrinarating: excellent body: this ia a fun and great company!! i will order from big dot of happiness every time i host a party!!!!rating: excellent body: received very quickly!rating: excellent body: love their attitude and what they do- fast shipping and great product and sales:)rating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: awesome products! beautifully packaged too! super fast shipping!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: extremely pleased with the products i ordered. i especially loved the little big head baby rattles. they are adorable. i found the website to be easy to manipulate as well as the ordering process. i loved the expedient communication and shipping. the packaging was excellent and so cute. i will definitely be back for more in the future. thank you.rating: excellent body: i was super happy with the quality of the product, the price and especially the personalization choices offered. i was able to pick and choose how i wanted things and the items i had printed were done correctly. i received my package within 2 days paying the lowest shipping cost. have already recommended this merchant to my friends.rating: excellent body: everything was great. customer service was outstanding. my only (small) complaint is that the proof had to be sent a few times for very minor typos and it seemed to me that whomever was making the invites didn't actually read the wording because had they read them the typos would have been fixed - they were just basic grammar typos. not a big deal, i'm super happy with everything... just thought i'd throw that out there since it did cross my mind during the proofing part of the process. thank you! will use again!rating: excellent body: beginning to end my experience with big dot of happiness has been wonderful, especially when i received my package and everything was packaged so beautifully! thanks!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness was fantastic! they emailed and called to make sure the corrections on my invites were correct. then they were sent ups super fast. plus their designs are so super cute! i have used them to order baby shower stuff and birthday decor, they had everything i needed for a party, and usually cheaper then other web cites. i love them!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i've purchased several items from this company over the years, and have always been satisfied with their products. their customer service is excellent, and very prompt! and even with standard shipping, i've received items within two days of placing the order. i definitely recommend big dot of happiness!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: my experience with bigdotofhappiness was nothing but great.rating: excellent body: the only negative is getting discount emails on products that i had just purchased. would be better to cut the prices up front which would have increased the amount i originally purchased.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: big dot of happiness always comes through for me. i purchased banners for my grandsons party and big dot of happiness really came through for me. from the moment i placed my order to the delivery, for starters their website is very user friendly and the representatives are amazing and very helpful. i've made previous purchases with bdoh and have been very satisfied with their service. i plan on further recommending bdoh to all my friends and family. sincerely, raquelrating: excellent body: love the product. it was new and different from what is in the stores. the packaging was very well done. the shipping didn't take long at all. thank you. thank you. my first baby shower to decorate for my daughter and it is going to be wonderful. thank you for making it easy for me.rating: excellent body: i would definitely recommend & order from big dot of happiness for any party planning needs! they have cute merchandise, shipped quickly! thanks big dot!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: the actual product i got was a bit flimsy. i got the "bottoms up" bottles for the adult baby shower game. the nipples all got inverted and sucked in and people had to stop and try to pull them back out of the bottle so they could continue. i probably wouldn't recommend that actual product, but big dot of happiness had a decent discount coupon and the purchase arrived really quick. i would recommend them.rating: excellent body: i ordered from the big dot for my duaghter's baby shower and had many compliments on the decorations! i had made a replica of one of your diaper cakes with the big baby rattle on top. so cute! my past order was for my granddaughters baptism. you did not offer religious paper plates etc. but you had amazing and beautiful cupcake wraps with matching picks. i thought they were on the expensive side but well worth it. overall i will think of your products first when i have to order party goods again. also i will remark about your customer service. i had to call about how to attach my cupcake holders, i laughed after you mention your business hours then you said wait "we don't have normal business hours" that's a great marketing ploy. big dot of happiness made me happy nancyrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great communication regarding shipping and expected arrival. quality merchandise that was exactly as portrayed on their web site....even better.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i am so impressed with the customer service and professionalism of this company. i had an error on an order and e-mailed the company to inquire about the error. they responded quickly and i had a correct order shipped to me the very next day along with a coupon, apology for the error and a small gift. what service! i have ordered from this company twice and all orders have arrived quickly, beautifully packaged and the products are of great quality. i will be ordering from big dot of happiness again in the future when i host another party with no worries about my order!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i loved everything i purchased, it was just what i wanted for my niece's baby sower.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: awesome service!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was under the gun for a last minute shower and big dot was great. cute ideas everything came quickly and in great condition and it made my event very special. thank-yourating: goodrating: excellent body: great quality products, they were a huge hit at my child's first birthday party. i can't believe how many comments i received!rating: excellent body: i absolutely love all of their products!!!!! i just bought a few things for my son's baptism and i can't wiat for our guests to see them :d. this is my favorite specials events site, everything is creative and unique. thank you big d!!!!!!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have utilized big dot of happiness for two occasions...so far. on the second order, i made a big mistake, and customer service helped me out immediately. to boot...gracious and kind response.rating: excellent body: this store is the best i am a repeat repeat repeat repeat buyer and will spread the news of this store along with its sister stores in which i have also purshased many times fromrating: excellent body: great products! shipped beautifully!rating: excellent body: fantastic product, excellent company presentation! shopping your website made me happy! thank you for a superb online shopping experience!rating: good body: i am always able to find the most unique items for my party planning, they are definitely my go to place for the hard to find items.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have ordered bridal shower invites (aqua bridal dress), return labels, name tags, bridal sash (future mrs. ___), & gift cards and i couldn't be happier with the quality of the product !!! it also comes beautifully done in a bag and ribbon ... very professional !! i have told everyone that i know that if they are in need of any type of invite or party stuff to use you !!! i also love how friendly your customer service is...they have been wonderful to deal with !!rating: excellent body: extremely happy with their selection, pricing & quick shipping.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i am happy with my order and the amount of time it took to arrive. i think you could get rid of the naked butt on your packaging!rating: excellent body: i'm always pleased with the speed and service of this site. and the variety of products is amazing. i have referred many friends to the site and will continue to do so.rating: excellent body: this website was great. i even called them to make sure the personalized items would arrive in time, and they were very friendly and helpful. the decorations were adorable!! we ordered a personalized banner and stickers, and they turned out great. thanks so much for making my daughters baby shower a hit!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: everything i ordered came proptly,in excellent condition. i am very happy with my purchase and the quality of the products that i ordered from big dot of happiness.rating: excellent body: love this site! have used it before and will use it again!rating: excellent body: i love love love big dot of happiness i used them for my sister's baby shower and everything was so cute and came on time. plus when you receive the package it is like christmas unwrapping each item that they carefully package. i will use them for all of my future events!!!rating: good body: these cards were really cute - just the right thing for my baby shower thank you notes. the quality was great. ordering and delivery was easy and efficient. the cost was competitive too. i'm a happy customer. thanks!rating: excellent body: everything about them was perfect!!!!rating: goodrating: excellent body: i was extremely pleased with the order i recieved from bigdotofhappiness.com. i love, love, love, their live chat option. customers can recieve instant results and answeres at the tips of your fingers. this company has tuned me into a lifetime customer for their excellent products, services, and timeliness.rating: excellent body: this is a great site for party needs. they carry a unique variety of theme related products. the quality of the items are good. i received my items in a lovely box that i now use to store memories from the baby shower. everything arrived timely and neatly packaged. it is more cost effective to buy the package than individual items. i would recommend this site highly.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: operator was very patient and understanding , couldn't ask for anything more.rating: excellentrating: good body: the website had too many colors and looked a little messy overall. could look more professional.rating: excellent body: everything went well! right from the time i placed my order, up until delivery! the only disandvantage is that there is no service to deliver the goods internationally!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: this is my 2nd time using this company and i love that when you order your items, they call to make sure your happy or if they can do more for you. they are always very sweet to speak too. the quality is top notch. they are one of the very few companies that actually take pride in customer service! i reccommend them to everyone!rating: excellent body: would definitely do business with them again! super fast shipping!rating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: large selection of products,at a very reasonable cost. arriving quickly and packaged expertly i will shop here again i'm positive and do recommend to friends and family!rating: excellent body: they have the best customer service ever.rating: good body: can't wait to see how my daughter's baby shower turns out. we are using the modern baby boy theme. i love everything i've ordered so far.rating: excellent body: i loved everything about the transaction. the extra touches, such as the packaging, was a pleasant surprise. glenda geedeyrating: excellent body: i love that the orders come in these beautiful blue boxes and the actual orders are gift wrapped together. my daughter's birthday is coming up in a few months and i'm definitely going to order from this company again.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: the items that i ordered arrived in perfect shape, beautifully wrapped. the quality of these items is excellent. i will be proud to use them at the baby shower. i will definitely use this merchant again and again...rating: excellent body: i love big dot of happiness. presentation and packaging is special and gives you the motivation to plan the best event.rating: excellent body: big dots promises you will receive your merchandise by your special day and even with standard shipping and 7 days away,i still received my products.rating: excellent body: this company ensures that you have a "big dot" day!!!! i was very impressed with their service and will continue to use them should the need arise with party planning. their items are of very good quality. thanks, bigdotofhappiness!!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i am a repeat customer of big dot of happiness. they are one of my favorite shops to purchase party supply items. their interesting and creative products are a refreshing change from the boring stock offered at most stores. their prices are affordable, the shipping is incredibly fast and their customer service is outstanding.rating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: possibly the best product and value i've seen online...prompt delivery and excellent customer service...my daughters baby shower is going to be adorable!!!rating: excellent body: i orderd the modern mommy collection for a baby shower and was so pleased with all the options they had available to go with that theme i would order again form them. the prices are a little high on certain things, but for the most part, not too bad on prices.rating: excellent body: i began to prepare for the april 9th baby shower in january and i found the site not only provided many great ideas but the wording and encouragement kept me on track in my planning. also the coupons provided when i received my orders were a relief, as my guest list kept growing and my needs for product grew with it. overall, i have enjoyed this experience due to "the bid dot of happiness"! i would definitely recommend this site and will use it in the future for bridal showers etc.rating: goodrating: good body: good quality products. very nice packaging. quick delivery.rating: excellent body: i place and order for my first baby shower and my sons baptism, very thing arrived quicky and had the highest quality. everyone loved the personalized thank you note. i have 19 years of birthdays and holidays for my son. you will be my first source for product. thankrating: goodrating: excellent body: i have had nothing short of perfect service since i found and started ordering from this site. i will continue to use for any special occasion and let my friends know about the wonderful service provided. i also enjoy reading the emails regarding confirmation and delivery i feel the poetic language adds spice to the confirmation.rating: excellent body: wonderful products at great prices. customer service is absolutely awesome!rating: excellent body: i am impressed with this company. my only comment is that i would like to be able to ship to more than one location. i purchased items and sent to florida, but would have preferred to see a sample of everything i purchased. other than that, great job!!!!!!!rating: excellent body: i ordred baby shower invitations and baptism invitations from bigdotofhappiness.com. they did an absolutely beautiful job on both...i was very pleased! i will certainly continue to order from them for every special occasion.rating: excellent body: this is the most fun you can have shopping online! the merchandise is great, and the service is even better! even tracking your order is fun!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: everything about bigdotofhappiness.com was a great experience. they're clever notes to you from the moment you purchase something on their website to the delivery and receipt of the merchandise is terrific too! i have forwarded their website information on to others telling them what a great experience i've had with them. i definitely plan to purchase from them again in the future.rating: excellent body: love them!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i used big dot of happiness over the summer of 2010 for a friend's bridal shower and everything was so nice, came quickly, and was affordable. since then, i get weekly emails from big dot of happiness, and when asked to be the maid of honor in my little sister's wedding, i immediately thought of this website for our bridal shower needs. we purchased several items, one of which was the diamond ring bottle stopper, and they were a huge hit with all of the shower guests!!rating: good body: love, love, love the ease of ordering and the quick delivery. great to know that you get what you order and you get it when it is promised!rating: excellent body: nice product - the invitations looked great. the order came quickly and was in good shape (nothing smashed). i would order from them again.rating: excellent body: hard to find but worth the look. need a better site layout.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love bigdotofhappiness.com. my order came in a nice blue box and packaged very well.rating: excellent body: i've used this website twice to buy party supplies, and i was very happy with the products and the timeliness of the delivery both times. the products are unique and of good quality. the prices for the party supplies are appropriate, but shipping costs seem high.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have used big dot of happiness for bridal showers, baby showers and birthdays and they are incredible to work with. not one complaint here just fun, and they do all the owrk!!rating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: the price was very reasonable. your email updates are also a nice way of letting me know of your new products and coupons.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: awesome!! will definitely use again to purchase party supplies in the future.rating: good body: got a good deal...call someone and they helped me a lot. i even got $5 off shipping..i will definitely shop there again.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: love, love, love this company!!!rating: excellent body: i love bigdotofhappiness.com! their prices, products and service cannot be beat. i have used their diy products many times and i have always received compliments on the items i do. i will continue to use their site and love all the new products they are adding! keep up the good work!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i purchased 2 diaper cakes for a double baby shower for my sister in laws. i ordered them one week prior to the event and they came just as promised, the day before the event. the diaper cakes were very cute and everyone loved them. compared to many other online stores, big dot of happiness had the most reasonable prices for the diaper cakes. online ordering was very easy too. i would use them again for other events.rating: excellent body: i have used bigdotofhappiness.com at least 4 times maybe more-----love the service love the products!!!! i have told many of my friends about their products--- i am a big fan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!rating: excellent body: i have given many baby and bridal showers and have always all my paper products through you! your themes are very clever and very original! i love you huge selection of invitations and matching decorations! you shipping is very fast and my orders are always complete. i love your company and will continue to order from you! thank you very much!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i loved the stickers so much and it was very easy to add a little flair to my favors!! great customer service, quick ship and a staff that is willing to do anything for your satisfaction!!! thank you!rating: excellent body: i love the quality of the products and the uniqueness of the twin baby shower favors and invitations. love love big dot of happiness!rating: excellent body: great stuff - high quality. the personalized items were a great success at the baby shower. very good selection and good prices especially with all the sales they have.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i am very pleased with the bigdotofhappiness.com. the prices were very reasonable, customer service was very helpful (the company even offer an military discount, thank you), and the items were sent promptly. i was very suprised. i will spread the word. thanks for fantastic service!!!!! lynettarating: excellentrating: excellent body: great selection and prices! quick delivery!rating: excellent body: in two separate orders from this merchant, i can say that there is nothing i would do to improve the experience. what a pleasant surprise, as the was a site i just stumbled upon in a search for baby shower ideas.rating: excellent body: would definately order from them again!rating: good body: recieved damaged shipping box but contents are alright. e-mailed company right away and they replied very, very, quickly!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: the invitations turned out absolutely beautiful! i cannot thank you enough for the great job that was done. customer service was amazing and personalized the card exactly as i wanted it. everybody loved the invitations. i would recommend bigdotofhappiness to everyone!rating: excellent body: awesome website - great merchandise and helpful customer service - highly recommend!rating: excellent body: everything i've ordered from big dot is always so cute and so original! shipping is super fast (even to hawaii) and the items are better than expected! thank you!rating: good body: i received my order with 1 tag short. i ordered 60 tags. i counted them twice, then had someone else count them and came up with 59 each time. the 1 tag didn't make a difference in my party, but short nonetheless. customer service was amazing, pleasant and helpful. shipping is extrememly expensive if you need your order expedited. selling price was average compared to similar products sold elsewhere. delivery was as promised and well packaged for safety against dents, etc.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was so impressed with the entire order process. customer service was great, and the packaging for the items i ordered was really cute and unique! the printing and shipping was very fast. the seller really made the process fun - i will definitely order from them again!rating: excellent body: i was very pleased with the service provided by this company. when i did have an issue they promptly took care of the problem and i was impressed by the level of cusotomer service all their employees displayed. i would definitely use this company again.rating: excellent body: they are wonderful they will call you if something doesnt look right shipping is fast always have cupons with every order.this was my first time ordering from them i did the custom bride shower invatations they came out awesome i have placed 2 orders from them cant beat there prices they are the best!!!!!!!! donnarating: excellent body: big dot of happiness was very helpful when i had to add to my existing order. very pleased with the service & quality that they provide. this was not my first time ordering from them and will sure not be my last. thanksrating: excellent body: i love this company. packaging of items purchased was superb! delivery and service were both outstanding. i will definately be a repeat customer.rating: excellent body: i am having a twin baby girl baby shower for my niece. big dot has so many wonderful choices for twin babies showers..i absolutely love the products and know everyone at shower will be surprised and awed at the party decorations,favors,candy wrappers and the lovable cutesy baby rattles. the service is phenomenal and i am letting all my friends and family know...prices are great and the products are so unique. thank you so very much for the wonderful,different products and the superb customer service!rating: excellent body: this company is so great! i spent more than i planned to, but i was not disappointed. the things i bought are so cute and i've already received many compliments on the invitations (little cowboy). my party is this weekend and my guests are going to go nuts over the candy bars and decorations! i placed several orders (4 or 5) and the shipping/delivery was exactly the day they promised (and they send tracking information). they send out their packages with a great deal of pride (i won't ruined the surprise!). however, the best part about this company is the customer service! they were great! the best online store i've bought from - and i buy a lot! they have online and phone support with real people. my emails were always responded to quickly (sometimes even at 10pm!) with an actual answer, and they went out of their way to help me on the phone. it's the way all companies should run and it'll be the reason i use them again! (btw, the only reason i needed to contact them so many times is because their stuff was so cute i kept ordering more!) heidi, tx ps - although i spent more than planned, their prices are about them same as other online party supplies - their stuff is just cuter and they have more matching speciality items (candy bar wrappers, tags, stickers, etc.).....that's why i picked them!rating: goodrating: excellent body: the only issue i have is with the product the special print on the product that makes it unique is very light and difficult to read.rating: excellent body: my 3rd time ordering with bi g dot! i absolutely love you guys!! your products are beautiful! i've never been disappointed. in fact i'm always pleasantly surprised at the quality, and the speed at which i receive the products. woo hoo!rating: excellent body: part of my order was left out of the package i received...i e mailed the copy and within an hour i received a phone call, an apology, and confirmation that the missing item was being immediately shipped...this was extraordinary customer service that immediately rectified the problem...i was very impressed and thrilled with the customer service...mistakes happen...how they are handled says all you need to know about this company...i will definitely use them again and highly recommend them to my friends.rating: excellent body: i really wanted the actual drinking glasses but these worked out fine everybody loved them. do you have the drinkung glasses for favors flute champ0agne glassesrating: excellent body: very satisfied and happy with my purchase!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: these tags are awesome! we put them on our shower game gifts, as well as our take home favors. this is the second time that i have used your company and i find it absolutely fantastic! your merchandise is so cute! it's also good quality for a reasonable price. i highly recommend this site and all merchandise for anyone planning a baby shower, bridal shower or bachlorette party!rating: excellent body: this is an awesome company. everything i ordered from them has been terrific.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: next day delivery, amazing!rating: excellent body: loved all the supplies i bought. a bit pricey on the invitations and thank you notes, but it was all so convenient i paid the higher price.rating: excellent body: i found bigdot when i was planning my girlfriend's shower. i was pleased with how quickly my reasonably priced items arrived. now that i am planning my own wedding, i have purchased additional items and again am pleased with the efficiency of shopping experience.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: my first time buying from bigdotofhappiness.com and i am sure i will continue to, i absolutely love this website. loved the personalization options they have and the ease of customization. :)rating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellent body: the items i ordered were very moderately priced and i received my items in a very timely manner! will definitely order from them again!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: customer service is excellent. after ordering, i had a request to change the shippingaddress, which they accommodated no problem. they also clarified something i ordered to make sure i had not made a mistake. they are great! i would order from them again in a heartbeat.rating: excellent body: very good quality product, nice and helpful people on the phone. overall great experience, would buy again for future needs.rating: excellent body: quick response and shipping. quality products, and excellent customer service. they even give you some cutsie rhymes.rating: good body: good quality, cute merchandise, and very clever messages on their packaging. seems like a very "fun" company. pricing is pretty good also.rating: excellent body: loved the items i purchased and they were shipped so quickly. i was pleasantly surprised!rating: excellent body: i needed baby shower favors with a turtle motif. i was all over the internet checkingout what other companies had to offer. there were plenty of options for teenage ninjaturtles, but i needed a cute baby turtle. i finally found it on blue dot. i orderedpersonalized placemats and personalized candles. they were delivered quickly and in perfectshape. customer service contacted me about the shipping process. my only complaint was thatit would have been nice to have a "shipping coupon" but i was unable to find any and paid $20for shipping. other than that, everything was perfect and everyone at the baby shower lovedthe theme. thank you so much!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: completely satisfied with products and service from big dot. love their products andwill continue to purchase from this merchant when i need products they can provide. superorganization.rating: excellent body: excellent customer service. great deals. very good variety to chose from. will refer myfriends to this site. couldn't be happier with purchase. highly recommended!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: super fast delivery...my order actually arrived two days earlier than expected!! iordered custom baby shower invitations, return address labels, and custom thank youcards--they are all sooo adorable and beautiful high quality. love this merchant....suchexcellent service & quality that i just placed a second order today.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love big dot of happiness. most of my party supplies are ordered from your companyyearly.rating: goodrating: good body: the stuff that they sell are super cute!!! it's a little, pricey but the overall, greatproducts... i'll definitely come back again, i'll just wait for their sale! :drating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellent body: i love all merchandise big dot of happiness has to offer. good prices, and excellentcustomer service.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great service, fast processing and shipping! great products!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: fast shipping. nice packaging too. based in menomonie? awesome.rating: excellent body: more than i expected. i love my baby shower invitations. thanks for helping make thisspecial day so greatrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love this site and have ordered several times and never had any problems.rating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellent body: extremely happy with my purchases.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: this company is very efficient. i ordered invitations with a proof, and they e-mailed the proof within three hours of placing the order. once i confirmed the proof, my entire order shipped the same day that i ordered. the package arrived beautifully wrapped and i couldn't be happier. this company is excellent, and i would use them again in a heartbeat.rating: excellent body: awesome awesome awesome experience!! staff is so friendly and considerate. a great example of awesome customer service!!! i will most definitely use them in the future! great products!rating: excellent body: i was most impressed with the speed of delivery! i selected the standard shipping option, and i actually received it in 2 days! (that was even on an order that included personalized items!)rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: my shopping experience with this merchant has always been spectacular! the site is so cute, i recommend them to anyone looking for everything to complete their party and make it fun!!! great customer service, cute packageing, fast service, they rock!!!rating: excellent body: totally satisfied with bigdot service and their products. highly recommend and will use in the future.rating: excellent body: i have found bigdotofhappiness to be one of the very best professinally ran on line sites. thier customer service is easy to work with and promptly responds to your concers. their products arrive in perfect conditon and are exactly what your ordered. i recommend bigdot to all my friends and will purchase from this comapny in the future. thank you for the opportunity to comment.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: awesome service! awesome goodies!rating: excellent body: this is the second time i order from big dot of hsppinedd and i honestly think its great. i love their products and it surely beats going out and trying to get it on my own. i think they are excellent. thanksrating: excellent body: the items i ordered fit beautifully in our party theme for our grandsons first birthday--so pleased and had many good comments on the banner. we will be looking to you again for more party supplies for future birthdays and etc.rating: excellent body: the web site is a little tricky to navigate if you're at your shopping cart and want to go back and buy more. but the customer service is outstanding and the products are fresh and fun. i'd buy there again.rating: excellent body: everything came in on time and was just as cute as on the website, even a last minute purchase i decided on. everyone loved the decorations!rating: excellent body: great products and speedy delivery!rating: excellent body: this is the second time that i've ordered party things from bigdotofhappiness and both times i've been more than pleased with everything. from the quick shipping to the neatly wrapped order, i'm never disappointed. i've referred many friends to them and will keep doing so. they are the place i go to for all my party needs.rating: excellent body: very fast shipping, easy website, amazing customer service.rating: excellent body: exceptional company and products! will definitely recommend and be back!!rating: excellent body: i actually received my order one day early. i did call customer service before placing my order with some questions, and the person i spoke with was extremely helpful. the items i purchased were exactly as presented and adorable. they were a big hit too!!!!!rating: excellent body: i was pleased with the packaging.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: very happy with my total experience. i have made several purchases and have not had any problems at all. i love the items that are offered.rating: excellentrating: good body: was please with the product and well answer more things for a baby shower. thanksrating: excellent body: i had ordered something previously and didnt actually know if i wanted to use them or not.. customer service helped me in returning and reordering.. great place to purchase fromrating: excellent body: i had a minor problem with one of the items i purchased and was happily given a full refund for that item. these people stand behind what they sell!rating: good body: i had a wonderful experience with big dot!! they're reps were knowledgeable, extremely nice and eager to help me!! i used them for my best friends baby shower and it was a complete hit! everyone kept commenting on how nice it was!! i couldn't have done it without big dot!! i will definately be using you guys again!!rating: excellent body: i love this website and recommend all the time. the prices are great and the customer service is excellent!!!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellent body: love the variety of choices! and quick service. love this place! i'll be back!rating: excellent body: love this company, they are everything an online merchant should be! this is why i will use them each and every time i have a part!rating: excellent body: i love this site. i go back every week to order something for my daughters baby shower. quality of products are great. i will recommend this site to everybody i know.rating: excellent body: i was very well pleased with my order. was totally shocked at the time frame and didn't pay anything extra for it. will and already have been recommending this site to my friends and family. love the selections they have.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was very surprised with the fast delivery. very satisfied and will be shopping again very soon!rating: excellent body: best website for your birthday party and baby shower supplies. very unique items and reasonable prices, specially when they have their "silly sale." would recommend to all shoppers.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellent body: extremely fast shipping, great quality of product for such a great price! i will definitely order from here again. thank you!rating: excellent body: items were shipped in a timely fashion and product was very nice. thank you.rating: excellent body: i ended up placing a couple of different orders -- going back to purchase additional items after receipt of the original order. service was great -- they quickly answered my email questions -- and the articles themselves were lovely.rating: excellent body: great!!!!!!!rating: excellent body: i am very fortunate to have several grandbabies arriving around the same time and have planned several baby showers. i have been using this website alot because i have been very happy with the quality of the merchandise as well as the speed of delivery. overall i am extremely pleased and will continue to use this site and pass along to friends. thank you.rating: excellent body: big dot of happiness is definitely top notch. i recommend anyone to get any of the products on their site. guaranteed you will not be disappointed, but left amazed. do your research and you will not find quite the comparison in product and especially price.rating: excellent body: i recently placed an order for my niece's baby shower and we're doing the boy monkey theme and i ordered the table setting package, balloons, lip balm favors, rattles, and a few other things i am so pleased and excited. the presentation was beautiful and my pre-printed invitations were absolutely beautiful and i know the guest are going to be really pleased. after hearing about other baby showers and parties done recently this will not even compare. big dot of happiness has style and i love it! i have ordered several things from big dot before and i have always been pleased. and everyone is always asking me where did you find all these things!!!!!!!! sometimes i like to keep you as my best kept secret, but why should i only enjoy the best quality products :) many thanks to big dot of happiness and continue providing the best products and five (5) stars to presentation. i love attention to detail and you have that all covered.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: the items i received from big dot of happiness were awesome. this is not the first time i've purchased from big dot of happiness which is why i wasn't surprise about the quality of the service and products. i absolutely love the banner, small gift bags, invitations, stickers, etc.. that i ordered for my husband surprise 40th birthday party. absolutely satisfied!!rating: excellent body: having this website and the tips of my fingers has made me have events for my loved ones such a breeze. and the happiness and satisfaction on their faces is absolutely priceless. thank you for starting this website and thank you for being a big part of my life!rating: excellent body: i wish the shipping charges were at a lower price. when i am ordering certain items and the amount of the shipping charges are the same or more as the purchases i have to cancel which is rather disappointing as i like the items a lot.rating: excellent body: this is a very customer-oriented company whose products are of high quality. i would definitely order from them again.rating: excellent body: i have ordered from bigdotofhappiness.com several times and never been anything but delighted with their product. the quality and presentation is always as stated!rating: excellent body: my daughter found this site when searching for baby shower items. we found that big dot of happiness was a great site.... we found what we wereooking for, and we received the items so fast . i will be shopping this site in future to come for all occasions..... thanks big dot of happiness for having such a great site...rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was amazed as to how quickly i had received my order. everything was packed neatly and attractively. i will definitely be ordering from this site again.rating: excellent body: i have purchased several times from bitdotofhappiness for several events. their products are wonderful and my guests have always ooohhhed and aaaawwwwed over the items i have purchased. they have products that make that event very special - just add the extra touch that i could never think of myself and if i could, it would take me forever to put it together. i love their stuff!!!rating: excellent body: love this site! customer service is excellent!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: the service was great and everyone really enjoyed the games! it was very convienent and it saved slot of time and paper!!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: this company is one of the very best i have ever dealt with! i have recommended them to everyone!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: the items i received looked great and they came so fast. i was very pleased with everything.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i ordered the hershey bar canady wrappers. it arrived fast. the quality is great. it gave instructions on how to wrap the hershey bars. nicely packed. i am very happy and highly recommend this product.rating: excellent body: everything came exactly as ordered in a very timely matter! this was my second purchase from bigdotofhappiness and i'm sure it won't be my last!! thanksrating: excellent body: they made shopping for my sister's baby shower so painless! it was wonderful to find exactly what i wanted in their online store! once everything came it was exactly how they represented it online and the quality was top notch! very happy with bigdotofhappiness.com!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: it was easy to order. they are with u every step the way in explaining your order. like their personal touch in writing to you.rating: excellent body: i have used the big dot of happiness before for another baby shower and was quite pleased then. that's why i came back for this baby "sprinkle" (second baby). suggest you establish a line of products for baby "sprinkles" because that seems to be catching on. thanks!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i would recommend this company to everyone who is planning an event. awesome is the best way to decribe the service, packaging and overall quality of the website. thanks bdoh. you will see me again real soonrating: goodrating: excellent body: first time shopping but i am sure it won't be the last!! very happy with the prices and the ease of shopping on line. the shipping was very quick on the item i bought. great place to shop!rating: excellent body: love this company. great with communication and quick with delivery. also, their products are unique and wonderful!!rating: excellent body: i am very happy with their customer service. i needed to re-order an item and called their 800 number and they were very helpful. i ordered the personalized lollipops and they gave me an extra display box to help me out. i really appreciate the extra help they gave me. i will order from them again and would recommend them to anyone.rating: excellent body: love these guys. they are awesome!rating: goodrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love the invitations i got! they're so cute, and were shipped very quickly.rating: excellent body: i love the products i purchased - they were exactly what i was expecting - no unwelcomed surprises like when i have purchased from other online sites in the past! thanks so much!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: everything was super!!rating: excellent body: thanks for the quick response to my order.i had forgot to put the "r" in birthday. you guys corrected fast and there was no delay on my order.rating: excellent rating: excellent body: i have to say this place is awesome. i have called customer service and in 5 min. they called me back with an answer they made me feel so great.. i really love this company and i can't wait to see how my son's 1st b-day comes out... thanks you guysrating: excellent body: i have used this company for both the kids. i love it!!!rating: excellent body: fast shipping and outstanding customer service! part of my order was lost in transit and they immediately shipped a replacement plus a really cute little apology gift.rating: excellent body: i love this web site. i have ordered from here several time the past month or so for my daughters' baby showers. they have such adorable things. and even their responses of order confirmation are friendly. thanks for being so wonderful.rating: excellent body: a very unique and fun website. i go to them for all of my party needs. would recommend to everyone.rating: excellent body: very pleased with the quality of my purchase, i would definately purchase from this site againrating: excellent body: absolutely love shopping on this website. they are courteous & friendly. products are so much better in person. i buy everything i need from them for showers. i will not buy from anyone else!rating: excellent body: i ordered some sweet 16 and wedding stickers. i had them personalized. i could not believe how fast they were shipped and they were better than i had planned. i am very pleased with big dot of happiness - price, shipping, and the product.rating: excellent body: everything from the packaging to the product has such a "cheerful" feel. loved shopping from this merchant!rating: excellent body: i was very happy with my big dot of happiness experience. my merchandise was delivered promptly and packaged well. it was everything i expected and more. i will be back on line to see what is available next time i have an "event" to plan for and will recommend this site to others!rating: excellent body: excellent!rating: excellent body: very satisfied, received product very quickly. impressed!rating: excellent body: items are of great quality and arrive so quickly!! i will order from bigdotofhappiness.com over and over again!rating: excellent body: i have ordered serveral items from this company since i found them on the internet! everything is great. will order again if i need to. thanks for the great servicerating: excellent body: it is really nice to have a company so close to our place our shippment arrived in 2 day with the ups ground. everything was nicely suckered. the only thing that would have helped me out while planning my son's first birthday party was to have solid color tableware. i will absolutely be using this company again for my party needs.rating: good body: was pleased with what i ordered.rating: excellent body: big dot of happiness never disappoints. i ordered baby shower items as well as birthday items from their website and and i 100% satisfied. they carry cute, quality products with great prices. i will be shopping here for all my future events.rating: excellent body: this is the first time i used this website. i was more than pleased with the product as well as, the service i received. i am planning on using this service for the many upcoming events.rating: excellent body: i have ordered so many things from you for my daughters baby shower. she is having a boy and wants a monkey theme. all that i ordered is just wonderful. i could not have expected the qualilty to be any better. i am thrilled! from the monkey rattle to the diaper certerpiece, the decorations and the various games, you are a one-stop shop and i love it. i can't wait for the shower to get here.rating: excellent body: i used this site for invitations and had excellent customer service and a flawless order, so i used them again even though it was slightly more expensive than other sites i saw. it was worth the extra money because everything was perfect again.rating: excellent body: this is the second time i have ordered through your company, and both times the quality of the product and prompt shipping has made this experience wonderful. i will order from you again.rating: excellent body: i would love to do business with big dot anytime. looking forward to future purchases. such a variety and great ideas and prices.rating: excellent body: second time i have dealt with this company and it really is one of my favorite vendors. they just package everything with such care and handle so much of the prep. prices are pretty standard if not better than competition. always very impressed!rating: excellent body: love love your site,i. use you guys whenever possible! you have a great selection!rating: excellent body: i was so pleased with everything i received. the ordering process was so easy and i can't believe how fast i received my order.rating: excellent body: i have never experienced customer service so down to earth yet so professional. i always knew that balance existed and i am glad i found it. i hardly ever participate in reviews like these however when i received the email i just had to. best regards, dawnrating: excellent body: the baby gift was lovely. it was better than described. it was a total hit at the baby shower.rating: excellent body: the monkey boy shower stuff is even cuter in person than online. plus if you live in the phoenix area (in arizona), you can get the cutest cake to match...rating: excellent body: i have been placing orders since june, and have been extremely satisfied with everything. i must commend the customer service. the people truly treat you with the utmost care, as though it is their event. i will continue to order from them in the future. f.l. n.y.rating: excellent body: i think their shipping prices were a bit outrageous but i really liked my stickers. yes, stickers, that was all i got and the shipping was pretty much the same price. they arrived much earlier then the site said they would (which i thought might happen*) so that was nice. overall everything went well, i think they just need to lower their shipping cost. if your only ordering something small it shouldn't still cost $6 for shipping.rating: excellent body: couldn't do any better anywhere!!rating: excellent body: i was extremely satisfied with this company. i have turned a few people on to this company. one of the best.rating: excellent body: thank you for your service. product packaged wellrating: excellent body: they were prompt with packaging and sending my order. when there was a misstake with my order, they corrected it right away and sent it by 2 day mail. their customer service is excellent. i loved the product and will definitely use them again. all the party guests raved about it and thought that it was so cute.rating: excellent body: many thanks to the folks at bigdotofhappiness.com! they were great!!!! this was my second order and i was just as pleased as the first time. they are a wonderful company to do business with. my order was prompt and correct. what more could anyone want?rating: excellent body: the company had excellent customer service. that is what surprised me the most. i ordered a custom printed product that allowed 2 lines of text, but i opted to only use 1 line of text. they contacted me the next day to make sure that is what i actually wanted and that i did not make a mistake. the were incredibly courteous and surprisingly upbeat in their emails. it made me realize that there was a real person corresponding with me and was a nice change from the standard cookie cutter emails that most companies use.rating: excellent body: happy customerrating: excellent body: i order some very cute supplies for a baby shower and they are perfect! the items arrived very quickly. will definetly use again for future showers!rating: excellent body: i love big dot of happiness!!! i always find great products for my daughter's birthday parties. the designs are unique which i appreciate because i don't want decorations you can buy anywhere....i like her parties to look special and have our guests ask where we found such cute stuff. the prices are great and shipping is very fast. i have never had any problems or been dissatisfied with any of my purchases. i will continue to buy my party supplies here for many years.rating: excellent body: wow, great, adorable products, alot of thought went into each package shipped, i have used them several times, and will buy again and again!rating: excellent body: big dot of happiness was a extremely positive experience. the quality of their merchandise, the very low prices, and the genuine concern from customer service is unbelievable. i will continue to shop their, and highly recommend this company to anyone who is shopping for a special occasion.rating: excellent body: there were amazing and i definitely will order from them in the future( and also tell all my friends!!rating: excellent body: i am not sure if it was this order or my last order. but since the patterns i was ordering didn't match they called to me just to double check. :)rating: excellent body: great store. thanks!!rating: excellent body: when i was unsure about an item i was able to chat with a representative live which made the process easier. all the information given was true and they followed up quickly when necessary. i would recommend this site to anyone. also, the shipping was always on time even when the items were not rushed.rating: excellent body: banner looked exactly as it did online and was well packaged for delivery so no folds or creases. had ordered something previously and was very pleasantly surprised so i went back and ordered the banner too.rating: excellent body: these people go the extra mile. they once called me to answer a question i had typed in on my order. i have ordered from them multiple times and always have been extremely pleased with the quality of their products and the promptness of the delivery on even the personalized items.rating: excellent body: i ordered customized candy wrappers for my grandson's birthday. they shipped almost immediatelely and arrived well within the estimated deilivery time.i received a quality product and everyone thought they were so cute. i would definiteley buy from big dot of happiness again. donna t.rating: excellent body: i am very happy with the products. can't wait to use them at the baby shower we are putting together.rating: excellent body: items came quickly and order was acurate. i ordered the monkey girl them for my daughter's 2nd birthday and recieved so many compliments! i will order from big dot of happiness again!rating: excellent body: this company has gone above and beyond what is expected of any online companie. i love the ability to customize an order and still receive it quickly. there was an innocent mistake made with my first order but the company surpassed the nessecary steps to correct it. i used them several times after and fell in love. the prices are great. use them u won't regret it.rating: excellent body: great store with a variety of options! i have shopped and will continue to shop here often.rating: excellent body: i ordered plates, cups and napkins as well as other things for a shower i was giving, everything was just as pictured and discribed on the page only a lot nicer. everyone at the shower raved about how nice they were and wanted to know where i purchased them. i i wanted to keep a bigdotofhappiness.com to myself for all my party supplies but in the end i told them were i got them from. thank you bigdotofhappiness.comrating: excellent body: great quality...rating: excellent body: ordered mon morning and received product by fri. everyone loved the idea and i have given out name of co 3 times this week!rating: excellent body: i love big dot, i used them for my bridal shower and my wedding as well, and some guests of mine even used them for their wedding!!rating: excellent body: shipping price is a little highrating: excellent body: i have not been disappointed with any of the merchandise i have ordered. the people you speak with take a personal interest in making sure you are satisfied. this is the third year i have placed large orders with this company. i highly recommend big dot of happiness.rating: excellent body: the baby shower invitations i ordered were more than what i expected. they were really cute and everyone loved them.rating: excellent body: ordering from this company was quite exciting and very easy; next best thing to being in an actual store ! representatives were very pleasant, thorough, and accomodating. ordered items were the rave of the baby showers that i co-hosted. company's reps demonstrated accuracy by catching discrepancies, calling, and actually speaking to me, the customer, to verify info.--no automations, or computerized prompts. in comparison with other vendors of this type, big dot of happiness will always be my site of choice for any future events. rating: excellentrating: good body: bigdotofhappiness has great selections of everything you need for wedding and baby showers. i love being able to shop for multiple events at the same site. i've ordered from them for several years and i have never had anissue.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i called customer service with a special order & they were awesome! easy to work with and product i requested was beautifully done. will definitely use again.rating: excellent body: i will recomend this merchant to everyone, good quality on products.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: was very happy with my purchase and shipping was fast.rating: excellent body: i contacted biddotofhappiness regarding my order at 10:00 pm est and before i awoke at 6:00, they'd already responded. they are highly-sensitive to their customer's needs and i will use them again in the future without question. great experience. thank you! :)rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love this merchant. i have hosted 2 baby showers recently and purchased invitations, decorations etc. they are adorable. customer service is excellent. highly recommend and will defintely purchase again.rating: excellent body: when i realized i had made an error in my address, i called immediately and the customer service representative was very pleasant and helpful if more people in other companies were like her i would phone orders in more often i enjoy the contact with people also love the greeting when you call......rating: excellent body: love this site!! will definitly recommend this to friends :o)rating: excellent body: i ordered bridal shower favors, decorations, and games from bigdotofhappiness.com. the quality of the products was great. the entire order arrived quickly and was in great condition. i even got a call from customer service after placing the order updating me on the status of one of my items. overall, i'm very pleased and will definitely use bigdotofhappiness again.rating: excellent body: love their unique personalized products. great quality and reasonable prices. very quick production time (my experience was one day) and shipping was fast and packaged very nicely!rating: excellent body: i'm very happy with the product, shipping lead time, customer service and checkout process. i would definitely shop with them again!rating: excellent body: i am extremely happy with the purchase and the quality of the items.rating: excellent body: what a delightful group of people to work with. their packaging is wonderful! i would use them again and recommend them to anyone!rating: excellent body: ordering was easy and received order quickly and intact. thanks! would definitely use again-rating: excellent body: such cute stuff and it got here just in time, even though i was late ordering it! will definitely use this website again!rating: excellent body: i love bigdotofhappiness, from the ordering process and customer service to the great box everything came in! it made my baby shower so special! i will definitely order again in the future! thank you.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: this is the second time i've ordered invitations from bigdotofhappiness and i love their products! many of the ladies invited to the baby showers i threw, exclaimed over the invitations i sent out. they're very classy looking and adorable and they were perfect announcements of my events!rating: good body: great customer service and the product arrived before the estimated arrival date. i love this store!rating: excellent body: i have recommended this website to several family and friends. i wish they expanded to other holiday / general invitations rather than just wedding / baby because they have great products and great service!rating: excellent body: first time but not the last, very excellecnt customer service and items. thanks .rating: excellent body: i accidentally keyed in the wrong credit card information, they contacted me right away and i still got my package before the date i requested. this is the second time i have ordered from you and have been pleased with all the service, quality and pricing. thanks again, will use you in the future. junerating: excellentrating: excellent body: they are a true customer service oriented company. it was so refreshing!!!! my order was ahead of schedule, when they inadvertently did not give me all the stuff i ordered, it was corrected immediately and re-sent to me overnight for no extra charge. it's a consumers dream!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i loved the outcome of my order...the staff was great to accomodate my request for typing the text in my native language. i am very satisfied with what i received at the end and i strongly recommend big dot of happiness to everyone.rating: excellentrating: good body: awsome--awsome luv itrating: excellent body: this was the first time i've used this site and i couldn't be happier. the quality of the product and the way everything was packaged were outstanding. the instructions on putting together my favors were clear and easy to follow. i will definitely order from here again.rating: excellent body: i would recommend big dot of happiness to everyone! i placed two separate orders for my wedding shower invitations. both orders arrived at a rate that i could not believe! the invitations are rare and beautiful! i was even able to communicate with customer service via instant message. i love big dot of happiness!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =)rating: good body: i was very pleased with the merchandise i ordered. it was shipped to me quicky and i will continue to use bigdots!rating: excellent body: i love this on-line store! i came across them doing research for a baby shower and i am so thankfull i found them. great service and quick shipping. shipping isnt too expensive either. i highly recommend bigdotohappinessto everyone. thanks, dianerating: excellent body: love this company! they may not have an extensive inventory, but what they do offer is affordable and they respond quickly, maintain communication and ship quickly! i have been very pleased with the merchandise i have ordered and will continue to order from them.rating: excellent body: exceded my expectations!! great company.rating: excellent body: this is the only place that i feel confident enough order bridal/baby shower favors. they're always on time, nicely done and reasonably priced. plus, customer service is extremely nice and helpful.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i just placed a second order with big dot of happiness, and i couldn't be more pleased. my items arrived beautifully packaged and very quickly. the selection at big dot of happiness is amazing, and i will continue to shop there.rating: excellent body: the cards turned out darling and the service was great! such a cute company and definately a fun place to order cards. look forward to ordering more in the future.rating: excellent body: thank you cute baby shower game daughter loved itrating: excellentrating: excellent body: this was a wonderful experience i will definitely do business again thank you so much for all your assistance and wonderful product.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: would order again for sure great placerating: excellent body: the customer service and products were outstanding. the team did everyhing they could to meet my needs. i look forward to ordering from them soon.rating: excellent body: i will return to this site for future purchasesrating: excellent body: i loved all the products i recieved. they were so nice to call me to verify some personalization options and it turned out to surpass my expectations! i will 100% shop here again! fantastic!rating: excellent body: great purchase. gave your name to several people already and will continue to do so. appreciate all of the poems etc. made my day!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: thank you for all your hard work, the babyshower was wonderful and your product are amazing.rating: excellent body: the site was specific and colorful. the explanations were clear as to what you were getting. when i was unsure of my order, i called the number provided, and a real person answered!!! she took care to ease my concern about the order and it arrived before i expected. all was good. my guests thoroughly enjoyed what i had purchased from you all. thank you for adding a special touch to our party!rating: excellent body: what a fantastic experience. the quality was excellent and promises to deliver were kept!! thanks!rating: excellent body: this was my second order with your company, first was for a baby shower and the second was a baptism. we kept the same theme for both it was the big headed baby. easy, fast service, with so much to chose from, and resonalble prices. i will definately keep you in mind for future parties/events.rating: excellent body: it was great being able to talk to a live person and a very nice person. the transaction flowed smoothly and the item was a very big hit at our daughters baby shower. the packaging was also beautifully done. definitely would consider using this company again.rating: excellent body: i order invitations and coordinating thank you notes and party favors. they turned out amazing! the service was great! when i ordered the invitations i received them quicker then i had anticipated! the have a pretty good selection but i would like to see them add more eventually.rating: excellent body: i was delighted with the service and promised delivery date. i have to tell you....i love your packaging! the box is too cool to throw out and your paperwork is such a delight. rather than the dull white with black ink....your artistry and colorful correspondence makes for a festive experience!rating: excellent body: product was much cheaper from this website than others and delivery was fast!rating: excellent body: you are the best site out there! thanks for helping me plan my daughters shower - she is having twins!rating: excellent body: excellent service! quality items delivered days ahead of expected date. i highly recommend them.rating: excellent body: i love your store i have purchased stuff for 2 or 3 parties i have given. i have been very happy with everything i have purchased. thank you bibdotofhappinessrating: excellent body: everytime that i plan and exicute a baby shower, i always order from your site. everyone always loves what i get, especially the mother-to-be.rating: excellent body: the prices are pretty good, but with shipping it all adds, up. but for the convenience and ease, fast service, and quick and complete customer service, it is well worth it. i had found my own mistake after everything was ordered and put out an email. customer service (patty, i believe) emailed me right back the next day with the re-order confirmation and the correction. and that was on a sunday! awesome! my parent's 50th anniversary is so much easier because of this. thanks! s.graczykrating: excellent body: my order was delivered timely fashion they even called me on my cell to see if i wanted a punctuation mark where i failed to put one very good experience with them i would recommend them to my friends.rating: excellent body: everying was perfect.... a bit pricey but you get what you pay for!! will definately use the services again -this was my second time!rating: excellent body: having a shower for my daughter in law and so far, whatever i have ordered has come out awesome.rating: excellent body: i wish there was a higher rating than "5" for customer service! i have now purchased 3 times from big dot of happiness, and i am a customer for life! great products and prices, fast delivery, beautiful packaging and fabulous customer service. spread the word! this is the best online shopping site! donna k.rating: excellent body: i was so pleased with the baby shower invitations i received so quickly and the fact that i was able to view the invitation on line and approve the wording before it was shipped was so nice. the customer service people who answer the phone were delightful--so knowledgable and caring. i have recommended this company to everyone i know. the pricing is terrific and the packaging inside the box was out of this world! such a great beginning to our baby showers. the ease of purchase and speedy delivery could not be topped! i haven't stopped raving about this company to my friends and family!rating: excellent body: i love this company! i just placed another order recently. great prices, friendly people, and rapid fire customer service!rating: excellent body: this company was one of the best companies i have ever had the pleasure to deal with. everything about them was excellent and i would definitely order from them again and recommend them to friends (already have). outstanding!rating: excellent body: i have purchased items from bigdotofhappiness on at least 4 different occasions and i am completely satisfied with all aspects of their operations. price, quality and fast receipt of items ordered are outstanding. 5-star rating.rating: excellent body: great experience. :)rating: excellent body: i am a return customer of big dot of happiness. this second transaction was as satisfying as the first. their customer service reps are cheerful, helpful, accurate, and process orders very quickly. i recommend them and will order from them again! andrearating: excellent body: my order was sent to me very quickly, and the printing on the invitations i ordered was perfect. they really took care of the details and were very speedy with delivery. i will definitely be using them again.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i've used this site several times and have always been extremely satisfied with my purchases. the first time i decided to order something from this site i was a little worried because i didn't know how my purchase was going to turn out. i was so happy with it i have referred several people to this site. the products are great quality for a great price.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: love this store! they are so prompt and the products are so unique and with quality standards.rating: excellent body: no other site is better than this totally awesomerating: excellent body: in the last 2 months i have ordered 2 different baby shower themes for my daughter and daughter -in-law and i am very please with the merchandise. the big dot bundle is the way to go. jeanrating: excellent body: i have ordered twice in the past month and must say their service is impeceble. the time from which i ordered to the time that my packages arrived was to be honest maybe less than 5-7 days. i will continue to use their services as long as they keep up the great customer service and speedy shipping time. awesome store.rating: excellent body: thanks for making my cousin's baby shower so much better!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have ordered several times from this site and each time the purchase has gone very easilyand even better is that it always arrives prior to the date originally stated....i will continue to order each time needed from this site!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: the customer service at big dot of happiness is wonderful. i couldnt be happier. im going to use them for my baby's first birthday and another baby shower. im grateful for all that they provide.rating: excellent body: this is my second order with big dot. both times the order came quickly, was well packed and i was pleased with the quality and packaging of the products. the seem like a great company, and i will continue purchasing from them.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: love, love, love their products!rating: excellent body: everything was great! so great that i ordered again for the next baby shower i am hosting. thanks.rating: excellent body: this company was wonderful to deal with.rating: excellent body: highly recommend!! love the "poem correspondence"!! enjoyed doing business with the merchant. will definitely consider again for future purchases!rating: excellent body: we bought small soaps as baby favors for the baby shower.the item looked exactly as the one in the picture. delivery was prompt. no problems with this purchase.rating: excellent body: received my purchase just as promised. the tags are beautiful and came in fast. would buy again.rating: excellent body: excellent products at a fraction of the price with the best customer service on-line. will help you select and customize to make any occassion memorable.rating: excellent body: each time i have used bigdotofhappiness.com i have been very satisfied. when i have needed to speak with someone they are always very helpful and polite. the merchandise always arrive much sooner than the estimated time of arrival date that you receive when your order is placed.rating: excellent body: i just love this company! their products are adorable, their prices are unbeatable and their shipping time is amazing! i have used this site many times in the past and will continue shopping here for many of my party needs. thank you again!rating: excellent body: i love the care they put into every delivery. the products are amazing and the speed of delivery is excellent. i am a return customer over and over again!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: love all the products that i purchased!! i will definitley buy from again!! and have recommended them to my friends, who have also purchased from them already!rating: excellent body: very quick and prompt shipment.rating: good body: i loved the packaging. i was impressed by how much care the company took with packaging the merchandise. i would order again from the company just on their packaging alone. i didn't expect that considering how inexpensive their products were. it was a nice surprise. rating: excellent body: your company has done an excellent job on my past and current orders. i highly recommend you so don't take it as a negative when i don't provide you with a "5" on the pricing. i do think you are about average in comparison in this area - but the customer service and the quality are excellent - you're wonderful. thank you!rating: excellent body: i really enjoyed shopping from bigdotof happiness.com. i researched prices on the products i bought and they had the best prices with great shipping options. i was also surprised by how and efficiently they sent the order.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: very happy with our purchases! arrived neatly packaged and delivery was very prompt!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: exceptional customer service, especially in a day and age when one often wonders if any business pays attention to such things. will definitely use this vendor's business based on their customer service.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was very pleased with my purchase overall. i do wish that you did not have to purchase in lots of 10 for the soaps. i only needed 12 and was forced to purchase 20.rating: excellent body: this is one of the best online shopping experiences ever!! the selection was awesome; there was so much to choose from. i was able to navigate with ease thru the website. i was surprised at how quickly my purchase arrived. the product was better than expected--not cheap, paper-like. the puzzles were heavy cardstock or cardboard. since i have ordered, i have continued to received follow-up email about service and promotions, making sure i was happy with the purchase. i really loved the whimsical little saying throughout the website and emails to make you feel like you were talking to someone warmly concerned. thanks for such a great experience!! i'm a bigdotofhappiness shopper for life.rating: excellent body: great items a little high on prices, but after checking other sites, i found they are very reasonable. quick delivery and courtious staff.rating: excellent body: made the party a blast and adorablerating: excellent body: thank you.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: they have very cute stuff that no one else carries. reasonably priced. and i actually recieved my order faster than origionally expected.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: good body: big dot of happiness has the best variety of really nice looking products for parties! it's hip and chic. their customer service and care can't be beat. the packaging on my order shows real effort and care. my only complaint is that once i ordered, i am now inundated with daily emails from them.... an occasional email is ok - but the frequency seems a bit much!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have recently placed several orders and i can't say enough about them! they offer great varieties and prices of so many awesome items! i will tell everyone i know to visit their site for party or special events needs! love you guys! please keep up the fantastic job!! cathyrating: excellent body: the big dot made an impression on me last year when shopping for my daughter's shower so i shopped the dot again this year for my step-daughter's shower. we're looking forward to our monkey boy shower! xoxoxrating: excellent body: this store was soooo helpful , their friendly the page was easy to use, i love it1 all my guest was star struck! my guest wanted to know where i got this and where i got that , it was so personal down to banners to plates to balloons , dinnerware tableware, center pieces the candy everything was so wonderful my daughter babyshower was a hit !!!! thanks to big dot of happiness we our (family thank you ) with warm wishes ms. dayrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: the price was betther than other on line stores rigth after i place my order i got my confirmationand, delivery was on time, the merchandise was perfect exactly what i order.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: was really impressed with the speed and accutercy of my order. the quality was great.rating: excellent body: received the product very quickly. the coasters look great. the price was also the best on the web. thank you!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: fun, qucik service, helpful customer service and great products. at our baby shower everyone wanted to know where i got the "stuff".....rating: excellentrating: excellent body: excellent site! great choices for party invitations and decorations. great quality and fast delivery. the only problem is that their shipping is very expensive if you want to speed it up. so order well in advance to use basic shipping.rating: excellent body: the doll is very cute and i'm sure will be a big hit at the baby shower. the service, packaging and delivery were excellent. i will certainly purchase from this merchant again.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: wonderful merchant! the quality of their products along with their over-the-top customer service makes them a pleasure to do business with. i think they're great and have recommended them to friends and co-workers.rating: excellent body: very happy with quick service.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: big dot of happiness was great! they shipped my order right away and everything was beautiful!! this is the place for super cute invites!rating: excellentrating: good body: overall i was very pleased with big dot of happiness. they have a great slelction of merchandise and found exactly what i was looking for. i would shop them again.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love this store! i stumbled upon it and will definitely be coming back. for customized items, the turnaround time is fantastic!rating: good body: i called and customer service was incredibly helpful and prompt.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: they're amazing!!!rating: excellent body: hello, my name is adriane and the order i placed recently was delivered damaged due to ups. sam not only resolved my issue promply, i recieved a replacement order immediatly. thank you so much for excellent, outstanding service.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: perfect purchase, product and service. 2nd time ordering in the last 3 years.rating: excellent body: i was very, very pleased with bigdotofhappiness. ordering was easy, shipping offered enough options, the price was fair and i received delivery well before the promised date. they produce a quality product and the lip balm was even sent individually inside nice gift bags. i love their emails and friendly poem-like messages. i would highly recommend this company. satisfied customer from ohiorating: excellent body: absolutely love the african-american partyware!rating: excellent body: what fun! an absolute pleasure to deal with!i received impeccable customer service which i thought was no longer existant.rating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness.com is a wonderful website that is easy to navigate...they ship immediately and their items are adorable and well-made...i couldn't be happier and i always tell my friends about it when they are looking for baby or wedding stuff...thanks for doing what you do! prescott,azrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: thank you - all the items i purchased were beautiful. we had the shower yesterday and the "little all star" and balloons were such a hit.rating: excellent body: really great customer service. refunded me when there was a problem with one of the products without hesitation. very fast shipping! great company.rating: excellent body: my order arrived promptly and was beautifully wrapped even though i didn't ask for wrapping. i would definitely shop with them again.rating: excellent body: i highly recommend this company. their products are unique, the service and delivery are exceptional, packaging is cheerful. everyone at my baby shower loved the baby feet center pieces, cute favors and diaper cake. a big dot of happiness company is top of the line.rating: excellent body: everything was perfect for my daughters baby shower the plates to the favors were delivered very timely and everything was just liked it looked on line, i called the customer service line to let them know how happy i was that i used this merchant. susan m.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: great customer service. package was received as scheduled. i would order from the company again.rating: excellent body: i look forward to more purchase's in the future, thanksrating: excellent body: wonderful varity!rating: excellent body: the best in customer service, quality and price!!!!!! thanksrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love ordering from the big dot of happiness. i just wish i had a more often reason to. their prices are competitive, the merchandise is superb and their customer service is the best.rating: excellent body: a in every way. nice products & quick shipments!rating: excellent body: they put such care and personalize each order so much that it feels like i am their only customer.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: was very leery about ordering from the internet without seeing things first in person. everything was great quality and packaged really well!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: ordering was easy, my gift was shipped to its recipient quickly and she said the gift wrap it came in was "divine".rating: excellent body: i had a question about the pricing for one of the items i purchased (it was a lower price on one of their sister sites) and after briefly speaking with an agent online she said she would adjust the price after i placed my order. and it was done with no hassle whatsoever. the order came exactly when it was supposed to and everything was just as nice if not nicer than i imagined. everyone loved the decor at the shower. thanks so much and i wouldn't hesitate to use this site again for my party planning.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: we were very happy with our purchase. the customer service was awesome! we will be ordering from them again!!rating: excellent body: even if i missed some items in the delivered box, the customer service was really, really, really helpful and they have send them immediatly. the products are really cute and the quality is excellent. i really can recommend this online-shop! many thanks!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: "big dot" came through for me with not only lower prices than another specialty stores but more selections. i was shopping for a baby shower and the hit of the shower was the gift for the dad. the "tool belt" of goggles, tongs, gloves, etc. was great. he was so excited, he almost stole the show when he modeled them for everyone. i'm very pleased with big dot and will definitely use them again. everyone wanted to know where i purchased my things and i happily gave them your name.rating: excellent body: this is a wonderful, trustworthy company with great products, timely delivery. they go out of their way to please their customers. i recommend them highly.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: loved the invitations! delivery was superfast!rating: good body: shipping was quick, promotional code was wonderful, prices were very competitive against others (which is why i chose to order from big dot of happiness three times in 2 weeks). everything was shipped with love and careand packaged neatly and decoratively, i loved it! the packaging is very cute and i love how the name of the person who packed my order "with care" is listed. as long as shipping doesn't become too expensive i will continue to order from bdh in the future. the only down side is there is no "spend $, get % and free shipping" codes... shipping is always a hassle and extremely expensive :(rating: excellent body: very quick to ship, very well packaged, and excellent customer service!rating: excellent body: keep up the good work. i had a great shopping experience.thank yourating: excellentrating: excellent body: i think it's a little cheap that the price doesn't include the little 2x2 printed tags to the soap boxes. simply bbay stuff does. i thought you all were the same company. had i known that you all had yor owsn website,i would not have ordered theses from you.rating: excellent body: everything was great. speedy delivery. even called me to clarify something on the order! great company! i will continue to do business!!rating: excellent body: this is the best place for what we used for a baby shower ....... i will used this web sight for all of our baby showers.... coustmer services is the bestrating: excellent body: this is the 2nd time i've used this company for my favors. the candy wrappers were a big hit (again) at the baby shower! everyone enjoyed it and it's a great souvenir for the parents to be. great job on them! thank you!rating: excellent body: beautiful packaging, cute emailsrating: excellent body: i ordered several things from many different websites to prepare for my best friends bridal shower and by far this website was the best i ordered from. i received my shipment before said date. the products were very high quality and exaclty how they were described. thank you big dot for making my planning for this bridal shower easy and stress free.rating: excellent body: i love all their stuff and an excellent servicerating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have ordered a few times from them over the past few months and i am always pleased by the service. i love tha packaging and care in presentation. the products are always as pictured on the website. i will shop there again.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: the rep. who took my order was very nice andpromised i would my delivery in time (1-wwek) before my event. i will def. continue to use bigdotof happiness for future events.rating: excellent body: this is really made well, and it is the cutest thing i have been, it is all for my daughter and her upcommong daughter who is due christmas day, my daughter saw this in a book in the dr's office and wanted to due the babys room in ladybugs so i have got everything with red and black ladybugs plus all your items. thanks again.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i just think you are the greatest. always upbeat, ready to help with any concerns. it's a pleasure to hear you on the other end of the phone. you always make me feel like i'm talking to a friend. thanks for everything. susanrating: excellent body: wonderful, couldn't be happier with my order. thank yourating: excellent body: i loved doing business with you. i got my order asap. thanks!! v. wright mineral w., texasrating: excellent body: a great company, when they make a mistake they take care of the problem in record time , awesome customer service i will always recommend this company to everyone!rating: excellent body: this was my first time purchasing from bigdotofhappiness. i was pleased with my service and the items i purchased. when i received the items, they were packaged in the cutest way! very nice! it wasn't just like receiving a normal package, but rather made it special. this is a very fun site and a totally enjoyable shopping experience. normally over the internet you don't get that personal touch as you would in a store, but you do with bigdotofhappiness. i would recommend this site and already have!rating: excellent body: i can't say enough about the service this company provided me. they were extremely professional, but cordial, and funny too. the invitations they did for my daughter's baby shower came out beautifully, as did the extra items i ordered. everything was packaged very well, so no damge happened to the merchandise. i am so satisfied with them that i would not hesitate a second in recommending them to everyone or ordering from them again. fantastic job big dot. thank you.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: excellent merchant and wonderful transaction! big dot offers the widest variety of party supplies and everything is super cute and of very high quality for the price. great value for your money. shipping costs are very reasonable and super speedy delivery --- even to hawaii! will recommend to others again and again! thank you!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: the service was exceptional and all of the products were cuter than they looked online. everything turned out better than expected. thank you so much!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: items even better than i thought they'd be one item went on clearance the day after i made my purchase, and they changed the price and refunded the difference. since i was then under my budget, i was able to purchase nine cute prizes (which were also on clearance) for the baby shower this will definitely be my source for shower stuff from now on.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i'm a customer for life. i love bigdotof happiness. my niece baby shower is this weekend and i'm so excited about it with the decorations by bigdotofhappiness. my daughter will be graduationg in june of 2010 and i look forward to doingin more business with bigdotof happiness. chris j customer for life.rating: excellent body: my satisfaction with dealing with big dot of happiness actually exceeded my expectations. i placed my order, then got this great confirmation of order, that had this little poem, which just made me smile. my order arrived on the exact day that i was told that it would, and everything on the order was correct. the packing was great all the way down to a hand signed card from "elaine" who packed the order. i can honestly say this was best online merchandiser that i have ever dealt with. in today's world, the little personal touches and attention to detail really make a difference. my order was for my daughters baby shower, and it felt like they truly cared that my event was special. thanks "big dot"!! laurarating: excellentrating: excellent body: i loved how they personalized my order. i was very happy with my experience with a big dot of happiness.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: always a great experience adorable products uniquerating: excellent body: very satisfied. nice and unique products. loved all my products. thank yourating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i am a repeat customer and am very happy with the product and quick delivery - even with personalized items!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i am very happy with your service and i would tell other people to shop with you.rating: excellent body: i got this website from a friend that had a baby shower and they had neat gifts. i went on the website and they had alot of stuff. i had a hard time chosing. i will order again if i need to. fast delivery. will recomend to anyonerating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: have order now 3 times and every time has been a pleasure. service is excellent / people are knowledgable and easy to work with. excellent company to deal with.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i couldn't have been happier. they are true professionals and treat each order with care. the company made sure the products are received on time and in good order. the supplies were very high quality and arrived in adoreable packaging with a card with the name of the person who hand-packed the order. we were thrilled with the products and it made such a nice day even better.rating: excellent body: beautiful products and extremely quick delivery!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i am a repeat customer and would definitely recommend to others. i love the on-line chat feature as well as the expert experts going out of their to ensure you happy with your product. and if there's something you wouldlike and they don't carry, they will try to produce themselves if possible. i really appreciate that effort. a great company that produces a great product!rating: good body: competitive price and very quick shipment.rating: excellent body: very pleased with price, quality, communication, packaging, and shipping time. will shop again!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i just confirmed that this company not only has excellent products but outstanding customer service. i've ordered many times from them for my baby shower needs. i recently ordered from bigdot for a bachelorette party but had to also place an order with another company that had more bachelorette products. i got my order from bigdot first, it was very well packaged and it arrived within the time specified. everything was in perfect condition. now, company # 2 took longer, the package was horribly packaged and items were broken. item quality was not great and i have yet to receive communication from them regarding the broken products even though i've tried multiple times to reach them. from now on, i will only shop from bigdot. they always exceed my expectations and product quality is exceptional.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great customer service.... fast shipping.... i will use them again and again.... highly recommended....rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: this store is the best and has great little details for parties and showers-real cute stuff! they even pack your items with love and i'll definitely order from them again when the need arises. after i received my 1st order, i ordered again that same day! i highly recommend bigdotofhappiness.com 5 stars from me!!!!rating: excellent body: "thank you" for the fast shipping and the beautiful products. i will be ordering again from you!rating: excellent body: great products and excellent costumer service. very pleased!rating: excellent body: what a great company! i will refer all of my friends and family for their party supply needs!rating: excellent body: i have ordered from you twice and each time i have ordered i have talked to a very nice person. it is really nice that they asked me what i was buying things for. i had actually 4 different things to buy stuff for and needed it right away and it was helpful that i live in wisconsin because i was able to get my stuff the next day. i loved that. i am sure i will call you again to place another order soon. thanks again, valerierating: excellentrating: excellent body: my total experience with big dot was excellent. the team guided me through the process from start to finish ensuring me that my products would be fabulous and they were. i really loved my invitations and favors. they were beautifuly packaged and shipped with love and care. in fact, everyone that saw them loved them. you really have the personal touch and genuine consideration for making your customers happy. i also loved your rhyming messages. thank you, gwendolyn jrating: excellent body: to summarize my whole purchasing experiences from big dot, i will say that it is excellent indeed! the website is awesome, customer service was excellent (i have used the live chat a couple of times, and it was prompt),ordering was so easy. and one time i got a little bit sidetracked and forgot to choose the design for the labels that i ordered, and they called me right away saying that i forgot to indicate the design style. they made me feel like they truly care. they delivered my stuff so fast it was unbelievable sometimes, and when i get the things that i ordered i am always satisfied because the products were top notch. i always check their website, i should say that i am a big dot of happiness addict. they are so worth it.rating: excellent body: when i placed an order one time, i forgot i had a 10% coupon. i had to call and ask customer service if they could place the 10% off coupon on my order that i just sent. they were the friendliest people i talked to in a long time. they made you feel better even if you were in a bad mood. thank you for being so nice!rating: excellent body: it was a pleasure to do business with them. they have an awesome customer service department. i would definitely buy from them again and would recommend them to my family and friends.rating: excellent body: outstanding!!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: this is my first time purchasing from this merchant and i'm impressed. the prices were outstaning, package came quicker then i expected and i'm very pleased with the products. i would highly recommend bigdotofhappiness and will be back for other future needs!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i am always very satisfied with big dot of happiness in every way except i would like for them to have a larger selection of merchandise. they are wonderful to do business with.rating: excellent body: i ordered my items at very short notice and thought they may not arrive on time. not only did they arrive on time,but they arrived 3 days early. i am very impressed with the merchant and their speedy service. the items i ordered were just what i wanted!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was absolutely pleased with my order and your customer service. i will recommend your site and continue to use it myself for any other events i may have. i have never come across a more efficent and pleasant .com site. your service and selection get high ratings with me! thank you dione srating: excellentrating: excellent body: always a pleasant shopping experience! excellent customer service-very fast response to e-mails...really neat products and packaging!!! ~p. defabritis - satisfied repeat customer~rating: excellent body: the customer service is always excellent! i have shopped big dot of happiness for the last 2 baby showers and for 2 baptisms! i have never been disappointed!rating: excellent body: great site and all my party supplies came quickly and with very special details, i am only sorry i diddnt find this place eariler!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: everyone was so nice! my order was placed accurately and delivered in a timely manner. the website is colorful, exciting and upbeat. i acn't wait to place my next order.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: a complete and total pleasure to ooder from this company. could not have been happier!rating: excellent body: always great service. the people on the phone are always so nice you feel like you are talking to a friend. and i love the phone message that comes before all the chooses of pressing the same no. wish i worked there.rating: excellent body: all the boxes were dirty, everything else was exellent!rating: good body: i love your merchandise. you have plenty of options to get the stuff quickly. i'd love to see another option with cheaper shipper & handling if you don't need it anytime soon. my last order arrived in 3 days even though i used the cheapest method. i didn't need it for 2 months.rating: excellent body: loved the cards i ordered and they came quickly.rating: excellent body: this is a great company to do business with!!!!! excellent products!!! great customer service!!!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great fast service. i'm very pleased with my order.rating: excellent body: the products were just like they were pictured - almost better. they were wrapped in a lovely blue box and bag which i did not realize they would come in. the delivery date was exactly as indicated. i loved the website.thanks.rating: excellent body: i found big dotof happiness.com to be a terrific company to do business with, i needed items for a baby shower and needed to call them since i had made a error in my placed order. the representative was friendly and verywilling to help correct my error. the friendly confirmation and email reminders about my order show i was dealing with people who really care about the customer. the products i received were great and delivered before i expected. i would definitely choose big dot for my next party needs.rating: excellent body: i have not used the things i ordered but they are just adorable. i will let you know after aug 22rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great service, beautiful products, will definately shop here again!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was very satisfied with my recent purchase. this is not the first time we've ordered from big dot before, yet they continue to do an outstanding job. everyone loved the finished piece of product. i was really impressed how they called to confirm on what we wanted exactly on the wrappers to avoid any mistakes. we will definitely continue to order from big dot and most definitely recommend to others.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have ordered from this site several times now and each time i have been extremely impressed with not only the product but packaging of the product, ease of ordering, and how quickly i received my order. i would recommend this company and their site in a heartbeat.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great product. easy to order and quick to deliver. i will definitely use them again & recommend the company to others. very pleased with everything that i ever purchased from them.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: really, your company is one of the best with baby i am.com. we love everything about you. it makes us thrilled when a client orders big dot of happiness, because we know they will feel the same way we do... ecstatic! you guys are awesome! crystal scales baby i am.comrating: excellentrating: excellent body: this vendor was great to work with. i will be going back for all of my party needs. i highly recommend big dot of happiness.rating: excellent body: recently i have done a lot of business with them and have been very pleased with everything! customer service is great! packaging is done really well and very nice presentation!!!rating: excellent body: i've purchased from them many times and have never been disappointed.rating: good body: love all your fun stuff jean frating: excellent body: i ordered my invitations and thank you cards from here and they came on time and in excellent condition. they are so cute! i got a lot of compliments on them.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i recieved very quick responses and shipping from this place. i would definately use them again if i ever need to!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love big dot of happiness. excellent customer service. the selection of merchandise is very big and pretty and the prices are affordable. i will indeed buy again and again from this site!rating: excellent body: awesome, everything got there timely and just as promised!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: thans for you servicesrating: excellent body: my sister loves giraffes! not only were these plates and invitations absolutely perfect for her baby shower, but the price was perfect, too! i will definitely use this website again.rating: excellent body: i was very satisfied with my order and the way it was packaged.rating: excellent body: the lip balm favors were a big hit!!! everyone loved receiving something they could actually use!!!rating: excellent body: excellent products and customer service. i will order again and again from you guys because i love how you care for the smallest details. thank you so much for your great service!rating: excellent body: the big dot of happiness was a pleasure to deal with. just their name brings a smile to your facerating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have purchased several items from other merchants online in my plannings of a baby shower. i was most pleased with the items i received from big dot of happiness and i am very impressed with the quality and the quickness of receiving the items. i will definitely recommend and use big dot of happiness for other events!rating: excellent body: this merchant is exceptional, from entertaining to extrememly helpful and conscientious!!! i can't imagine being any happier with my purchase!rating: excellent body: did not have one single complaint. a pleasure to do business with.rating: excellent body: the items i bought were accurately displayed on big dot of happiness's website. i was more than pleased when i opened the box and realized how much i loved the items. the speed at which the items were processed amazed me. a box full of happiness arrived at my door within a week of my order being placed. i would highly recommend this company to my friends and family.rating: excellent body: very responsive by phone, a discount on order, and very cute merchandiserating: excellent body: wonderful merchant with great selection, prices and speedy delivery.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i searched the internet for the best prices on the little favor jars, and this was the best value out there. i also ordered the modern bride stickers for the jars and topped it off with a bow, and they looked great! guests at the bridal shower also loved the comment pens that we gave out as well. the shipment also of these items was very quick, and i am very pleased at the service. thanks again!rating: excellent body: great site. i really appreciated being able to find little brown baby gifts, invitations and favors. my guests were delighted. everything was beautiful and the quality was superb. usually baby shower gifts are useless and unwanted but a month later and im still getting compliments on the details provided by big dot. the only bad thing is that big dot sends you a gazillion really corny and annoying emails after you make a purchase with them as if you're going to be having a baby shower every weekend for the rest of your life. its annoying and redundant.rating: excellent body: this is my second time ordering from bit dot of happiness. love the products and love the service. especially the emails.rating: excellent body: this was not my first purchase from big dot of happiness, and it won't be my last, either. i was just as happy this time as i was with my last order. everything was exactly as i had ordered it. the labels came perfectly with no mistakes, and the picture was exactly as it appeared on the website. the order also came very fast. i will definitely order from big dot of happiness again!rating: excellent body: delivery was very fast, within 1 week of ordering. items were of exception quality.rating: excellent body: excellent customer service!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was very satisfied with the quality of their product and their service. i will definitely purchase from this merchant again.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: outstanding customer service!! great price for the an item i was specifically looking for. will be back for more!rating: good body: i was under the gun and didn't order enough baby shower favors i placed another order for a few more and they were delivered right on time! i also used the on-line chat to get information on my order and the were excellent at helping me!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: your company had such a great selection of products. your staff was so helpful,and so friendley. they went beyond to help me as i just received a computer, and i wasn't sure how to order. your owner must be very proud of the staff.i was very impressed with the video, and how your company operated.my order was to wed be in canada , this coming wed and i received it last friday. wow now thats fast service. i loved all the prouducts that i ordered, they were awesome. thankyou again, and you can bet i will be ordering again with your company, and i will let my guests know where all my lovely gifts came from. thankyou.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i really like their personal touch. they always take the time to make sure the order is just right. i always feel they want to please their customers and they appreciate my business. the quality of their merchandise is very good and is always wrapped very nicely. i would highly recommend this business.rating: excellent body: i love the variety and quality of the merchandise i purchased. the website is easy to use.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: excellent service and product quality!!!!!!!! will be doing business with big dot in the futurerating: excellent body: great service, loved the products and everything looked just like the pictures online.rating: excellent body: i needed these items for a baby shower that i was working on. i placed my order and within just a couple of hours i had received an e-mail from bigdotofhappiness and ups stating that my order had already been shipped!! i sent the company an e-mail thanking them and within a couple of minutes i had a response to that e-mail as well. i have never found this type of service anywhere...online or local. the staff was very friendly to say the least..that's what i remembered the most. i found that i needed additional supplies to finish my project and knew without a second thought just who i wanted to give my business to. the products that i purchased were very well made, the price was great, and they were so cute.rating: excellent body: they are awesome! i will definately be shopping with them again and recommending them to all of my friends. they were friendly, super-fast and the products were great.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: their customer service a super fast delivery is the reason why i keep coming back! the quality and variety of products is fabulous. i am a loyal customer. this is the only place that i will buy my party goods!rating: excellent body: great every time! thank you!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: the site was easy to manuver. the packaging was great. i will use them again.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i had some trouble ordering on the web site but when i called, the customer service person was wonderful. shipping was great, fast, and accurate. i will definately be back.rating: excellent body: one of the best websites i have ever found to do business with! just wish they carried graduation merchandise so i could order more! i love details...big dot of happiness takes care of every little detail and doesn't miss a thing in customer satisfaction! they make me feel like they truly appreciate my business!!!rating: excellent body: the most helpful, uplifting, special people i have dealt with in ordering things for my daughter's bridal shower. thank you so much!!rating: excellent body: bigdot is simply the best. i forgot to use my coupon code until just after i placed my order. i immediately received a confirmation of my order and at that time mentioned (with hope in my heart) that i forgot to use the coupons. no problem. they immediately credited my account for the coupon. great service. i will continue to use and recommend bigdot.rating: excellent body: fast, friendly, professional service.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: it was the best experience i've had ordering on line! thank you! :o) the shower was a huge success thanks to your service and products. i've passed your site along to friends of mine planning a shower. :o) mona kochrating: excellent body: i was very happy with the experience that i had purchasing from this website. i did have hesitations as i am from australia and in regards to postage but my concerns were quickly put at ease with the quick and helpful response received from the customer service team. i will recommend this company to friends and family and will use them again for future eventsrating: excellent body: my entire experience with big dot of happiness was amazing. i cannot thank them enough for theie outstanding customer service and attention to detail. i will definately shop big dot of happiness in the future and have already told my friends and family about this wonderful experience.rating: excellent body: very fast and accurate. excellent transaction.rating: excellent body: a fun, excellent company to do business with! i've ordered from them previously and have always been 100% satisfied. they give attention to detail, even with the wrapping and shipping. i highly recommend them.rating: excellent body: the customer representative was very helpful and pleasant.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i have shopped with bigdotofhappiness before and i have been pleased with their service every time. i received confirmation that the order was placed, then shipped and my packages were delivered within a week of my placing the order. thanks for another job well done!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: high quality, rapid delivery, great selection.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: speedy delivery and great quality products. will continue to order from bigdothappiness in the future.rating: excellent body: i am a happy repeat customer!rating: excellent body: overall and excellent experience. i would like to have had a bit cheaper shipping, given that my order would have fit into an envelope, otherwise.. great!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: there was a little bit of a mix up in the shipping of my order, but over all i was extremely satisfied with the customer service and merchandise that i received from big dot of happiness! they will definitely be seeing me again soon. thanks so much! you guys are the best!rating: excellent body: due the loss of the baby we have not been able to use the items but i was very pleased with everything to do with this company--from the products to the courtesy of their employees! they called me re:a couple of things and were very nice, informative and caring on the phone. i found them to be a very personable company to deal with and will definitely recommend them to everyone that i know, along with use them personally in the future. in todays day and age it is very refreshing to deal with such an excellent, highly professional company!! it was a very enjoyable experience. please thank them for me. most sincerely, lizz j.rating: excellent body: i wish i could give them more than five stars! great customer service...awesome packaging...and quality products!rating: excellent body: i love this company, they have excellent service and great products!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love this company. i purchased items twice for my daughters bridal shower and was thirlled with everything. i products were great quality, the service was amazing, the choices were amazing and the packaging was first rate. i give them an aaarating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love big dot of happiness. i have ordered 3 times and have had wonderful and quick service. i get so many compliments on their products when i send out the cards. and they have great address labels i will continue to purchase items from them.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness.com is a great site to shop on. i've purchased items from them several times in the past. great experience and will definitely use them again in the future. lindarating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness.com made planning a baby shower for my daughter (my first grandchild) as easy as a click of a (computer) mouse. the most difficult part was deciding which items i wanted from their hugh selection. everything they have is too adorable! my order came quickly and was packaged as cute as the products inside. i did have one small concern that i e-mailed to customer service that was so quickly dealt with, i had to wonder whyi was concerned in the first place. i can't wait until the baby shower so all of our guests can see this stuff. thank you big dot of happiness for making it effortless to host a very special day for my daughter, grandson and our guests! i will definately be recommending this site to friends and family and will look to this site for needs in the future. sincerely, cynthiarating: excellentrating: excellent body: this is my third time to buy from this site and i couldn't be happier with my experience. they add a level of personalization to every order to make you feel special. the products are original, the service is fast, the presentation is adorable, the communication is witty and timely. i would highly recommend this site and have to everyone i know!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: fantastic all the way around. adorable and unique merchandise. i have placed several orders with this company and have been pleasantly surprised each time at not only how quickly they were able to personalize and put myorder together and deliver but also very pleased with the presentation of everything.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: quick response to questions via email and phone call.rating: excellent body: quick, responsive service. good quality merchandise, priced well. fun packaging.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i ordered twice from this merchant for a baby shower i was throwing, and i was extremely pleased with the merchandise. the prices for the favors were great! i will use them again, probably in a few months when i throw abridal shower for my brother's fiancee. i am glad i came across this site.rating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness.com is awesome! i'm in love with their products, their quality, their service, their speed of shipping...i love everything!rating: excellent body: wonderful customer service & super fast service!rating: excellent body: thank you for making this such an easy, simple and enjoyable way to shop! i love the invitations!rating: excellent body: i will be recommending this site to all my friends. because they are excellent. and when i had to return something. they let me return with no problem.rating: excellent body: fast shipping, excellent quality. will always order from this company for all my events!!!!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i absolutely love bigdotofhappiness.com! i have ordered from them 3 times since january 2009! the products are unique, the quality is top-notch and the speed of delivery is amazing! if you don't buy from bigdotofhappiness.com for your next party then it will be missing some pizazz!rating: excellent body: wonderful company to deal with...items just as described...fast delivery. i highly recommend this merchant! :)rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i was very satisfied with my purchase and the merchandise ws shipped asap.rating: excellent body: was very happy with the overall shipment and productrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: once i was able to place my order with this company they were excellent. customer service was great! they were timely in their reponse and wonderful to work with.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: cute box it came in, nicely packaged, awesome product!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness is great i love the items i purchased i cannot say enough about this company. i have passed their name along to many people. love them. karenrating: excellent body: i have never ordered from a place with more outstanding quality and customer service!! they are really out to make sure their customer is taken care of right the first time. i am so glad i found your site. thank you !rating: excellent body: always such friendly & helpful service!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: they are great to deal with- very helpful and cheerful, willing to go that extra mile.rating: excellent body: i was extremely pleased with bigdotofhappiness.com. they had a wide variety of games and helped make our baby shower wonderful! i would use them again for any kind of party needs that i have.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great seller, i look forward to doing business again, very highly recommended, thank you for the great product and speedy servicerating: excellent body: i love the personal touches, creativity and ethusiam of hte company's responses you place and order and when it is shiiped. my daughter told me to tell big dot of happiness she loved the candy bars wrappers and they were and huge hit at her party. great down to every little detail.rating: excellent body: i loved the merchandise - it was so easy to order. when i neglected to enter personalization information for part of my order i got an email and a personal phone call to alert me. thanks!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: perfect as always!!!rating: excellent body: everything arrived on time and we are happy with the entire process.rating: excellent body: the games were packaged beautifully. i'm not good at doing games so this was easy fo me. i would do it again. thanks.rating: excellent body: i was very happy with the items i ordered. it was well packaged and the quality was what i seen on line. it is obious this company takes great pride in their work. i will order from you agian.rating: excellent body: this was a great site to buy bridal and baby shower items. i would definitely purchase from bigdotofhappiness.com again.rating: excellent body: i was very happy to see that you offered multiple shipping options. most places do not offer such a variety. i had already ordered the item and needed additional ones at the last minute. i was extremely happy to have received the items before the promised date. i will definitely shop on this site again!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: bigdotofhappiness.com is fabulous! i can't say enough how wonderful they are. this is the second time i have used them for baby shower invitations, favors and other items. not only is the turn around time incredible, (this last order from initial order to delivery at my door, was less than one week.), but the quality of the papers used, the printing, and the fact that the favors were all set to be placed on tables, make bigdotofhappiness a company i will use time and again, but i will gladly recommend bdoh to my friends as well!rating: excellentrating: good body: i've ordered at least 10 times from big dot, but this time was the slowest processing/shipping i've had. perhaps you've had a pickup in orders, which i congradulate you for, however i've noticed that order => receipt time was about 3-4 days longer then in the past.rating: excellent body: the customer service is so good, always kind and curtious. fast shipping. i never worry when i place an order with this company.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i had a mistake on my invitations when i first received and big dot of happiness made it simple and stress-free to get me new and correct invitations in a day. thanks!rating: excellent body: i recently placed an order with you and was quite pleased with the simplicity of ordering on your website. i received my order on the ship date expected and was more than pleased with the merchandise. all the merchandise was as beautiful as seen on your website. i'm hosting a baby shower and the diaper tiers etc., i ordered are absolutely adorable and all the guests will love them. thank you for making a special occassion even more special with your unique centerpiece items. i would highly recommend your website to all my friends and clients. i was also quite impressed with the personal touches of your staff in keeping me updated on my order status and sending me personal notes on hosting my special occassion. thank you again.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: big dot of happiness actually makes you feel special for placing your order with them! they send you cute little poems to confirm your order. then when it arrives it is wrapped in the happiest wrapper and box ever! arrived sooner than i ever anticipated! very pleased! :)rating: excellent body: i would rate this company as 'the best" i have every dealt with!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: a fun place to shop! the company did a cute job of sending emails with little ditties and rhymes, including coupons for a subsequent order, and made getting wedding shower favors for my sister's wedding a snap. i'd definitely recommend, and shop there again.rating: excellent body: excellent customer service!!!!!! very happy with my wedding invitations!rating: excellent body: excellent and really expensive looking customized invitations for the price of the ones they sell in the stores in packages that you have to hand write. i have ordered twice from them and have not been disappointed. i highly recommend them. their prices and quality cannot be beat!rating: excellent body: my items were delivered right on time. they arrived in great condition. and i love the cute little rhyming e-mails that let you know the status of your order.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: nothing else to say but outstanding!rating: excellent body: every item was "as shown" everything i ordered came even sooner than promised prices were comparible with other sites, some better quality of items just excellent!rating: excellent body: the best place i have ever shopped!! wonderful choices, wonderful prices, wonderful people!! the delivery boxes were the happiest boxes i have ever received!! the e-mails and confirmation notices were adorable!! long live bigdotof happiness!! sandyrating: excellent body: this company is so happy and delightful that you will not believe it plus they have great quality products. i love the fact that the company actually took the time to make cute poem-like sayings for everything and that i actually got a hand written note once with my order!!!!!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: very satisfied with the whole transition. made a wonderful addition to the shower. i would recommend to anyone.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: this was a last minute find and thought. i was concerned it might not make it in time...but candace was a huge help in getting my order placed and shippped as requested. i will and have passed this great site on for folks to use in the future. i too will be ordering and am just looking for a reason to need something special! the wrappers were the talk of the party! many many many thanks to this great company!!!rating: excellent body: i had a great experience with bigdotofhappiness. the order arrived in a record time, and a very pretty box, not the regular shipping box, and of course was complete. the two points i am a little "complaining" about is that i didn't have the page "print order" after i placed the order, so i had to wait for the e-mail confirming it, and also i couldn't use the web-site directly to check on my order, since they didn't make me create an account right away, so i couldn't get back to my order page. but once i got the confirmation e-mail, everything was fine, and i could track the shipping too. and this e-mail arrived in less than 24hrs. on the costumer service side, the e-mails they're sending are really cute, and they make you feel special.thanks bigdotofhappiness !rating: excellent body: planning a very large baby shower was made so much easier with big dot of happiness!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i had a problem with my order and the customer service representative that i worked with was wonderful in helping to resolve the issue immediately. the problem was taken care of in literally minutes!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: i ordered baby shower invitations and they are precious. they arrived exactly on the day promised, beautifully wrapped. you can definitely see that the folks at "bigdots" really care about their products, service, and reputation. i am absolutely going back to order the rest of the items my family and i need for all of our upcoming occasions. thanks for a wonderful experience. jj- nycrating: excellentrating: excellent body: great shopping experience. prompt and efficient. great products.rating: excellent body: big dot of happiness is exceptional in customer service and product options. everything they had to offer was great. my first purchase was a good size and they did everything to make sure it was perfect. which made me purchase from them again.rating: excellent body: website is easy to maneuver. lot's of cute items on the site. great overall shopping experience!!!!rating: excellent body: loved their products.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: all of the items i received for the baby shower were wonderful. the guests were also impressed with the games that were played. i will definately order again. your service and items are excellent. thank you!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love big dot. each and every transaction i have with them is perfect!rating: excellent body: i loved working with big dot of happiness. they exceeded my expectations in every way, especially response, customer service and delivery. i will return to them in the future and enthusiastically recommend them to my friends.rating: excellent body: i through a baby shower for my niece and sister in law and it was the candy bar favors and little feet centerpieces were a hit. i was very please with the quality of the merchandise. it came wrapped so pretty i almost didn't want to open them. the shipping was fast and reliable. i will definately be a returned customer.rating: excellent body: although a little on the pricier side, the invitations were absolutely beautiful. easy to order and shipped in a timely fashion. i would def! order again from this company.rating: excellent body: i placed my first order and was so thrilled with the quality and excellent service that i immediately placed another order. on one item there was a slight glitch, but when i called them, they immediately shipped out the corrected item with a personal letter of apology, a small gift and a gift certificate. the item arrived in plenty of time, and was just as wonderful as all my other purchases. it was an enjoyable shopping experience.rating: excellent body: i've used big dot twice, for both sisters in law baby showers, and couldn't be happier with them. they have a great selection of games, really cute items, easy to use web site and great prices. they really have anything you would need for throwing a shower (although depending on how many prizes you may want for the games you may have to pick up a couple additional items somewhere else). shipments were received prior to the expected date both times, and even the way big dot ships is adorable - cute bags / wrapping. they even send you a personal thank you note just before the day of the shower! i've recommended the site to friends / family, needless to say i will use them for any showers i am involved in as well.rating: excellent body: i encountered one problem with my order and the company rectified it at once. they are very pleasant and efficent to deal with, i would definately recommend them and use them again for sure. good job!rating: excellent body: very good website. easy to use. love the coupons that they send through e-mail and in the packages when you receive them. i received many compliments on the invitations that i purchased. i will use them in the future.rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: i love the bigdotofhappiness website. i am so happy with the products they sell and the interesting poems and (happy?) ways of sending their products. they go over and beyond great in customer service! i was able to use the coupon they sent me, and that's really why i bought more items from them. i've never seen such products, and i would love to see more new stuff from them! great website, fantastic people, unique merchandise!rating: excellent body: i purchased invitations and party favors through big dot of happiness for a baby shower i am hosting. i was pleased with how quickly i received my invitation proof and also with how quickly the order arrived. the packaging is beautiful and they take care of every little detail. the items were just as promised and i have already recommended them to a number of friends. i will definitely use this company in the future.rating: excellent body: even though all i purchased was a sample invitation. it was for a really good price and the way it was presented was fantastic! i recommend this site for all your baby shower needs. the item was delivered way before the expected date and was beautifully wrapped!!!rating: excellent body: great place to buyy from.customer service is the best will answer any question no matter how silly.rating: excellent body: it has been a very pleasurable experience each time i have talked with anyone at bigdogofhappiness.com. they're wonderful to work with - and completely unlike any other company i deal with! i love it and tell everyone about them!rating: excellent body: fabulous website & products. fast delivery & great packaging love it.rating: excellent body: super company..would recommend to everyonerating: excellent body: i am so in love with bigdotofhappiness.com now! when i found their website, i thought their stuff was so cute and affordable. i figured i'd order a diaper cake just to give them a try since i have a baby shower coming up. i was blown away by the whole 'experience'- it really is an experience. the website is well laid out and you can easily order from it. the shipping is both affordable and fast. you immediately receive an adorable email from the company thanking you for the order and then when your package is shipped they email you the tracking information. when i got the package, it was no ordinary box. it's the cutest shipping box i've ever seen! my daughter actually claimed it and is now using it in her room. the products didn't disappoint either. the diaper cake is just as cute as the pictures and i know it will be a hit at the shower. i can't wait to place my next order with bigdotofhappiness.com and definitely recommend them to anyone.rating: excellent body: i had absoloutely no problems with big dot of happiness, they exceeded my expectations as it seemed as if it was shipped immediately and in my mailbox in 2 days. the products are fabulous, the product wrapping is cute, and i would purchase from them or recommend them to anyone i knew it a heartbeat!rating: excellentrating: excellent body: each person i spoke with was extremely helpful, knowledgable and friendly. i'd definitely recommend you and use you again!rating: excellent body: great place to shop at. excellent service. very wonderful and creative product line.rating: excellent body: this is one of the most professional and easy to use websites i have ordered from. i have ordered from them several times and have been more than pleased everytime! i recommend them to anyone i know that is having an event.rating: excellentrating: excellent body: easy , fun website for shopping and viewing. fast delivery and quick response to order placement. very happy with merchandise on two separate orders.rating: excellent body: excellent customer service.rating: excellent body: i was exrtremely happy with my purchase, from the variety to choose from to the way it came packaged and shipped to the quality of the product. i would definately buy from them again in the future! thank you.rating: excellent body: i had to call before ordering and was pleasantly greeted by a very enthusiastic and helpful employee. i then went and placed order online. i ordered expedited shipping and it was sent right out and made it for my event. i was very pleased with the entire experience and will recommend to my friends/family.rating: excellent body: big dot of happiness was one of the best websites that i visited. the products they had, information available on their products, and the ease of ordering is top notch. i enjoyed my experience with big dot of happiness. they kept me in touch on my order status the whole way through and i got my order within the week.rating: excellent body: this was my second order of candy wrappers from big dot...didnt even look anywhere else as i was pleased with my first shipment and felt exactly the same way about the second. would order again from this company !!rating: excellent body: i love the invitations that i ordered and they even came a day earlier than i expected.rating: excellent body: this is one of the best on line stores ever. they are wonderful!!!rating: excellent body: what can i say? i absolutely love this company! i have bought from them a few times over the years for various celebrations, and, they are consistently outstanding in the speed of service/delivery and are super friendly! i plan on continuing to purchase from bigdotofhappiness.com. the package arrived, i could see that they took great care in padding the contents and the quality of the box was outstanding, so it was worth the extra $8.95. thank you big dot!!rating: excellent body: the items i purchased were great, the time they were delivered was amazing and everything is wonderful. thank you!rating: excellent body: i have not seen customer service like this in a long time. this company is wonderful. not only do they have great products...but their customer service is amazing. i will recommend this store to everyone!!! i make alot of purchases online and this is the first time i have ever received a hand written thank you note for my order....it was a pleasant surprise!!!rating: excellent body: wonderful products and service! you really feel like they put extra special attention into every order!!rating: excellentrating: excellentrating: excellent body: the overall shopping experience was excellent. customer service was excellent and the product was adorable. i emailed to find out when my order would ship and got an immediate reply. my daughter was thrilled with her blooming baby. i am sure in the next 9 months i will be ordering more from a bigdot of happiness...thanks for your excellent service and adorable products. a very satisified customer. : )rating: excellent body: i am very happy with this company. ordering was easy, shipping was fast and the service was excellent.rating: excellent body: i shop online frequently, and my experience with bigdotofhappiness (the parent company) was fantastic. we ordered many items in different orders., so we had several contacts with this company. the items were fantastic and the service was perfect. i highly recommend this group, as well as the items they sell. best of the best.rating: excellent body: great sites! ill certainly be using them! ;-)rating: excellentrating: excellent body: great company! i received quality products on all of my purchases. this company went the extra mile to make our family christmas greeting cards look really cool this year. were expecting a new baby and they made our snowwoman look prego. very cute! ive ordered three times with them and have had nothing but great services and products.rating: excellent body: i recently planned & hosted a baby shower for my sister, buying all of the supplies through bigdotofhappiness.com. their customer service was extremely helpful, as well as kind & courteous. my items arrived promptly & in an impecable manner - beautifully wrapped & boxed. also, their products are wonderful! ... i do the majority of my shopping online, & have yet to find another site that could compare!rating: excellent body: i found big dot of happiness to have a large selection of cute shower favors, the prices were good and the cost of shipping and time to ship were great.rating: excellentrelated items in this category:baby shower | birthday party | bridal shower | baptism | wedding anniversary | christmas | clearance you are viewing: top service / testimonials  @ bigdotofhappiness.comcontact ustoll free: 1.800.274.4282email: smiles@bigdotofhappiness.comlive chat: click here to chat now!customer service hours sunday: 3pm-11pm cst monday-thursday: 7am-11pm cst friday: 7am-6pm cstabout usour storyin the presscustomer testimonialsaffiliate program order informationcheck order statusfaqsite mapshippingbig dot of happiness shopsbigdotofhappiness.combabyshowerstuff.comsimplybabystuff.comsimplybirthdaystuff.combridalshowerstuff.comsimplyweddingstuff.com © copyright 1999-2011 bigdotofhappiness, llc. all rights reserved. all content and graphics copyrighted by bigdotofhappiness. view our privacy policy online prices and offers are subject to change without notice.