来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231214838/http://www.bigdotofhappiness.com/blog
================================================================================

big dot of happiness javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. checkout emptycart close recently added item(s) you have no items in your shopping cart. my account my party wish lists sign in big dot of happiness why big dot? | join our email list contact us| live chat |1.800.274.4282 search: search baby shower birthday party other events puppy party shop by color party ideas fun, personalized photo booth props and signs posted on december 31, 2014 by lindsey mattson if you have ever tried to make your own photo booth props, you know that it takes hours of cutting and a lot of ink from your home printer. our photo booth props will make it easy to create fabulous photos at your event - with minimal assembly. you can literally put them together minutes before your guests start to arrive! we offer custom photo booth kits in our most popular themes for all of your life's occasions. baby shower photo booth props are available in girl and boy themes. many have character masks, fun signs and clever personalization suggestions. birthday party photo booth props are great for all ages and come in themes as well as chevron patterns. wedding and bridal shower photo booth kits have a silver shimmer and funny signs for all of your friends and family. and finally, there are kits for everyday events, holidays and season themed props. you are sure to find something for your event and the personalization option will make it absolutely you-nique. we know you want everyone to have a memorable time at your party - and we know you want them to share these photos and tell everyone about it! these fun photo booth props will make sure everyone has share-able photos from your celebration! this post was posted in baby showers, birthday parties, bridal shower, decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, holidays, everyday parties and was tagged with baby shower decorations, 	birthday party decorations, 	bridal shower decorations, 	diy party ideas, 	everyday party ideas holiday candy buffet ideas: shimmering blues and vivid black posted on december 17, 2014 by lindsey mattson style a winter wonderland candy buffet in shimmering blues and vivid black with inspiration from our be merry party decorations. mixing iridescent blue and silver candies with jet black and stark white, this wintery buffet table gave guest an inviting display as they arrived. the backdrop began with white, glitter snowflakes - 3 for $1 - such a deal. plus, they looked magnificent. the different shapes and sizes were the perfect way to begin our holiday candy buffet. next came all of the diy party decorations in the be merry theme. idea 1 | shaped cut-outs glued to toothpicks make ideal cupcake toppers when they are paired with a winter snowflake cupcake wrap. idea 2 | make the perfect party favor with a pyramid-shaped favor box filled with yummy treats. let guests fill their own or pre-pack right before the party. (just be sure to leave enough candy for an impressive display.) idea 3 | similar to the toothpick cupcake toppers but much larger and grander, personalized extra large table confetti glued to kabob sticks will make a great cake topper or buffet table accent. idea 4 | mix and match your candy sizes for a great display. keep it the same color per container so it doesn't get too busy but play with the sizes until you get exactly the right look. idea 5 | the sky is the limit with diy favor wrappers! wrap them around cylinders filled with candies, around large chocolate bars or even drink containers. this holiday candy buffet was completed with chalkboard accents and white serving trays stacked with goodies. find your own party inspiration with these holiday candy buffet tips and you are going to have a fab event! this post was posted in decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, holidays, inspiration board and was tagged with candy buffet ideas, 	diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	everyday party ideas holly jolly christmas party decoration ideas posted on december 10, 2014 by lindsey mattson make your holiday party a frosty wonderland with these fun party decoration ideas and our holly jolly penguin party theme. these little snow friends are here to help you style a memorable winter party. using a white table cover as a base for a holly jolly penguin party then layering with mixed and matched chevron tableware in blue and green adds a little whimsy to these already-adorable penguin decorations. the addition of easy diy decoration ideas allows you to style a party that is especially you-nique. after all the table is set and your diy party crafts are done, it is time for a party backdrop. you can use festive tree ornaments and snowflakes to dress up your windows or hang them in front of a curtain to create a fab photo booth with fun christmas photo props or wintery photo props. add some clever party favors to your perfectly set table and bring the whole party to life! do it yourself party wrappers in the holly jolly penguin theme are super versatile and can be used in multiple ways. use them to dress up your candy buffet containers. next, wrap them around hot cocoa pack party favors and place at each tablesetting. a peppermint candy party favor with a personalized tag to match your hot cocoa pack will complete the look! perfectly styled and full of adorableness, a holly jolly celebration is easy with these personalized party supplies. mix and match to suit your party style and your order will show up in a big dot box that rocks packed just for you. you can kick back and enjoy your celebration because we have done most of the work. it really is the best time of the year. this post was posted in decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, holidays and was tagged with party planning tips, 	candy buffet ideas, 	diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas top 5 crafts for kids: big dot holiday edition posted on december 2, 2014 by lindsey mattson gather your glue and scissors, and your best little crafters, and try out our top 5 crafts for kids for the holidays. these kid-friendly christmas crafts are perfect for a cold and snowy weekend afternoon. you can make fun keepsakes to cherish year after year; gifts for everyone on your list; and even fun decorations that your kids will love to play with throughout the season. santa's reindeer ornament is great for all ages. have the kiddos paint the popsicle sticks a brown color and then help them glue all the piece together. pssst... this one even has a free printable insert! get the step-by-step tutorial > frosty snowflakes ornaments are a simple way to create a keepsake gift for everyone. pick out your favorite color ornament, grab a paint pen, and let your little one write or draw a special message to dad, grandma or grandpa - even their teachers! get the step-by-step tutorial > give this adorable little penguin a frosty home for the holidays with this clever holly jolly penguin snow globe. after gathering a few supplies, you and your kiddos can work together to create this fun holiday decoration. get the step-by-step tutorial > santa's favorite hot cocoa packs are a great way to dress up a fun treat for everyone. this simple gift is great for large gatherings of friends and family, a perfect christmas party favor, and just right for teachers and neighbors. get the step-by-step tutorial > holiday tradition paper chain is a holiday craft for all ages! make it extra special by writing christmas wishes, a winter bucket list, or favorite family memories on the inside of each strip. then read them as you make the chain or tear off one at a time as you celebration draws near. get the step-by-step tutorial > this post was posted in decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, everyday parties and was tagged with diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	everyday party ideas, 	crafts for kids holiday crafts for kids: traditional paper chain posted on december 1, 2014 by lindsey mattson a traditional paper chain is an easy holiday craft that everyone can do. dress yours up with adorable holly jolly penguin shaped cut outs for a festive look. if you want to make it even more memorable, write notes of thanks, holiday wishes or a winter bucket list on the inside of each chain. then, open together each day leading up to your celebration. the supply list: holly jolly penguin cut-outs colored paper strips pen tape step 1 | as a group, write your favorite family traditions or winter activities, even wishes for the new year, on the inside of each paper strip. step 2 | begin by rolling on paper strip, end to end, and taping. step 3 | slide another strip inside, roll end to end, and tape. continue until you have used all of the strips. step 4 | attach a penguin character to the front of every other chain. hang in a fun spot and open throughout the holiday season to view your sweet memories. this post was posted in decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, holidays, tips and tricks, everyday parties and was tagged with party planning tips, 	diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	everyday party ideas, 	diy ideas, 	crafts for kids christmas crafts for kids: santa's favorite hot cocoa pack posted on december 1, 2014 by lindsey mattson perfect for classroom gifts, neighbor gifts or for your friends and family at large gatherings, santa's favorite hot cocoa packs are a way to get the kiddos involved with your gift list. this easy christmas craft will be loved by everyone - especially with a rich dark chocolate cocoa pack surprise on the inside. the supply list: snowy santa circle confetti 10” x 12” kraft paper hot cocoa pack candy canes step 1 | place the kraft paper in front of you on a table, long side facing you. fold up, creating the pocket. step 2 | fold the short ends to the back. use the width of the hot cocoa pack as a guide to get the right size. step 3 | place the hot cocoa pack in the pocket. step 4 | attach the snowy santa party circle to the front with glue step 5 | make a heart with the two candy canes and glue* in place. *hot glue will work best for this step as the candy canes may be a little heavy for regular glue. this post was posted in decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, holidays, tips and tricks, everyday parties and was tagged with diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	everyday party ideas, 	diy ideas, 	crafts for kids holiday crafts for kids: penguin snow globe posted on december 1, 2014 by lindsey mattson give this adorable little penguin friend a swirly whirly world with this easy snowglobe tutorial. with a few craft supplies and a little time, you and your kids will have a fun holiday craft to enjoy throughout the season. the supply list: holly jolly penguin cut-outs (2 of same) large holly jolly confetti circle red snowflake cut-out floral foam & toothpick 9 oz. party cup “snow” confetti step 1 | glue the large party circle to a piece of round floral foam. let dry completely. step 2 | glue holly jolly penguins together, back to back, with a toothpick in the center. leave 1” of pick sticking out at the bottom. let dry. add a dab of glue to pick and insert into center of the base. step 3 | fill 9 oz. plastic party cup with “snow” and snowflake table confetti. tip base over and place on top of cup. turn over. step 4 | add a ring of glue to the cup and base to attach. top off with snow to hide the glue. step 5 | finish with a red snowflake cut-out at the top. display with your other holiday decorations or add a ribbon and use as an ornament. this post was posted in decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, holidays, tips and tricks, everyday parties and was tagged with party planning tips, 	diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	everyday party ideas, 	crafts for kids christmas crafts for kids: snowflake ornament posted on december 1, 2014 by lindsey mattson this frosty snowflakes ornament will hold a special message that you will love to bring out year after year. by having your child write a message on the ornament, you will turn you child's christmas craft into a unique keepsake that will hold his or her handwriting. some message ideas are: i love mom - or dad, grandma, grandpa, etc. their name a drawing of the family a holiday wish the supply list: snowflake cut-outs white ornament blue paint pen ribbon step 1 | thread ribbon at the top eyelet of the ornament. plan your spacing for the snowflake cut-out and loop to hang. tie ribbon. step 2 | glue two snowflake cut-outs together, back to back. tip: gluing just at the sides will allow the ribbon to slip through freely. step 3 | place the ornament in a small bowl to keep it steady. have your child write his message on the front with the paint pen. let dry completely. bonus | for a unique twist on the craft, turn it into a trendy chalkboard ornament. spray paint with chalkboard paint, then follow the same directions above. write on it with chalk or white paint pen. this post was posted in do it yourself ideas, holidays, tips and tricks, everyday parties and was tagged with diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	everyday party ideas, 	crafts for kids christmas crafts for kids: santa's reindeer ornament posted on december 1, 2014 by lindsey mattson while all of the other reindeer are off playing reindeer games, you and your kiddos can be having some fun celebrating rudolph and santa claus. this fun christmas craft is great for both adults and kids - and will give you something special to add to your tree year after year. begin by printing our santa and rudolph be merry insert, then collect the rest of the supply list and start crafting! click here to download the pdf and then print on your home printer with colored ink. the supply list: reindeer cut-outs brown paint & brush popsicle sticks & glue ribbon & be merry insert (or photo) step 1 | collect 4 popsicle sticks + one end, about 1” long. paint all of the sticks brown, let dry. step 2 | space out two sticks, about the length of one stick. glue one stick at the top & a second stick midway. step 3 | glue the reindeer cut-out at the top right corner and the tail at the top left corner. step 4 | turn your reindeer over. glue your be merry insert or photo insert at the sides & bottom. step 5 | thread ribbon at the top of the reindeer and tie with a knot. hang from your tree or with your other decorations and enjoy. this post was posted in decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, free printables, holidays, tips and tricks and was tagged with free printables for parties, 	diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	everyday party ideas, 	free printables, 	crafts for kids your party style: thanksgiving table setting ideas posted on november 19, 2014 by lindsey mattson the look and feel of your event completely depends on your party style. from shimmering elegance to crafty casual, these thanksgiving table setting ideas will inspire you to host a memorable event that is perfectly you-nique. each thanksgiving party featured below was styled with the same give thanks theme, showcasing different uses for the party supplies to easily create stylish thanksgiving table settings.  by swapping a few items, you can create the look you want for an impressive event. if you dream of a thanksgiving party full of glittery goodness, fine china and a table that makes everyone ooh and ahh, this elegant thanksgiving table setting (above) will inspire your tables in the upcoming holiday. the party theme began by customizing party invitations as menu cards for each guest, then a beautiful thanksgiving table setting was planned. a key piece in this tablescape is the impressive table runner. customized with your name at the sides, this extra-wide runner eliminates the need for individual placemats. top it off with a neutral charger, white and gold china, and a pine cone place card for a dramatic thanksgiving table. then give your guests an unexpected treat by adding a shaped favor box to each spot. fill it with decadent chocolates and they will have a take-home sweet treat to enjoy. shop this elegant thanksgiving table setting: shaped favor box // menu cards // table runner // place cards creating a more casual atmosphere without sacrificing an impressive thanksgiving table is easily done by mixing chevron party supplies with the give thanks party theme (above). laying your table with coordinating party supplies, and mixing in a few diy decor elements, will make this party one to remember! a simple white tablecloth and custom placemats at each spot laid the foundation for this chic casual thanksgiving table. the black plates paired with gray chevron plates brought out the chalkboard inspired theme of the party (and will make clean-up a breeze!). shaped cut outs offered numerous easy diy craft ideas to bring the entire table to life. by adding one on top of each napkin and to the front of mason jar mugs, the party was fabulously festive. place cards attached to pinecones finished off this stylish thanksgiving table. shop this casual thanksgiving table setting: placemats // gray chevron plates // shaped cut-outs // place cards what's your party style? do you have any fun decorations planned or family traditions? share them below in the comments. this post was posted in decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, holidays, everyday parties and was tagged with party planning tips, 	diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	chevron party supplies, 	everyday party ideas 856 items previous 1 2 3 4 5 ... 86 next search categories baby shower birthday party bridal shower baptism party graduation party everyday parties videos connect with the dots join our email list: be the first to hear about exclusive sales, new products, tips & party inspiration + new friends receive 10% off! be liked. be creative. be amused. be inspired. be current. #happydot contact us call toll free: 1.800.274.4282 email: smiles@bigdotofhappiness.com live chat customer service hours monday-friday: 8am - 5pm cst about us our story in the press customer testimonials video gallery affiliate program customization site info privacy policy site map order information order status faq shipping © 2015 big dot of happiness, llc. all rights reserved.