来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20150905131414/http://www.bigdotofhappiness.com/blog
================================================================================

big dot of happiness javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. checkout emptycart close recently added item(s) you have no items in your shopping cart. my account my wishlists sign in big dot of happiness contact us | order status | live chattext: 715.505.4004 | call: 1.800.274.4282 search: search baby shower birthday party other events graduation shop by color party ideas free printable graduation certificate posted on may 13, 2015 by lindsey mattson graduation season is upon us and everyone is excited for the graduating class to walk across the stage and start a new chapter in their lives. besides the graduation of young adults ready to take on the world, there are other students who also deserve recognition for their accomplishments. the youngest of students graduating from kindergarten will enjoy a kindergarten diploma while even younger ones leaving pre-k to begin the first year of their school days will find joy in a 4-year-old kindergarten diploma. home school students with grand achievements can be recognized with a certificate of completion that you can print and hand out. printable certificates of completion are also great for sports, special classes, extra curricular activities and community events. whatever the occasion, a free printable certificate is sure to bring a smile to the recipients face! there are 3 options for you free printable certificate of completion: the word doc printable is ready for you to enter all of the necessary text. use the text boxes to add your students name, the academic institution and the date. then print and sign. the adobe pdf is a great option if you want to print and hand write the necessary info. the photo jpg is another option if you do not have microsoft word or adobe programs. simply click to open the image and print using the letter-sized print settings in you printer's program. this post was posted in do it yourself ideas, free printables, graduation and was tagged with free printables for parties, 	party planning tips, 	diy party ideas, 	graduation party ideas, 	diy ideas, 	free printables shimmer & shine: glitter party supplies for all occasions posted on may 6, 2015 by lindsey mattson glitter adds a special shimmer to any event and now you can fill your space with shining party supplies. all of our glitter-inspired party decorations are printed on heavy card stock paper with glitter image so there is zero clean-up afterward. have you ever tried to clean a room of actual glitter? it will be there. forever. seriously, real glitter is a party nightmare! our chick pink, black and gold birthday party themes are available for two milestone events, 30th and 40th birthday celebrations. each adult birthday party theme has vivid black with gold accents, along with two tones of pink. the perfect inspiration to begin styling an impressive event. with the right custom party supplies and a few balloon bouquets, you will have an extra special party for your guest of honor. for trendy brides-to-be, the glittery gold or silver mr. & mrs. bridal shower themes are the perfect choice. with a black and white color base and glittery accents, you can easily pull in the bride's favorite colors when you choose balloons and streamers as accents to your custom party decorations. the shimmer and shine is also a great way to honor the accomplishments of your graduate. whether it is from high school or college, our tassel worth the hassle in gold or silver will properly celebrate reaching their school-year goal. begin with custom party supplies in the shining gold or silver and then add accents of their school colors - either of the school they just completed or of the school they are headed too. this sophisticated theme is perfect for both girls and boys. how will you be celebrating with glitter? tell us below in the comments. this post was posted in birthday parties, bridal shower, graduation and was tagged with party planning tips, 	birthday party decorations, 	bridal shower decorations, 	diy party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	graduation party ideas big dot local events: birthday parties posted on april 22, 2015 by lindsey mattson for more than 16 years, big dot of happiness has been the party experts offering unique party themes and custom party supplies to everyone via our website, bigdotofhappiness.com. we love creating you-nique events, celebrating life's occasions and making memories with every big dot hostess hero. because of our passion for celebration, we are excited to offer our local central wisconsin hostess heroes a party room for their special events. the big secret is: we do it all! yup, we will set-up, tear down and host the party activities in between. you can take all the credit for the fabulous party but if you want to brag about us afterward, we'll let you. this canvas painting event was done in our owl girl party theme to celebrate paige's 10th birthday. with painting instruction for 8, complete photo booth, balloons, tableware, custom decorations and party hats, as well as cupcakes and snacks, this event was a total hit! the best part was seeing the smiles on everyone's face. the girls loved the private art class and the option to make their painting you-nique while mom loved showing up to an impressive birthday party that her daughter will never forget. if you live in central wisconsin and want to plan an impressive event, i would love to help you. we can style the perfect birthday party, create custom art for a bridal shower, or help celebrate a milestone event for any of life's special occasions. call me - your party is waiting! lindsey, event coordinator 1.800.274.4282 // funevents@bigdotofhappiness.com this post was posted in big dot culture, birthday parties, real parties, mom must-haves, big dot local party store and was tagged with party planning tips, 	big dot culture, 	birthday party decorations, 	diy party ideas, 	big dot local events vintage travel theme: precious cargo baby shower posted on april 3, 2015 by lindsey mattson nothing says baby on board better than a precious cargo baby shower. this vintage travel-inspired theme comes in blue or pink and will delight all of your friends and family! shop precious cargo girl >      shop precious cargo boy > a. cupcake wrappers | each precious cargo themed cupcake decoration has our fun plane icon and says "hello world." b. hanging decorations | one of the best ways to fill your party space is to add decorations to the ceiling. each precious cargo baby shower hanging decor has a postcard feel with an air mail post mark. c. mint tins | no baby shower is complete without a fun take-home party favor for each guest. custom mint tins will be a keepsake everyone holds onto long after the party is over. d. candy boxes | party themed treats look so much better when they are displayed in a fun container. this vintage mail themed candy box is perfect for all sorts of small snackables! e. scratch-off game | whether you have a rowdy crowd who loves games or a small group that just wants to chat, scratch-offs are a great -and easy- baby shower game. f. shaped cut-outs | these versatile diy cut-outs are a party must-have. attach them to toothpicks and use a cupcake picks; scatter them along the tables; hole punch and string as a garland banner - the possibilities are endless! g. shop precious cargo girl | this theme is perfect for the jet-setting mom who loves all things travel. decorate in pinks and neutrals to bring the entire theme to life. h. shop precious cargo boy | every mommy-to-be with a love for vintage chic will adore this baby shower them. blues and neutral decorations will set this precious cargo baby shower apart from all the rest! this post was posted in baby showers, decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas and was tagged with baby shower decorations, 	baby shower favors, 	baby shower games, 	party planning tips, 	diy party ideas, 	baby shower invitation ideas, 	baby shower favor ideas, 	diy ideas, 	presious cargo baby shower western party ideas: little cowboy theme posted on march 18, 2015 by lindsey mattson with a few do-it-yourself party supplies and some key decorations, you will be able to create an impressive western party. the little cowboy theme is perfect for baby showers or birthday parties. read below for tips and tricks on these party decoration ideas. this party was all about diy. personalized circle labels in the little cowboy theme are a key component to this entire event. they were used multiple ways to bring the theme to life and perfectly coordinate all aspects of the buffet table. with the addition of beverage labels, little cowboy tableware and cookie toppers, this backyard event was a ready for a good time! 1 custom food picks // by attaching two circle labels, back-to-back, around a toothpick, these food picks dressed up the bbq buffet. 2 theme tableware // nothing dresses up a table better than themed tableware. by adding a fun plate and napkin, as well as a matching cup, to your buffet table or at each placesetting on the dining tables, you bring the party theme to all aspects of your event. 3 custom beverage labels // cover unsightly labels and printing on all of your beverages. these wraps are perfect for water bottles, soda cans and bottles, juice boxes and any other single-serving beverage container. 4 personalized party favor // a miniature tin bucket planted with a shoot of aloe is a great parting gift for all of your guests. dress it up with custom circle label and you have a wonderfully personalized party favor everyone will love. planning an impressive party doesn't have to break the bank. with these few diy party supplies and creative uses, you can also host a perfectly themed and customized event. this post was posted in baby showers, birthday parties, decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, inspiration board and was tagged with baby shower decorations, 	baby shower favors, 	baby shower tableware, 	birthday party decorations, 	diy party ideas, 	little cowboy party ideas, 	baby shower favor ideas, 	little cowboy real parties: under the sea critters baby shower posted on march 13, 2015 by lindsey mattson hostess hero shyla created this amazing under the sea critters baby shower for mommy-to-be, crystal. her use of return address labels and round sticker labels to create these themed, personalized diy party favors with soap was a hit! from shyla: "these stickers came in handy to make our party favors pop!! soap wrapped in netting!! love it!!!" see the rest of this adorably styled under the sea baby shower: this post was posted in baby showers, do it yourself ideas, real parties and was tagged with baby shower decorations, 	baby shower favors, 	party planning tips, 	baby shower tableware, 	diy party ideas, 	under the sea critters party ideas, 	baby shower favor ideas, 	diy ideas tassel worth the hassle: grad party theme posted on march 4, 2015 by lindsey mattson celebrating a high school or college graduation is an exciting time for everyone. the graduate has big accomplishments to be proud of while friends and family want to be there to recognize all of the hard work put in to reach those goals. custom graduation party supplies are a great way to make this life accomplishment memorable for years to come. our tassel worth the hassle theme is a striking black and white design and you can choose from glittery gold or silver accents. use the fun cut outs and extra large table confetti to complete all of your diy projects and create fun favors for the graduation party then add a custom banner and photo party wraps to complete the decorations. the graduation hat bottle toppers are a big hit at every grad party. add them to you beverage bar for a you-nique touch. the addition of graduation photo booth props will finish off the event and give everyone fun photos to look back at long after the party is over! this post was posted in do it yourself ideas, inspiration board, graduation and was tagged with party planning tips, 	candy buffet ideas, 	diy party ideas, 	graduation party ideas, 	under the sea critters party ideas grad party ideas: graduation photo booth props posted on february 18, 2015 by lindsey mattson graduation party photo booth props are a fun addition to your grad party, senior lock-in or other school event. graduation photo booth props come in gold and black or silver and black. each set of props come with 20 different pieces, including 2 custom talk bubbles. friends and family of all ages will enjoy taking pictures with the graduate at the party. seniors will also enjoy them and the memories they make at end-of-year events. take the fun up a notch by adding a photo booth backdrop. this one was created using black ribbon and extra large party circles from our tassel worth the hassle graduation party theme theme. gold personalized graduation party table confetti are a great diy party supply for any event. by attaching them back-to-back around lengths of ribbon, they were an easy photo booth backdrop for these grad party photos. this post was posted in do it yourself ideas, graduation and was tagged with party planning tips, 	diy party ideas, 	graduation party ideas big dot of happiness' local party store & events is now open! posted on february 11, 2015 by lindsey mattson we are excited to announce the opening of big dot of happiness' local party store & events located in menomonie, wisconsin. we ship nationwide but if you are lucky enough to be near our store, please stop by and see what we can do for you. we offer same-day pick-up* on personalized items, private room rental for your celebration and fun, instructional community events. come on over - your party is waiting. there is always something fun going on inside the dot. connect with our new local big dot facebook page to get our community events calendar updates, then keep scrolling to see how we can help make your party remarkable! the party shop // our lobby is designed to inspire you as you plan an event. with displays and diy party ideas, as well as expert experts ready to help, you will be able to host an amazing celebration. along with our pre-printed party supplies, we also offer same-day printing and pick-up* of all personalized party decorations. we will even blow up your party balloons with helium. that means you can walk in with a vision and walk out with a complete, you-nique party. local events & calendar // we have taken one-stop party shop to a new level by offering a party room perfect for your event! our upstairs community room in our menomonie, wi facility is perfect for all events. we can help you celebrate a birthday party or baby shower. even your club's special meetings have a place to go when you use our community room. beyond a meeting space and private party room, we are also filling our community room calendar with art events that are open to the public. we are currently offering canvas painting parties but are hoping to bring a variety of events to the menomonie area. we are always looking for new workshop instructors so please contact us if you would like to add an event to our calendar. *same-day printing and pick-up of personalized party supplies applies to local orders received before 12 pm cst. if we receive your order after 12 pm cst, your order will be ready for pick-up the next day. this post was posted in uncategorized, big dot culture, birthday parties, bridal shower, decorating ideas, do it yourself ideas, holidays, graduation, everyday parties, big dot local party store and was tagged with baby shower decorations, 	party planning tips, 	baby shower tableware, 	birthday party decorations, 	diy party ideas, 	everyday party ideas ooh, la la - paris themed party & decorations posted on february 4, 2015 by lindsey mattson pretty in pink and perfectly styled to celebrate a baby shower or girl birthday party, the ooh, la la - paris themed party will inspire a fabulously french celebration. très chic! this adorable paris party was created by mixing pre-made party decorations with clever uses for diy craft supplies in the same theme. use inspiration from our pink, black and white color palette to create your own trend-setting event that everyone will love. j'adore! the paris favor boxes and cupcake wraps are a party staple and come ready to use. they are personalized, printed and cut specifically for your party so you can focus on the fun stuff like shopping for the perfect favors to go inside each favor box! next, bring a personal touch to the event with these clever and easy do it yourself craft ideas: shaped cut outs // these cut outs come in a kit of black bows, pink perfume bottles and eiffel tower shapes. the bows were attached to toothpicks and used as cupcake toppers; the perfume bottles were added to square plastic containers filled with candy; and the eiffel towers were attached to the front of tiny martini gasses filled with chocolate candies. extras can be scattered along dining tables and the gift table. personalized table confetti // this is a diy party supply that sometimes gets overlooked for just how versatile it can be. attached to ribbon, it makes an adorable garland for the front of the tables. we used the paris shape from the photo booth prop kit for the center - ooh, la la! the black and white striped tablecloth and white table cover make the displays complete. adding a custom paris centerpiece kit and a black round candy kit to fill each table makes the party pop. c'est la vie! this post was posted in baby showers, birthday parties, bridal shower, decorating ideas, inspiration board, tips and tricks and was tagged with baby shower decorations, 	birthday party decorations, 	bridal shower decorations, 	diy party ideas, 	paris party ideas 867 items previous 1 2 3 4 5 ... 87 next search categories baby shower birthday party bridal shower baptism party graduation party everyday parties videos connect with the dots join our email list: be the first to hear about exclusive sales, new products, tips & party inspiration + new friends receive 10% off! be liked. be creative. be amused. be inspired. be current. #happydot contact us call toll free: 1.800.274.4282 text us: 715.505.4004 email: smiles@bigdotofhappiness.com live chat customer service hours monday-friday: 8 am - 5:30 pm cst about us why big dot our story in the press customer testimonials video gallery affiliate program custom requests color chart site info privacy policy site map order information order status faq shipping big dot local retail party store local events events calendar bookings & reservations © 2015 big dot of happiness, llc. all rights reserved.