来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181222205713/http://www.bigdotofhappiness.com/blog
================================================================================

big dot of happiness javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. checkout emptycart close recently added item(s) you have no items in your shopping cart. my account my wishlists sign in big dot of happiness contact us | order status | about us live chat  | call: 800.274.4282 search: search baby shower birthday party by age bridal shower grad sports occasions holiday questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software party ideas cheers to the new year party decorations posted on december 26, 2018 by emily stubbe forget about your new year's resolution, you have a party to plan! cheers to 2019 with these impressive new year party decorations that everyone will be talking about! with so many options it will be hard to choose from bar accessories and photo booth prop kits to the party favors and diy supplies. the gold new year's eve party theme will have everything you need to make a show stopper! everyone will be ready to clink glasses and toast to the new year, so make sure your beverage bar is one to impress! create a festive area for drinks and champagne with these easy party tips. have all your beverage bottles coordinate perfectly when you add the new year's eve sticker drink labels. simply apply the labels to wine, beer, or mini champagne or wine bottles for a drink station everyone will gather around. don't let anyone misplace their glasses with the 2019 wine glass markers that fit a variety of glassware. simply have your guest write their name on the back when they arrive. pass the time away with the fun drink if... party games, can you picture it, charades, selfie scavenger hunt, or drink when drinking game. perfect for family and friends at home or for a fun night out and about as you wait for the clock to strike midnight! once the guests have their perfect drink get ready to capture the moment with fun new year's eve photo booth props. style an impressive photo booth station with a variety of funny photo booth props, new year's eve glasses, and large photo booth frame and props! it's sure to be a hit for all ages! add the finishing touches with diy party supplies and favors in a variety of new year's eve party supplies. choose from candy treat boxes, popcorn boxes, diy wrappers, and shape cut-outs that are sure to make everyone glad they came to your new year's eve party. grab coordinating candy boxes, popcorn boxes, and classic favor boxes to fill with sweet or salty treats for your buffet table, or scattered throughout the party! you can even use them as thank you gifts for each guest, filling them with small trinkets. add shaped cut-outs in a variety of ways to add that final "pizazz" to your party decorations. use the shaped cutout and party straw decor kits at your beverage bar or by each place setting as a drinking straw or attached to stirring sticks or glassware. easily scatter the shaped cut-outs around the buffet tables along with the circle confetti kits! with endless possibilities and so many new year's eve party supplies to choose from, without a doubt your new year's party will be one to talk about well after the clocks strike midnight. not sure where to begin for your new year's eve party? start with the top 5 new year's eve party supplies! this post was posted in inspiration board, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas and was tagged with new year's eve, 	holiday tips and tricks, 	holiday party ideas, 	party planning tips fun tabletop standups party decorations! posted on december 21, 2018 by emily stubbe these new tabletop standups add dimension and fun to your party decorations! these fun shaped cutouts are quick and easy to assemble! the set of 7 themed standups are printed double-sided on sturdy plastic and come with two bases perfect for a birthday party or baby shower. adding these fun accents to your candy buffet, gift table, or any tabletop throughout the party. with proper care, these centerpiece table decor kits can be reused again and again for multiple celebrations! simply disassemble the standups to store flat, using less space. these study standups are so veritable and are sure to make a festive statement however you decide to use them! themes pictured: adult gold - 50th birthday party theme woodland creatures baby shower or birthday party theme flamingo - party like a pineapple baby shower or birthday party theme more baby shower, birthday, anniversary, and everyday party themes available. this post was posted in everyday parties, tips and tricks, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas, bridal shower & anniversary, birthday parties, baby showers and was tagged with assembly instructions, 	tabletop standups elf squad christmas or birthday party decorations posted on december 11, 2018 by emily stubbe have yourself a merry little elf-mas with these cute elf squad party decorations perfect for a holiday or kids birthday party. the elf squad is ready to help you style a party for everyone on your nice list. give your guest something to talk about with your beverage bar full of jingle juice. add funny wine bottle labels for the adults to enjoy, and create kid jingle juice with the water bottle label stickers, giving children of all ages plenty of jingle juice options! add a pop of red and green throughout with diy wrappers that can also be added to beverages, use as a napkin wrap for your silverware, or as a thank you gift when wrapped around a box of crayons, candy or small gift. place special treats from santa inside favor boxes or wrap mini or standard candy bar with the festive green and red elf squad wrappers. use the circle stickers to close up goodie bags or seal your elf squad party invitations! then tie it all together with a fun "merry christmas" banner to hang above the table or near the food. make your elf christmas memorable for your entire family with elf note stickers! they're perfect for the days leading up to christmas and leaving notes, activities, and special deliveries from your elf. shaped cutouts can be used throughout your party. use a hole punch on the cutouts to create gift tags, or tie with string and hang them from the ceiling. leave them to scatter on the table or use the dessert treat picks to add flair to your cupcakes. grab the festive straw decor and use at your beverage bar or leave at the place settings. the options are endless! remember your little one's first birthday with a smash cake kit or high chair banner. get everyone in the party mood with mini or standard cone hats and play classical elf squad bingo! an easy holiday game that everyone will have fun playing! your elf squad christmas or birthday party will be one to remember long after your elf returns to the north pole and the cany is eaten when you use elf squad party decorations! this post was posted in christmas & winter, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas, birthday parties, uncategorized and was tagged with elf, 	diy ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	diy party ideas, 	birthday party decorations pink winter onederland - girl's 1st birthday party! posted on december 6, 2018 by emily stubbe take a stroll in a pink winter onederland of fun with the snowflake first birthday or winter wonderland party! the soft pink with the white and silver snowflakes make this theme "snow" much fun!  brighten up the party photos with funny photo booth props, festive shaped photo props, and snowflake themed photo frame! have them scattered throughout the party or near the entrance as guests arrive. grab classic favor boxes to use as a thank you gifts, or fill candy boxes with sweet treats everyone will enjoy! add a diy bottle wrapper to your beverages or wrap around your silverware at each placesetting. options are endless with snowflake favor boxes! pink winter wonderland is an adorable way to decorate a snowflake holiday event! from your baby girl's 1st birthday to a company holiday party the variety of pink winter wonderland diy party supplies will bring all you winter party ideas to life! scatter sweet treats throughout the party and in the middle of the table with mini candy bar wrappers or hershey's kisses stickers. have fun at any birthday or holiday event with this collection of pink winter wonderland! 1st birthday smash cake kit, adult party cone hats or mini cone hats will help complete your birthday party! a snowflake party will be a great way to celebrate, it's even available in a pale blue for a boy's 1st birthday winter onederland! this post was posted in christmas & winter, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas, birthday parties and was tagged with 1st birthday party, 	onederland, 	winter wonderland, 	party planning tips plan the perfect party with these holiday must haves! posted on november 28, 2018 by emily stubbe make your christmas and holiday party one to remember when you decorate with these holiday must-haves. whether you are creating an impressive outdoor yard display or merry and bright beverage bar for your family and guest to celebrate, these festive holiday themes will help style a fun winter party. this list of must haves has everything you need to bring your party ideas to life! 1) christmas & holiday lawn decorations are a fun way to decorate for the holly jolly season! get festive with your space, both inside and out! make it easy for santa, and help him find your house to deliver your presents! 2) you know pictures will be taken at your winter party, why not make them memorable? christmas & holiday photo booth prop kits are the perfect addition for any company event, family gathering or any kid party! get ready to take that perfect "elfie" this holiday season with your guests! 3) brighten up your guests' beverages with shaped wine glass markers. or send some christmas cheer with easy to attach labels for wine bottles, mini spirit bottles, and beer bottles. you cannot go wrong with wine or beer bottle labels and accessories! 3) not sure what to get your child's teacher, the co-worker down the hall, or a distant relative? give the gift everyone will love!  fill these christmas and holiday money holders with cash or gift cards to their favorite store. 5) finish off your holiday party theme with fun diy decorations. these shaped cutouts are so versatile there is no limit to making your party you-nique! everyone will enjoy these fun christmas and holiday party decorations and diy supplies! bonus! make sending holiday cards to your loved ones easier with these festive address labels, they include free personalization! perfect for your christmas cards or any holiday or winter invitation, giving them a cheerful finished look! your holiday party will be one to remember long after the needles have fallen off the christmas tree when you use these holiday decorations supplies! happy holidays! this post was posted in christmas & winter, tips and tricks, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas, uncategorized thankful for you! - it's true! posted on november 21, 2018 by emily stubbe wishing you and your family a festive and blessed thanksgiving! from all of us at big dot of happiness this post was posted in meet big dot, halloween, fall & thanksgiving, uncategorized pumpkin streusel muffins - perfect for thanksgiving! posted on november 15, 2018 by emily stubbe in my family, we always have a ton of leftover pumpkins. so we turn them into pumpkin puree and freeze some for the cold winter days. a few weeks ago when i was home, and i helped my mom freeze some pumpkin. she asked if i wanted any, i replied: "sure if it's cooked". so we looked through recipes to find some new ones to try.  we came across a pumpkin muffin with streusel toppings, made a few adjustments and fell in love! these muffins are super tasty, quick and easy to make. simply perfect for any fall or thanksgiving feast! i love streusel anything! the more streusel, the better. so make sure when you add the streusel divided it evenly so each muffin has some. or you will just have to improvise and create additional toppings for the "bare" muffins. ...oops. i think they still look and taste good! simply added a cinnamon royal icing to the few muffins that did not have streusel... lesson learned! if you like streusel double the batch! ? or sprinkle some on all, instead of loading them on to the first few. so, in the end, i had three "different" types! all the same pumpkin muffins, but three different toppings. streusel, streusel with icing, and just icing! i also love how the dessert picks made for quick and easy decorations. friends giving or thanksgiving will be a breeze to decorate! simply attach the shaped cutouts to the clear plastic picks with the included clear stickers! you can grab these here! or decorate them with festive cupcake wrappers! add the cupcake wrappers after the muffins are done cooling for an added touch of fun! they're perfect! don't forget the three-piece stand set, they are easy to assemble! best part, with proper care they can be reused again and again for another fun event! save the recipe now, make it later! happy eating! grab the recipe here - free download printable. this post was posted in recipes, free printables, halloween, fall & thanksgiving, real parties, tips and tricks, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas and was tagged with elegant thankful for friends - friendsgiving party, 	free recipe, 	three piece stand display, 	cupcake stand, 	cupcake wrappers, 	treat picks, 	give thanks, 	pumpkin streusel muffins, 	pumpkin, 	holiday party ideas, 	free printables creep it real with halloween monsters party supplies posted on october 19, 2018 by lindsey mattson invite your friends and family to shake their bones at your halloween monsters party! this collection of halloween party decorations features classic halloween characters, ready to set the scene for a fang-tastic event. offer your guests a photo op that they can't resist with these funny halloween photo booth props. funny sayings, halloween character masks, happy halloween photo frames and monster theme party paddles are all a great way to get your guests ready for party pics. next, give your guests a fun way to mark their beverages when you use halloween straw decor and wine glass markers. each halloween monster is cut in a fun shape to make them really stand out among your other halloween party decorations. while you are filling your inside party space with festive halloween party decorations, be sure to remember to add some fun halloween monsters to your outside space. both party guests and trick-or-treaters will delight in seeing these clever yard signs greeting them as they arrive. halloween monsters are a classic halloween theme that will be great for any party with guests of all ages! this post was posted in halloween, fall & thanksgiving, inspiration board, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas and was tagged with halloween party ideas, 	diy ideas, 	everyday party ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	diy party ideas witch way to the candy? happy halloween party ideas posted on october 18, 2018 by lindsey mattson celebrate your boo crew with a witchy happy halloween party theme. this collection of halloween party supplies has everything you need to host the perfect event for any age. begin by making easy halloween party favors using candy boxes, favor containers and treat wrappers. each favor box and wrapper will coordinate with the rest of the collection, making your buffet tables and place settings stand out. happy halloween treat boxes and wrappers are also fun to use for all of your trick-or-treating goodies, giving them that extra-special touch. top off your buffet goodies with witch hat and feet treat picks, shaped cut outs and round die cut tags for all your diy party accessories, and then add a fun "happy halloween" letter banner to hang above the table. your guests are sure to arrive in their best costumes and you will want to have photos to prove it! happy halloween photo booth props are a great way to get your guests ready for shareable party pics. the funny sayings will add to their photos while the glasses and halloween shapes will give those who aren't dressed up a fun photo accessory. give your adult guests something to talk about when you use beverage labels on all of your drinks. happy halloween wine bottle labels in standard and mini sizes are a crowd favorite while beer bottle labels will fit both beer and soda bottles. finish off your beverage bar with happy halloween straw decor and wine glass markers to give your guests a creative way to identify their drinks. really get the party going with unique halloween party games. drink when... game cards are great for your scary movie events. with drink prompts related to typical scary movie occurrences, your boo crew will love enjoying classic halloween movies while they play this drinking game. next, be sure you have plenty of party pics when you play the halloween selfie scavenger hunt game. add halloween dare cards and a deck of drink if... game cards to finish off a fun night of halloween party games. finally, take your halloween party decorations to the next level by filling your outdoor space with witch themed lawn ornaments. large happy halloween yard letters are great for letting everyone know where the party is while greeting neighbors and trick-or-treaters. funny halloween sayings will get plenty of laughs as your friends and family approach the party entrance while clever halloween street signs direct them to broomstick boulevard or creepy crawly lane. your halloween party will be remember long after the masks are off and the candy is eaten when you use happy halloween party decorations! this post was posted in halloween, fall & thanksgiving, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas and was tagged with halloween party ideas, 	diy ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	diy party ideas eat, drink & be scary: day of the dead party supplies posted on october 15, 2018 by lindsey mattson make your dia de los muertos one to remember when you decorate with these sugar skull decorations. whether you are creating an impressive day of the dead altar for your family celebration or using the sugar skull theme to style a fun halloween party, this collection of party supplies has everything you need to bring your party ideas to life! welcome your guests with day of the dead yard signs in a variety of shapes, sizes and designs. from shaped lawn decorations that are perfect for dressing up a walkway to large welcome signs and yard letters, there is something for every location. the day of the dead yard signs are a vibrant way to let everyone know what your are celebrating! photo booth props are a great way to start any party. day of the dead photo frames will help all your guests take photos they will want to share. add shaped photo props in sugar skull accessories and talk bubbles along with fun glasses and masks for a dia de los muertos photo booth that can't be beat! once you have decorated outdoors and added a fun activity for all of your halloween party guests, be sure to create an impressive beverage bar and snack station. sugar skull favor boxes and day of the dead treat containers are perfect for offering a variety of sweet treats and thank you favor gifts. add diy wrappers to your cupcakes and snack cups to complete the look and bring the theme to all areas of your event. finally, day of the dead beverage labels will complete your party and show off your amazing attention to detail. from wine bottle labels to beer bottle labels and versatile beverage wraps for all sizes of drinks, these labels look great alone but even better together. add a funny drink if... game card deck to get all of your guests ready to party! get inspired with our day of the dead party video and then shop the theme here > this post was posted in inspiration board, diy party ideas, decorating & diy party ideas and was tagged with halloween party ideas, 	diy ideas, 	holiday party ideas, 	diy party ideas 1101 items previous 1 2 3 4 5 ... 111 next search categories baby showers baptisms birthday parties bridal shower & anniversary christmas & winter decorating & diy party ideas diy party ideas everyday parties fourth of july free printables graduation halloween, fall & thanksgiving inspiration board meet big dot mom moments new year's eve puppy parties real parties recipes st. patrick's day tips and tricks uncategorized valentines day videos connect with the dots join our email list: be the first to hear about exclusive sales, new products, tips & party inspiration. be liked. be creative. be amused. be inspired. be current. #bigdotofhappiness contact us call toll free: 1.800.274.4282 email: smiles@bigdotofhappiness.com customer service hours monday-friday: 8 am - 5 pm cst shop big dot of happiness amazon store about us why big dot our story our team in the press video gallery customer testimonials we're hiring! order information order status faq shipping custom requests color chart site info privacy policy site map © 2019 big dot of happiness, llc. all rights reserved.