来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231022409/https://www.bigdotofhappiness.com/pages/frequently-asked-questions
================================================================================

frequently asked questions – big dot of happiness llc skip to content pause slideshow play slideshow free standard shipping on orders over $50 free standard shipping on orders over $50 new birthday holidays & occasions party themes personalized search account 0 cart search close cancel shipping box close add order note close subtotal $0.00 check out shipping, taxes, and discount codes calculated at checkout. nothing to see here. start shopping! shop new shop birthdays shop holidays top searched shamrock st. patrick's day - saint patty's day decorations - tree ornaments - set of 12 $19.99 $19.99 christmas gnomes - diy holiday party money holder gift - cash cake $11.99 $11.99 jolly santa claus - assorted christmas party gift tag labels - to and from stickers - 12 sheets - 120 stickers $13.99 $13.99 fun face cutout paddles - custom photo head cut out photo booth and fan props - upload 1 photo - 6 piece cut out kit $39.99 $39.99 jolly santa claus - christmas party money and gift card sleeves - nifty gifty card holders - set of 8 $15.99 $15.99 groovy christmas - diy pastel holiday party money holder gift - cash cake $11.99 $11.99 view more new expand submenu birthday expand submenu holidays & occasions expand submenu party themes expand submenu personalized expand submenu new new new themes expand submenu hot games expand submenu gotta have it expand submenu birthday birthday featured themes expand submenu shop by age expand submenu shop by color expand submenu shop by milestone expand submenu holidays & occasions holidays & occasions holidays expand submenu inclusive celebrations expand submenu occasions expand submenu party themes party themes decades expand submenu sports expand submenu other events expand submenu personalized personalized personalized categories expand submenu new themes in my party era colorful engagment party time - birthday 2000s y2k last rodeo - bachelorette hot games fortune tellers bingo scratch-off cards candy guessing game gotta have it cracker boxes cash cakes large photo props featured themes rodeo cowgirl pajama slumber party buggin' out beautiful butterfly capybara blast off to outer space party time shop all themes shop by age babies little kids big kids teens adults shop by color red orange yellow green blue purple pink black gold shop by milestone 1st birthday 2nd birthday 10th birthday 13th birthday 15th birthday 16th birthday 30th birthday 40th birthday 50th birthday 60th birthday 70th birthday 80th birthday 90th birthday 100th birthday golden birthday baby milestone markers holidays st. patrick's day easter mother's day father's day 4th of july thanksgiving christmas valentine's day mardi gras shop all holidays inclusive celebrations holi ramadan passover rosh hashanah sukkot diwali veterans day hanukkah kwanzaa lunar new year occasions baby shower gender reveal bridal, bachelorette & engagement religious celebrations anniversary birthday graduation retirement school family reunion decades roaring 20's 50's sock hop 60's hippie 70's disco 80's retro 90's throwback through the decades shop all decades sports basketball pickleball golf baseball softball soccer volleyball running lacrosse tennis bowling gymnastics hockey football shop all sports other events heartiversary gotcha day empty nester red carpet hollywood kentucky horse derby destination food classroom decor party mixers women's day thank you doctors grandparent's day boss's day pride personalized categories put your face on it branded business party photo booth props banners yard signs photo yard signs be socialfollow us and be inspired. #bigdotofhappiness facebook pinterest instagram account new themes in my party era colorful engagment party time - birthday 2000s y2k last rodeo - bachelorette hot games fortune tellers bingo scratch-off cards candy guessing game gotta have it cracker boxes cash cakes large photo props featured themes rodeo cowgirl pajama slumber party buggin' out beautiful butterfly capybara blast off to outer space party time shop all themes shop by age babies little kids big kids teens adults shop by color red orange yellow green blue purple pink black gold shop by milestone 1st birthday 2nd birthday 10th birthday 13th birthday 15th birthday 16th birthday 30th birthday 40th birthday 50th birthday 60th birthday 70th birthday 80th birthday 90th birthday 100th birthday golden birthday baby milestone markers holidays st. patrick's day easter mother's day father's day 4th of july thanksgiving christmas valentine's day mardi gras shop all holidays inclusive celebrations holi ramadan passover rosh hashanah sukkot diwali veterans day hanukkah kwanzaa lunar new year occasions baby shower gender reveal bridal, bachelorette & engagement religious celebrations anniversary birthday graduation retirement school family reunion decades roaring 20's 50's sock hop 60's hippie 70's disco 80's retro 90's throwback through the decades shop all decades sports basketball pickleball golf baseball softball soccer volleyball running lacrosse tennis bowling gymnastics hockey football shop all sports other events heartiversary gotcha day empty nester red carpet hollywood kentucky horse derby destination food classroom decor party mixers women's day thank you doctors grandparent's day boss's day pride personalized categories put your face on it branded business party photo booth props banners yard signs photo yard signs home frequently asked questions frequently asked questions contact us we love helping you: customer service hours: monday - friday: 7am - 4pm cstwe love listening to you: call us toll-free at 1.800.274.4282.we love hearing from you: email us at smiles@bigdotofhappiness.com who is big dot of happiness? we do more than create party supplies, we create goose bump moments… memories that will last a lifetime! our designer party collections make it easier for everyone to be a party-throwing hero. life is one big celebration – let’s have some quality fun! 100% satisfaction guaranteed here at big dot, you are our boss & your satisfaction is our success! every item we sell comes with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. we pride ourselves in creating high-quality, unique and original products. if for any reason you are not 100% head-over-heels in love with your purchase, we will happily replace or accept a return of the item(s). it is our promise to you to make it right. keep in touch. connect with the dots. be the first to hear about exclusive sales, new products, tips & party inspiration. party with us on facebook, pinterest, instagram, and youtube. order confirmations once you order, you’ll receive three emails letting you know where your order is. the first email confirms that we received your order. the second will let you know we are processing your order, making it you-nique. the third email will let you know that your box of happiness is on its way and provide tracking information. be prepared to dot-along with us to the dot-errific dance! when will i get my order? order today... ships tomorrow! even personalized items!!running out of time and need your order asap?!most of our products ship within one business day.*we will always ship your order any way necessary to receive your order on or before your guaranteed delivery date. does that mean you ship fast... really really fast? yup, your items arrive so fast, it’s like we knew what you needed before you called! how can i check the status of my recent order? if you have an account, all you have to do is login and click on my orders to view your up-to-date order status. we can also help you check your order status by phone, email, live chat or you can go to our order status page. what shipping service do you use? most orders ship using ups or united states postal service. want it faster?! select our fedex 2-day shipping option at checkout. we have had offers from big dotters to hand-deliver our box of happiness (especially to the warmer climates), but we’re sticking with the big brown truck and little white truck for now! if i order several products, will they all come in one box? we take pride in announcing that all of your products ship right out of our facility! we do it all for you, shipped right to your front door. if you have a larger order there is a possibility that you may receive more than one box of happiness, but wait until you see our boxes - you'll want to order even more! what payment methods do you accept? american express visa mastercard discover we process all orders through a secure shopping cart and your credit card is charged upon receipt of the order. if for some reason you choose to cancel your order, we will issue a credit to your card. if you change or add to your order, there will be an additional transaction on your credit card. bigdotofhappiness.com, llc is our parent company and is the name that will appear on your credit card statement. return policy we guarantee your 100% satisfaction but understand that sometimes, returns have to be made. if the return is being made due to an error on our part, please contact our happiness heroes. we’ll do whatever it takes to make the situation right! this is our promise to you.if the return is being made due to a “change of heart” on behalf of the hostess hero, we’re happy to accept your products as long as they are unopened, unused and non-personalized, preferably within 90 days of the purchase date. simply contact us to confirm the return, carefully package your items, then ship them back to us in a secure box that includes your name and order number.please keep in mind that we aren’t liable for damage that occurs while your package is on its way back to us. postage for return shipping is your responsibility. we’ll notify you by email once we receive, process and complete your refund. special cases may warrant a small restocking fee, but we’ll contact you if that is the case. what happens to the information i submit? all details submitted will be kept confidential. we do not sell names, addresses, numbers, or any other information you give us. view privacy policy. do you have a print catalog? we don’t have a printed catalog at this time, but come visit our website often - we are always adding new themes and products to keep our boss happy (that’s you)! sales tax information for residents in arizona, california, colorado, district of columbia, florida, georgia, hawaii, iowa, illinois, indiana, kentucky, massachusetts, maryland, maine, michigan, minnesota, north carolina, north dakota, new jersey, nevada, new york, ohio, oklahoma, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, virginia, vermont, washington, wisconsin, west virginia, and wyoming sales tax will be added to the cost of the products you order. tax exempt information if you are needing to place a tax-exempt order, the first step would be to send us your tax-exempt form/id to smiles@bigdotofhappiness.com.once we have received your form, we would then mark you as tax-exempt in our system! please note that this would need to be done prior to your order beingplaced. does big dot of happiness have web content accessibility tools on our web site? big dot of happiness has a tool on our website that provides resources to make our web site available and accessible to anyone (click on blue handicap icon on the bottom left of the site). does big dot of happiness have any positions open? would you like to grow your career and work at big dot of happiness? click here to learn more and apply for a position. i want to send you some feedback. where do i send it? if you have any suggestions, complaints, or compliments about our site, products, or anything else, please email jill@bigdotofhappiness.com. even though she’s a very busy lady as the ceo of big dot, she always has time to listen to what you have to say and truly values your feedback! we ship fast order today, ships tomorrow. all products qualify. even personalized items! order today and your products ship within one business day. we will always ship your order any way necessary to receive your order on or before your guaranteed delivery date. 100% satisfaction guarantee this is why, we are the best! we do it all for you, shipped right to your front door. from personalizing your order to carefully packaging your items. you're only steps away from receiving your box of happiness! we promise you’ll love it. join our email list to receive 15% off your next box of happiness! email address subscribe be social! follow us and be inspired.#bigdotofhappiness facebook pinterest instagram youtube order information contact usfaqshippingreturn policy contact us 1.800.274.4282smiles@bigdotofhappiness.comcustomer caremonday - friday: 7:00 am - 4:00 pm cst privacy policyterms of servicesite map "close (esc)" "close (esc)"