来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241223175007/https://www.bigdotofhappiness.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – big dot of happiness llc skip to content pause slideshow play slideshow 🚛 free standard shipping over $30 🚛 🚛 free standard shipping over $30 🚛 ⭐ the countdown is on - shop nye ⭐ the countdown is on - shop nye ⭐ 😃 30% off sitewide - use code: nye30 😃 😃 30% off sitewide - use code: nye30 😃 personalized christmas nye tattoos games birthday party themes events holidays search account 0 cart search close cancel shipping box close add order note close subtotal $0.00 check out shipping, taxes, and discount codes calculated at checkout. nothing to see here. start shopping! shop new shop birthdays shop holidays top searched custom photo fun face - party favors - fun face temporary tattoos - set of 12 $15.99 $15.99 very merry christmas - diy holiday santa claus party money holder gift - cash cake $9.99 $9.99 jolly santa claus - assorted christmas party gift tag labels - to and from stickers - 12 sheets - 120 stickers $11.99 $11.99 fun face cutout paddles - custom photo head cut out photo booth and fan props - upload 1 photo - 6 piece cut out kit $34.99 $34.99 merry little christmas tree - diy red truck christmas party money holder gift - cash cake $9.99 $9.99 christmas gnomes - diy holiday party money holder gift - cash cake $9.99 $9.99 view more personalized expand submenu christmas expand submenu nye tattoos games expand submenu birthday expand submenu party themes expand submenu events expand submenu holidays expand submenu personalized personalized we'll put your face on anything... expand submenu photo balloons expand submenu everything else personalized expand submenu christmas christmas shop by party theme expand submenu shop by product category expand submenu personalize your christmas expand submenu games games games for the family expand submenu games for the adults expand submenu games by event expand submenu games by type expand submenu birthday birthday shop by milestone expand submenu birthday themes expand submenu party themes party themes sports expand submenu decades expand submenu destinations expand submenu food expand submenu mix & match expand submenu events events events expand submenu occasions expand submenu school expand submenu appreciation expand submenu shop by season expand submenu extras expand submenu holidays holidays holidays expand submenu inclusive celebrations expand submenu we'll put your face on anything... balloons decorations games money & card holders photo paddles stickers temporary tattoos yard signs wrapping paper shop all photo balloons photo mylar balloons photo balloon kit shop all everything else personalized banners custom logo giant cards photo props photo wrapping paper photo yard signs yard signs shop by party theme jolly santa christmas pajamas ugly sweater christmas cowboy groovy christmas in my christmas era shop all shop by product category games & activities gift wrap & supplies money & gift card holders personalized christmas photo props tree ornaments yard signs & outdoor decor shop all personalize your christmas custom decor custom money holders custom gift tag stickers custom wrapping paper shop all games for the family activity placemat build-a-face game candy guessing game fortune tellers scavenger hunt game games for the adults bar bingo drink if game selfie scavenger hunt scratch off dare cards games by event baby shower games bachelorette games birthday games family reunion games sports games games by type advice card bingo games called out card game game bundle game napkins pull tabs games scratch-off cards 2-in-1 games shop by milestone 1st birthday 2nd birthday 10th birthday 13th birthday 15th birthday 16th birthday 30th birthday 40th birthday 50th birthday 60th birthday 70th birthday 80th birthday 90th birthday 100th birthday adult birthday golden birthday birthday themes airplane capybara construction balloon animals birthday cake bananas bugs butterfly farm fishing gaming groovy ice cream in my birthday era magic show mermaids monster truck mushroom pajama party pizza princess spa day space sports strawberry train vintage cake western shop all sports football volleyball baseball pickleball golf shop all decades roaring 20's 70's disco 80's retro 90's throwback through the decades shop all destinations hollywood las vegas london new york city kentucky horse derby shop all food coffee lemon pizza summer bbq watermelon shop all mix & match blue daisy pattern green checkered pattern disco ball leopard print cow print shop all events anniversary baby shower bach & engagement birthday gender reveal graduation retirement occasions heartiversary empty nesters gotcha day masquerade oktoberfest kentucky horse derby religious celebrations school classroom decor graduation homecoming prom thank you teachers shop all appreciation boss's day grandparents day thank you cards & favors thank you doctors thank you teachers women's day shop by season winter spring summer fall extras prank yard signs misc. yard signs holidays christmas new year's eve mardi gras valentine's day st. patrick's day easter mother's day father's day 4th of july labor day oktoberfest halloween thanksgiving shop all inclusive celebrations hanukkah lunar new year ramadan & eid kwanzaa holi australia day passover memorial day pride viva mexico rosh hashanah sukkot diwali veterans day shop all be social follow us and be inspired. #bigdotofhappiness facebook pinterest instagram account we'll put your face on anything... balloons decorations games money & card holders photo paddles stickers temporary tattoos yard signs wrapping paper shop all photo balloons photo mylar balloons photo balloon kit shop all everything else personalized banners custom logo giant cards photo props photo wrapping paper photo yard signs yard signs shop by party theme jolly santa christmas pajamas ugly sweater christmas cowboy groovy christmas in my christmas era shop all shop by product category games & activities gift wrap & supplies money & gift card holders personalized christmas photo props tree ornaments yard signs & outdoor decor shop all personalize your christmas custom decor custom money holders custom gift tag stickers custom wrapping paper shop all games for the family activity placemat build-a-face game candy guessing game fortune tellers scavenger hunt game games for the adults bar bingo drink if game selfie scavenger hunt scratch off dare cards games by event baby shower games bachelorette games birthday games family reunion games sports games games by type advice card bingo games called out card game game bundle game napkins pull tabs games scratch-off cards 2-in-1 games shop by milestone 1st birthday 2nd birthday 10th birthday 13th birthday 15th birthday 16th birthday 30th birthday 40th birthday 50th birthday 60th birthday 70th birthday 80th birthday 90th birthday 100th birthday adult birthday golden birthday birthday themes airplane capybara construction balloon animals birthday cake bananas bugs butterfly farm fishing gaming groovy ice cream in my birthday era magic show mermaids monster truck mushroom pajama party pizza princess spa day space sports strawberry train vintage cake western shop all sports football volleyball baseball pickleball golf shop all decades roaring 20's 70's disco 80's retro 90's throwback through the decades shop all destinations hollywood las vegas london new york city kentucky horse derby shop all food coffee lemon pizza summer bbq watermelon shop all mix & match blue daisy pattern green checkered pattern disco ball leopard print cow print shop all events anniversary baby shower bach & engagement birthday gender reveal graduation retirement occasions heartiversary empty nesters gotcha day masquerade oktoberfest kentucky horse derby religious celebrations school classroom decor graduation homecoming prom thank you teachers shop all appreciation boss's day grandparents day thank you cards & favors thank you doctors thank you teachers women's day shop by season winter spring summer fall extras prank yard signs misc. yard signs holidays christmas new year's eve mardi gras valentine's day st. patrick's day easter mother's day father's day 4th of july labor day oktoberfest halloween thanksgiving shop all inclusive celebrations hanukkah lunar new year ramadan & eid kwanzaa holi australia day passover memorial day pride viva mexico rosh hashanah sukkot diwali veterans day shop all home privacy policy privacy policy privacy statement for big dot of happiness, llc our commitment to privacy we at big dot of happiness are fanatics about everything, including your privacy. to better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. if any changes occur to our policy in the future we will post a notification on the appropriate media to contact users. the information we collect this notice applies to all information collected or submitted on bigdotofhappiness.com. on some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. the types of personal information collected at these pages are: name, address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card information, etc. on some pages, you can submit information about other people. for example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. in this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: name, address, phone number, etc. the way we use information we use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order to fulfill, bill and ship your order. we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. we use email addresses provided to communicate your order status. once your order has been placed you will receive a confirmation email to let you know your order is being processed. you will also receive a confirmation email once your order has been shipped. an email will be sent if a problem arises with your order. we use return email addresses to answer emails that we receive. we use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to fulfill and ship the product. we offer gift cards and text options by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. information you provide to us to create a gift card or text for personalization is only used for that purpose, and is only shared with the person receiving the gift or product. you can make requests and register to receive materials or information. information you submit on our web site will only be used for this purpose and not shared with outside parties. cookies and authorized third parties this site uses small files called cookies or pixel tags to help us customize your experience and collect visitor information. this information includes details about your internet connection, traffic data, ip address, and the equipment you use to access our website and usage details. it may be collected by big dot of happiness or through third party advertisers. this information is collected automatically through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. information that is collected through the use of third party cookies, web beacons, and other third party tracking technologies are subject to such third parties' privacy policies and opt-out mechanisms and are not governed by this policy. to manage your data, please create an account on bigdotofhappiness.com. within your account there is a section in the dashboard to manage your privacy under my privacy center. you may delete your information and adjust your privacy policy settings within your account. we may use the services of third parties to collect and use anonymous information about your visits and interactions with our website through the use of technologies such as cookies to personalize advertisements for goods and services. the nai (network advertising initiative) allows for the central opting out of all of its members’ cookies from a single opt-out page. if you prefer not to receive relevant advertising on web pages, please click on the following link: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. if you delete your cookies, use a different browser or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. big dot of happiness sells products on marketplaces including (amazon, etsy, walmart and target). we will not use any personal information of guests received in connection to any of the marketplaces we sell on. any guests that use these marketplaces are subject to these marketplaces’ privacy policies. what are cookies? cookies are small text files that are stored by browsers (for example, safari or firefox) on your computer or mobile phone. they allow websites to store things like user preferences and store contents of your shopping cart. you can think of cookies as providing a ‘memory’ for the website, so that it can recognize you when you come back and respond appropriately. cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our websites. our commitment to data security to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. children’s privacy this website is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect information on children under that age. mobile message service terms and conditions last updated: 4/14/2022 the big dot of happiness mobile message service (the "service") is operated by big dot of happiness, llc. (“big dot of happiness, llc. ”, “we”, or “us”). your use of the service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“mobile terms”). we may modify or cancel the service or any of its features without notice. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these mobile terms at any time and your continued use of the service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. by consenting to big dot of happiness, llc.’s sms/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring sms/text messages from and on behalf of big dot of happiness, llc. through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal do not call list. text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders). you understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with big dot of happiness, llc. your participation in this program is completely voluntary. we do not charge for the service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. message frequency varies. message and data rates may apply. check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. you are solely responsible for all charges related to sms/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider. you may opt-out of the service at any time. text the single keyword command stop to 1 (855) 943-4705 or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. you'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. no further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. if you have subscribed to other big dot of happiness, llc. mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. for service support or assistance, text help to 1 (855) 943-4705 or email smiles@bigdotofhappiness.com. we may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the service at any time and will notify you of these changes. you acknowledge that any messages, including any stop or help requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages. the wireless carriers supported by the service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. you agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. if you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service. we respect your right to privacy. to see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our privacy notice. how to contact us should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us: we love listening to you: call us toll-free at 1.800.274.4282. we love hearing from you: email us at smiles@bigdotofhappiness.com. we love getting mail from you: big dot of happiness, llc 412 technology drive e. menomonie, wi 54751 join our email list to receive 15% off your next box of happiness! email address subscribe add some fun to your feeds. #bigdotofhappinessfollow us here: facebook pinterest instagram youtube tiktok order information contact usfaqshippingreturn policy contact us 1.800.274.4282smiles@bigdotofhappiness.comcustomer caremonday - friday: 7:00 am - 4:00 pm cstdata sales opt-out privacy policyterms of servicesite map "close (esc)" "close (esc)"