来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151228105700/http://www.myvaporstore.com/terms.asp
================================================================================

terms age certification are you of legal smoking age? yesi am of legal smoking agenoi am not of legal smoking age the products on this website are intended for adults only. by entering this website, you certify that you are of legal smoking age in the state in which you reside. shop by brand aspire atmizoo council of vapor efest grand vapor mods hcigar horizon tech innokin innovape ismoka eleaf joyetech kamry telescopic kangertech mcv pioneer4you sigelei smoktech style of mojo uwell vamo vicious ant vision wismec yihi sx mini youde/ud shop starter kits eliquids shop by flavor alloy blends anml vapors beard vape co. black label bombies candyland liquids charlies chalk dust cosmic fog cuttwood d'oh nuts e-juice eve five pawns gemini g2 vapor halo high caliber import eliquid jackson vapor co. king's crown liquid state mad hatter juice mr. good vape one hit wonder phillip rocke r & d creations ronin serum snozzberry smax subbies juice suicide bunny the blueprint the cloud company the lost fog the milkman eliquid the standard the vaping rabbit twonk juice vapelyfe virgin vapor cartomizers & tanks accessories ego tanks rebuildables replacement coils/heads sub ohm tanks aspire horizon tech innokin iclear joyetech kangertech smoktech uwell vision youde/ud mods & pvs box mods ego series hybrid mechanical temperature control variable voltage - wattage accessories apparel atomizers batteries chargers cartridges drip tips miscellaneous replacement coils/heads thread adapters wick & wire new arrivals view desktop site free shipping on orders over $75! email signup cart: home faq my account toggle navigation the electronic cigarette super store search: free shipping on orders over $75! shop by brand aspire atmizoo council of vapor efest grand vapor mods hcigar horizon tech innokin innovape ismoka eleaf joyetech kamry telescopic kangertech mcv pioneer4you sigelei smoktech style of mojo uwell vamo vicious ant vision wismec yihi sx mini youde/ud shop starter kits eliquids shop by flavor alloy blends anml vapors beard vape co. black label bombies candyland liquids charlies chalk dust cosmic fog cuttwood d'oh nuts e-juice eve five pawns gemini g2 vapor halo high caliber import eliquid jackson vapor co. king's crown liquid state mad hatter juice mr. good vape one hit wonder phillip rocke r & d creations ronin serum snozzberry smax subbies juice suicide bunny the blueprint the cloud company the lost fog the milkman eliquid the standard the vaping rabbit twonk juice vapelyfe virgin vapor cartomizers & tanks accessories ego tanks rebuildables replacement coils/heads sub ohm tanks aspire horizon tech innokin iclear joyetech kangertech smoktech uwell vision youde/ud mods & pvs box mods ego series hybrid mechanical temperature control variable voltage - wattage accessories apparel atomizers batteries chargers cartridges drip tips miscellaneous replacement coils/heads thread adapters wick & wire new arrivals terms and conditions please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.copyrightthe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of myvaporstore.com. the collective work includes works that are licensed to myvaporstore.com. copyright 2009-2015, myvaporstore.com all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with myvaporstore.com or purchasing myvaporstore.com products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with myvaporstore.com or to purchase myvaporstore.com products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by myvaporstore.com. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.trademarksall trademarks, service marks and trade names of myvaporstore.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of myvaporstore.comwarranty disclaimerthis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, myvaporstore.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. myvaporstore.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. myvaporstore.com does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.limitation of liabilitymyvaporstore.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if myvaporstore.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.typographical errorsin the event that a myvaporstore.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, myvaporstore.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. myvaporstore.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, myvaporstore.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.term; terminationthese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by myvaporstore.com without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.noticemyvaporstore.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to myvaporstore.com.miscellaneousyour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of new york, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of myvaporstore.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in queens county, new york. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of myvaporstore.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. myvaporstore.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. myvaporstore.com may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.use of siteharassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a myvaporstore.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.participation disclaimermyvaporstore.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, myvaporstore.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, myvaporstore.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to myvaporstore.com in its sole discretion.indemnificationyou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless myvaporstore.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account.third-party linksin an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, myvaporstore.com may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with myvaporstore.com, myvaporstore.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of myvaporstore.com. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, myvaporstore.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). disclaimer these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. information and statements made are for educational purposes and are not intended to replace the advice of your health care professional. by purchasing these products, you agree to use products at your own risk. under no circumstances will myvaporstore.com be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused in connection with use of, or reliance on any product on this site. our products are intended for adults only. our products are not to be used by anyone under the legal smoking age of the state they reside in. other groups that should consult a physician before use included (but are not limited to): those who suffer from heart disease or high blood pressure. pregnant, nursing, or those thinking of becoming pregnant. those allergic to nicotine or other pg based products lithium ion battery warning caution: when working with li-ion cells, they are very sensitive to charging characteristics and may explode if mishandled. user should have enough knowledge on li-ion rechargeable batteries in charging, discharging,and assembly before use. charge and store the batteries in fire-proof container. never leave batteries unattended when charging or while in use. do not put batteries on wood surface or carpet when charging. make sure to charge in fire-proof container. do not use chargers purchased outside of myvaporstore.com to charge batteries purchased from myvaporstore.com. doing so may cause damage to the battery and malfunctions which can cause serious injuries. we are not responsible for damage of any modification to the batteries in form or shape. we are not responsible for any damage caused by misuse or mishandling of theses li-ion batteries. learn more about proper storage and care for lithium batteries here:http://batteryuniversity.com/product image disclaimer product images are for illustration purposes only. actual product colors may vary depending on screen resolution and lighting. not for sale to minors. products sold on this site may contain nicotine which is a highly addictive substance. california proposition 65 - warning: this product contains nicotine, a chemical knowns to the state of california to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. products sold on this site is intended for adult smokers. you must be of legal smoking age in your territory to purchase products. please consult your physician before use. eliquid on this website may contain propylene glycol and/or vegetable glycerin, nicotine and flavorings. our products may be poisonous if orally ingested. products sold by myvaporstore are not smoking cessation products and have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration, nor are they intended to treat, prevent or cure any disease or condition. for their protection, please keep out of reach of children and pets. read our terms and conditions page before purchasing our products. use all products on this site at your own risk! email signup: follow us: products products shop by brand shop starter kits eliquids cartomizers & tanks mods & pvs accessories apparel shop by brand shop starter kits eliquids cartomizers & tanks mods & pvs accessories apparel e-cig info e-cig info e-cig information e-cigarette etiquette ohm's law calculator e-cigs vs tobacco cigs how do e-cigs work? e-cig terminology best e-cig starter kits e-cig information e-cigarette etiquette ohm's law calculator e-cigs vs tobacco cigs how do e-cigs work? e-cig terminology best e-cig starter kits mvs info mvs info about us testimonials new arrivals coming soon... about us testimonials new arrivals coming soon... policies policies shipping & handling warranty & returns terms of use privacy policy pre-order policy shipping & handling warranty & returns terms of use privacy policy pre-order policy my account my account sign in order status view cart sign in order status view cart help help contact us faq site map category index product index view mobile site view desktop site contact us faq site map category index product index view desktop site warning: our products contain nicotine, a poisonous and addictive substance. our products are only intended for committed smokers of legal smoking age and not by non-smokers, children, women who are pregnant or may become pregnant or any person with an elevated risk of, or preexisting condition of, any medical condition which includes, but is not limited to, heart disease, diabetes, high blood pressure or asthma. if you experience any side effects or possible side effects, stop using the product immediately and consult a physician. product may be poisonous if orally ingested. our products are not smoking cessation products and have not been tested or guaranteed as such. our products have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration nor is it intended to treat, prevent or cure any disease or condition. for their protection, please keep out of reach of children and pets. read our terms of use page before purchasing our products. we accept: copyright © 2009-2015 myvaporstore.com. all rights reserved. | built with volusion. designed by brand labs. about ssl certificates (your shopping cart is empty)