来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141229202802/http://www.eddiebauer.com/company-info/company-info-privacy-and-security.jsp
================================================================================

privacy and security | company information | eddie bauer live your adventure™ welcome 1-800-426-8020 store locator  ▼ close zip/postal code or city: state/province: select one alabama alaska alberta arizona arkansas british columbia california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine manitoba maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new brunswick new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york newfoundland north carolina north dakota nova scotia ohio oklahoma ontario oregon pennsylvania rhode island saskatchewan south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming help & support  ▼ close customer service order status email us return policy shipping to eddie bauer shopping bag free shipping on orders of $99 or more | code: goose search by item number or keyword all ▼ men women kids outerwear shoes home gear shop by blog sale clearance shop by categoryshirtspantssweaterssweatshirts & hoodiesouterwearbaselayersfleeceshortsjeanssleepwearshoesaccessories featured collections new arrivals outfits big & tall sizes wrinkle-free shirts & pants specials sale clearance shop by categoryouterweartopssweaterssweatshirts & hoodiesfleecebaselayerspants & caprisjeansshortsdresses & skirtsblazerssleepwearshoesaccessories featured collections new arrivals outfits petite shop tall shop plus shop specials sale clearance shop by categoryboysgirls menjacketsparkasvestsperformance fleecepants: rain, snow, ski womenparkasjacketsveststrenches & coatsperformance fleecepants: rain, snow, ski kidsboysgirls menbootshiking & trekking shoeslace-up shoesslip-on shoesslippers womenbootshiking & trekking shoeslace-up shoesflatssandalsslipperswinter bootsloafers & slip-on shoes shop by categorysheets & pillowcasesduvet covers & shamsblankets & throwscomforterspillows shop by categorybackpacksduffels & luggagemessenger & laptop bagstravel accessoriestentssleeping bagsair mattresses & padshydrationlighting technical alpine, big-mountain, and expedition gear. men women packs & gear gear and apparel for any climate, culture, or environment. men women packs & gear premium field and fishing gear. men women packs & gear activewear, gear, and footwear built and designed for maximum versatility in all your outdoor training activities. men women gear menshirtspantssweaterssweatshirts & hoodiesouterwearbaselayersfleeceshortsjeanssleepwearshoesaccessories womenouterweartopssweaterssweatshirts & hoodiesfleecebaselayerspants & caprisjeansshortsdresses & skirtsblazerssleepwearshoesaccessories kidsboysgirlsgearbackpacksduffels & luggagemessenger & laptop bagstravel accessoriestentssleeping bagsair mattresses & padshydrationlighting first ascentmenwomenkidsgearhomesheets & pillowcasesduvet covers & shamsblankets & throwscomforterspillows sport shopmenwomengeartravexmenwomengear menshirtspantssweaterssweatshirts & hoodiesouterwearfleeceshortsjeanssleepwearshoesaccessories womenouterweartopssweaterssweatshirts & hoodiesfleecebaselayerspants & caprisjeansshortsdresses & skirtsblazerssleepwearshoesaccessories kidsboysgirlsgearbackpackssleeping bags sport shopmenwomentravexmenwomen first ascentmenwomenkidsgearhomeduvet covers & shamsblankets & throwscomfortersmattress pads important: please click "end session" to clear your personal information. (credit card info is always hidden from view).end session javascript is not enabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled for the best experience on our site and to make a purchase. learn how to enable javascript in your browser or call 1-800-426-8020 for assistance. cookies are not enabled in your browser. you must have cookies enabled for the best experience on our site and to make a purchase. learn how to enable cookies in your browser or call 1-800-426-8020 for assistance. eddie bauer | company info | privacy & security privacy & security company info about us our founder heritage affiliate program partners pro deals global releaf privacy & security terms of use global labor practice overview in 1920, eddie bauer wrote his business creed, a statement explaining the services he'd provide for his customers. we still follow this same creed today: "to give you such outstanding quality, value, service and guarantee that we may be worthy of your high esteem." here at eddie bauer, we take this promise seriously and we firmly believe in your privacy and the security of your personal information. we are committed to using any information you give us in a responsible manner. you're very important to us and we want to provide you with a safe and secure online experience. complete privacy policy this privacy statement describes how we collect and use your information and gives you choices as to how we use it. we suggest that you review this privacy statement periodically as we may update it from time to time. this policy was last updated on october 18, 2013. what information does eddie bauer collect about me? how do you use my information? companies other than eddie bauer" what are "cookies" and how does eddie bauer use them? how can i update my information? how do i know my information is secure? how to report fraud children's policy contact information unsubscribe from eddie bauer ^return to top what information does eddie bauer collect about me? every time you visit our website, we automatically collect your internet service provider's address, the web page from which you came, and a record of your activity on our site. when you purchase from eddie bauer or request a catalog, we collect information that you volunteer such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and other information necessary to process your order or send you the catalog. we also collect the information you provide to us when you register for "my account", participate in a contest or sweepstakes promotion, fill out a survey or questionnaire, or contact us (for example via email, "ask eddie" or "live chat".) ^return to top how do you use my information? the information we receive allows us to tailor our product offer and improve your shopping experience, making shopping easier and more enjoyable. it also enables us to process your purchases, confirm your orders, customize the content and layout of our pages, notify you about updates to our websites and products, and provide you with marketing information. the information you supply to us is added to our customer database. you may receive periodic mailings or telephone calls from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. if you do not want to receive such mailings or telephone calls from us, please click here for contact information. we occasionally provide your personally-identifiable information, including your name, address, email address, as well as a record of any transactions you conduct on our website or offline with us with a third-party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you are online. our advertising partners will make the data we provide it anonymous before using it to deliver ads online. we may partner with other service providers that collect non-identifiable information about your visits to our website, your interaction with our products and services, and your visits to other websites to serve ads targeted to your interests on other websites. the information is collected through the use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, and does not include your name, address, e-mail address or other personal information. to learn more about these practices or to opt out of having this information used by our third-party advertising partners to serve ads targeted to your interests, please visit the digital advertising alliance by clicking here. to opt out of the online advertisements provided directly by eddie bauer, click here. if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. in some cases we may provide your name and address to a select group of companies whose products you may find of interest. if you do not want us to share this information with these companies, we can add your name to our "do-not-share" list. please click here for contact information. we periodically send you email about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. if you do not wish to receive such emails in the future, please click here for contact information, or click the "unsubscribe" link on any promotional email you receive from us. please note: in order to process your purchases we may send you a confirmation email or we may contact you by mail or telephone if we have questions about your order. in some instances, we use third party companies to help us provide our products and services to you, to assist us in managing customer information, to fulfill promotions and to communicate with you. some of these companies are given access to some or all of the information you provide to us, and some may use cookies on our behalf. these companies are contractually-restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from eddie bauer. we may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. we may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. the information is not provided to these agencies or companies for marketing purposes. ^return to top companies other than eddie bauer our privacy policy does not apply to companies other than eddie bauer. companies other than eddie bauer are sometimes identified on our website, catalog or marketing materials. if you make a purchase from another company's catalog or website, the information you provide to that company, such as your credit card number and contact information, is provided to that company and not to eddie bauer. providing this information to the company enables your transaction with the other company to take place. however, you should know that the company may, if you do not advise them to the contrary, share your name and postal and email addresses with third parties, including eddie bauer. you should also know that these companies have their own privacy and data collection practices and are not covered by the eddie bauer privacy statement. for more information, including privacy policies, regarding such companies please see that company's home page and click on their information link; or review the customer service section of any catalog you may receive from that company. ^return to top for our customers using the internet what are "cookies" and how does eddie bauer use them? a "cookie" is a small data file stored on your computer. at eddie bauer, we place a unique identifier in the cookie and use the cookie to connect your computer with the information we store for you in our database. some examples of the data we store in our database includes your account preferences, items added to your shopping bag, user-specific information on pages accessed, and previous visits to our site. through cookies we may: alert you to new areas that we think might be of interest to you when you return to our site; record past activity at our site; provide advertisements that are tailored to your interests; or, customize web page content. your information is stored in a safe and secure database. we do not use cookies to store any of your personal or financial information on your computer. we recognize that you have a choice to refuse cookies. however, by choosing to accept an eddie bauer cookie you allow us to maintain the preferences stored in your eddie bauer "my account" and process your order. if you choose not to accept the cookie, purchasing is not possible on the eddie bauer site. if you are shopping eddie bauer and are having difficulty adding product to your shopping bag or completing your order, please check your privacy settings in your browser. if you do not wish to change your privacy settings to "medium" and you are currently using the "medium high" or "high" settings, you may choose to override your current cookie handling practices for individual sites that you specify, including eddiebauer.com and eddiebaueroutlet.com. please click here for instructions on how to override your normal cookie handling practices. if you prefer not to change your privacy settings or override your cookie handling practices, you can, as always, place your order by phone at 1-800-426-8020. ^return to top how can i update my information? we provide you access to the following information if you send us an email, call us or write to us: financial information (such as credit card account information) eddie bauer customer identifier information (customer number or password) transaction information (dates on which you made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) contact information (name, address, phone number) we evaluate each request and will reply in an appropriate manner and in a form of communication that ensures the security of the information you have requested. any questions, please contact us. ^return to top how do i know my information is secure? we have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you so you can feel comfortable and secure when shopping. we use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your personal information. on the internet, when you see either a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of your browser window, this indicates that the site is secured through secure sockets layer (ssl). pages requesting personal information should always have one of these icons. if you do not see one of these icons, please contact us to complete your transaction over the phone by calling 1-800-426-8020. when you apply on-line for an eddie bauer charge card, we will direct you to the comenity bank website. see the comenity.net website for information on its privacy statement. ^return to top how to report fraud you can help us identify attempts at fraud. eddie bauer will never ask you for sensitive personal information in an email. if you receive a suspicious email appearing to come from eddie bauer, such as one requesting that you confirm personal information like your credit card number, or if you have received an email implying that it has been sent by eddie bauer after you have opted out of receipt of eddie bauer emails, you may forward the suspicious email to abuse@eddiebauer.com. you should not respond directly to suspicious email. and do not click on or open any hyperlink embedded in the suspicious email. there are a few common features of fraudulent emails that can help you identify them as spam. the two most frequent are: a) receiving an email that contains mistakes such as misspelled words or grammatical errors, and b) receiving an email that asks for your confidential information or asks you to take immediate action on your account. we encourage all of our customers to protect themselves and their information: a) do not share your credentials or account information with any third party, and b) make sure that your system is properly patched, running anti-virus and a personal firewall. if you have already provided information in response to a suspicious email that appeared to have been sent by eddie bauer, you may report the suspicious email by forwarding it to abuse@eddiebauer.com. for more information on how to protect yourself and your personal information, you can visit the antiphishing working group's website at http://www.antiphishing.org/consumer_recs.html. thank you for helping us monitor and prevent fraud. ^return to top children's policy eddie bauer does not seek to solicit information from anyone under the age of thirteen (a "child"). if a child submits information to us and we know that the person submitting the information is a child, we will not use it for any purpose. we will delete the information as soon as we discover it and we will not disclose it to third parties. contact information feel free to contact us for any reason, including a request to be added to or taken off a list, or if you have any questions or concerns. please note: when you contact us, please provide your name and address exactly as it appears on correspondence you have received from us. by postal mail eddie bauer customer service p.o. box 7001 groveport, oh 43125 by phone call 24-hours a day at 1-800-426-8020 by email customercare@csc.eddiebauer.com communications from eddie bauer to unsubscribe from eddie bauer email if for any reason you would like to unsubscribe from either or both of our email programs, please follow the instructions below: eddie bauer email simply click the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every email you receive. send us an email via our contact us form. eddie bauer friends email simply click the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every friends email you receive. send us an email via our contact us form. eddie bauer mail and telemarketing preferences if you prefer not to receive eddie bauer catalogs from us, please contact us or call 1-800-426-8020. please include your full name and mailing address as it appears on your catalog. we will remove your name from our mailing list as soon as possible. please recognize that you may receive another catalog before we are able to remove you. if you wish to be placed on our "do not call" list, please let us know during the call, contact us or call 1-800-426-8020. we also, on occasion, share a portion of our catalog mailing list with other reputable organizations. if you wish to have your name and address not shared with other organizations, please contact us or call 1-800-426-8020. ^return to top by phone call 1-800-426-8020 24 hours a day 7 days a week for hearing impaired tty 1-800-462-6757 m-f 7:00am-3:30pm est by email send us an email with your questions. by mail eddie bauer customer service p.o. box 7001 groveport, oh 43125 safe & secure shopping shop with confidence. your order is safe and secure. privacy				| security sign up for email get our latest news and exclusive offers. enter your email address earn rewards eddie bauer friends® join eddie bauer friends and you’ll start earning rewards for every dollar you spend, no matter where you shop. learn more sign in to your account connect with us facebook twitter pinterest youtube instagram linkedin get your daily shot of adventure visit our blog store locator find an eddie bauer store near you. enter zip code catalog quick order enter a three-part item number. enter the first part of the item number enter the second part of the item number enter the third part of the item number gift cards buy now check balance help & support customer service order status contact us returns shipping size charts wish list request a catalog site map company info about us careers partners supply chain disclosure programs & services affiliate program eddie bauer credit card pro deals global releaf shopping men's cargo pants men's chinos & khaki pants men's t-shirts men's cargo shorts men's dress shirts men's polo shirts women's sweatshirts & hoodies women's tees women's sweaters & cardigans women's dress pants women's hiking & workout pants women's capris our creed to give you such outstanding quality, value, service and guarantee that we may be worthy of your high esteem.™ our guarantee every item we sell will give you complete satisfaction or you may return it for a full refund.™ the original outdoor outfitter® adventure everyday™ we outfit life’s adventures™ back to top ©2014 eddie bauer llc. all rights reserved. eddiebauer.com® is a registered trademark of eddie bauer licensing services llc. 1-800-426-8020 — 24 hours a day 7 days a week terms of use privacy policy