来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231044914/https://www.eddiebauer.com/content/privacy-and-security
================================================================================

privacy & security 50% off bestselling outerwear + free shipping!view all offersearn rewards on your purchases.close quick links store locatoreddie bauer 100 years logo search hey, adventurer!sign in or register bag new!menwomenkidsouterweargearhomeclearanceguideposthelp | storesprivacy & security last updated: december 18, 2019 overview in 1920, eddie bauer wrote his business creed, a statement explaining the services he'd provide for his customers. we still follow this same creed today: "to give you such outstanding quality, value, service and guarantee that we may be worthy of your high esteem." here at eddie bauer, we take this promise seriously and we firmly believe in your privacy and the security of your personal information. we are committed to using any information you give us in a responsible manner. you're very important to us and we want to provide you with a safe and secure online experience. privacy policy this privacy statement describes how eddie bauer (“we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, and discloses your personal information as a data controller. this privacy statement applies to our website (www.eddiebauer.com), our retail location, and our services and products. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you consent to the use of your personal information as described in this privacy statement each time you visit our website or retail locations, or use our products or services. . this policy is part of the terms of use published on our website. except as used in our section discussing the rights of california consumers under the california consumer privacy act (the “ccpa”), when we use the term “personal information” in this policy, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as an individual’s full name, postal address, email address, telephone number, payment information, and location information. when other data (such as consumer preferences) is directly associated with such information, we also treat this other data as personal information. any terms, including the term “personal information” used in the rights pursuant to the california consumer privacy act (the “ccpa”) section have the same meaning as defined in cal. civ. code section 1798.140. what information does eddie bauer collect about me? how do you use my information? to whom do you disclose my information? personal mobile phone information companies other than eddie bauer what are "cookies" and how does eddie bauer use them? european union rights and choices california privacy rights e-sign act information how is my information protected? how to report fraud children's policy changes to this privacy policy contact information communications from eddie bauer what information does eddie bauer collect about me? we may collect different kinds of information from or about you: information you provide: when you purchase from eddie bauer or request a catalog, we collect information that you volunteer: your name, email address, postal address, phone number, date of birth, payment information, and other information necessary to process your order or send you the catalog. we may also collect this information when you register for our "my account," participate in a contest or sweepstakes promotion; fill out a survey or questionnaire; or contact us (for example via email, "ask eddie" or "live chat"). the information you supply to us is added to our customer database. information about use of our website:  every time you visit our website, we automatically collect your internet protocol address, internet service provider's address, the web page from which you came, and a record of your activity on our site. we may gather some of this information automatically. information through marketing emails:  if you have opted into our marketing email program, we collect certain information from you, including location information, when you open up our emails to provide you with personalized messaging and information. information from third parties:  we may collect information from third parties, including business partners and marketing agencies. this may include your contact information from marketing partners when we engage in joint marketing or co-branding activities, your internet protocol address or location information from service providers to offer certain products and services relevant to you or your location, and data from your social networks to authenticate your product use with us and offer products and services to you, or that you grant permission to our products or services to access. we may combine information we collect in different ways, and combine it in your customer profile. how do you use my information? generally speaking, we use personal information to provide, improve, and develop our products and services, to communicate with you, to offer you targeted advertisements, and to protect us and our users. eddie bauer collects, processes, and determines how to process your personal information for the following purposes: communicating with you: we may use your personal information to communicate with you and process your requests or orders, and to inform you about our policies and terms, as well as information related to your “my account.” these communications allow us to provide you the products and/or services you have requested, and relate to the relationship between you and us. please note: in order to process your purchases we may send you a confirmation email or we may contact you by mail or telephone if we have questions about your order. if you do not want to receive such mailings or telephone calls from us, please click here for contact information or call 1-800-426-8020. informing you about products or services that may be of interest:  with your prior consent, we may use personal information to send you marketing communications; for example, we may periodically send you emails about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events, including upcoming contests or sweepstakes, as well as information related to your “my account.” if you do not wish to receive such emails in the future, please click here for contact information, or click the "unsubscribe" link on any promotional email you receive from us. also with your prior consent, we may share your personal information with third-party partners who may send you marketing communications in relation to their products and services. if you do not wish to have your name and address shared with other organizations, please contact us or call 1-800-426-8020. providing, improving, and developing our products and services:  we use your information to help us provide, improve, and develop our services, which is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interest and provide you with quality services and products. the information we receive allows us to tailor our product offerings and improve your shopping experience, making shopping easier and more enjoyable. it also enables us to customize the content and layout of our pages. we also use location information to provide you with personalized messaging and information regarding our services. promoting safety and security:  we use your information to pursue our legitimate interest in helping verify accounts and user activity, as well as in promoting safety and security, such as by monitoring fraud, investigating suspicious or potentially illegal activity or violations of our terms or policies, protecting our rights, or pursuing available remedies. to whom do you disclose my information? we make certain information available to strategic partners that work with us to provide our products and services or help us market to customers, including an antifraud consortium and a marketing consortium. vendors and service providers:  in some instances, we use third party companies to help us provide our products and services to you, to assist us in managing customer information, to fulfill promotions and to communicate with you. some of these companies are given access to some or all of the information you provide to us, and some may use cookies on our behalf. advertising partners and licensees:  with your prior consent, we may provide your personally-identifiable information, including your name, address, email address, as well as a record of any transactions you conduct on our website or offline with us to a third-party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you are online. our advertising partners will make the data we provide it anonymous before using it to deliver ads online. we may partner with other service providers that collect information about your visits to our website, your interaction with our products and services, and your visits to other websites to serve ads targeted to your interests on other websites. the information is collected through the use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, and does not include your name, address, or email address. to learn more about these practices or to opt out of having this information used by our third-party advertising partners to serve ads targeted to your interests, please visit the digital advertising alliance by clicking here. to opt out of the online advertisements provided directly by eddie bauer click here. if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. in some cases we may provide your name and address to a company licensed to distribute eddie bauer products, whose additional products you also may find of interest. if you do not want us to share this information with licensees, we can add your name to our "do-not-share" list. please click here for contact information. corporate affiliates and corporate business transactions:  we may share information with our affiliated companies. in the event of a merger, reorganization, acquisition, joint venture, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings, we may transfer any and all personal information to the relevant third party. legal compliance and security:  in certain special cases, we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify or contact you, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, eddie bauer, or someone else. we may disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it, in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation, in response to civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case, governmental authorities or administrative investigation, or in connection with an investigation conducted by eddie bauer. personal mobile phone information if you have signed up for sms text messaging from eddie bauer, except as necessary to provide you with requested mobile messaging, as required by law, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property, we will not disclose your personal mobile phone information to any persons or entities outside of our company, nor lease, license, rent, transfer, disclose, disseminate, or otherwise grant access to such information. companies other than eddie bauer our privacy statement does not apply to companies other than eddie bauer. companies other than eddie bauer are sometimes identified on our website, catalog or marketing materials. if you make a purchase from another company's catalog or website, the information you provide to that company, such as your credit card number and contact information, is provided to that company and not to eddie bauer. providing this information to the company enables your transaction with the other company to take place. however, you should know that the company may, if you do not advise them to the contrary, share your name and postal and email addresses with third parties, including eddie bauer. you should also know that these companies have their own privacy and data collection practices and are not covered by the eddie bauer privacy statement. we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those third parties, nor are we responsible for the information or content their products and services contain. for more information, including privacy policies, regarding such companies please see that company's home page and click on their information link; or review the customer service section of any catalog you may receive from that company. what are "cookies" and how does eddie bauer use them? a "cookie" is a small data file stored on your computer. at eddie bauer, we place a unique identifier in the cookie and use the cookie to connect your computer with the information we store for you in our database. some examples of the data we store in our database includes your account preferences, items added to your shopping bag, user-specific information on pages accessed, and previous visits to our site. through cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, we may alert you to new areas that we think might be of interest to you when you return to our site; record past activity at our site; provide advertisements that are tailored to your interests; or customize web page content. we do not use cookies to store any of your personal or financial information on your computer. your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them. for more information about these controls and to exercise your cookie preferences, visit your browser or device’s help material. by choosing to accept an eddie bauer cookie you allow us to maintain the preferences stored in your eddie bauer "my account" and process your order. if you choose not to accept the cookie, you will not be able to use certain features of our website and services, including making purchases on the eddie bauer site. if you are shopping eddie bauer and are having difficulty adding products to your shopping bag or completing your order, please check your privacy settings in your browser. if you do not wish to change your privacy settings to "medium" and you are currently using the "medium high" or "high" settings, you may choose to override your current cookie handling practices for individual sites that you specify, including eddiebauer.com. please click here for instructions on how to override your normal cookie handling practices. if you prefer not to change your privacy settings or override your cookie handling practices, you can, as always, place your order by phone at 1-800-426-8020 to edit or change your advanced cookie settings, please click here. european union rights and choices we take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date. residents of the european union have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal information that we collect.  they are also entitled to object to or restrict, at any time, the further processing of their personal information. they have the right to receive their personal information in a structured and standard format. to protect the privacy and the security of european union residents’ personal information, we may request information from them to enable us to confirm their identity and right to access such information, as well as to search for and provide them with the personal information we maintain. there are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain. residents of the european union may contact us to exercise their rights. we will respond to  such requests in a reasonable timeframe, and in any event in less than 30 days. residents of the european union may also lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your personal information. california privacy rights rights regarding personal information used for marketing if you are a california resident, california law permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  you may contact us to exercise your rights.  we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information from children under 18. however, if you are a california resident under the age of 18, and you are a registered user of our products or services, california law permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. to make such a request, please contact us with specific information about where the content or information is posted and attesting that you posted it. we will then make reasonable, good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, or anonymize it so you cannot be individually identified, to the extent required by applicable law. please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested. rights pursuant to the california consumer privacy act (the “ccpa”) california law requires businesses to disclose information regarding the rights of california residents pursuant to the ccpa. any terms defined in the ccpa (cal. civ. code section 1798.140) have the same meaning when used in this section. california residents may request that eddie bauer disclose to them following information covering the preceding 12 months: (1)  the categories of personal information eddie bauer has collected about them; (2)  the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; (3)  the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; (4)  the categories of third parties with which eddie bauer shares personal information; (5)  the categories of personal information about them that eddie bauer has sold and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold; (6)  the categories of personal information about them that eddie bauer disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was disclosed; (7)  the specific pieces of personal information eddie bauer has collected about them. a california resident may request the disclosure of the information listed above by calling 1-888-326-3971 or submitting a request to know more about or to delete your personal information. such a request may be referred to as a right-to-know request. pursuant to california law, eddie bauer will verify a california resident’s identity before complying with such a request. for right-to-know requests, eddie bauer will verify a california resident’s identity by matching the resident’s name, email address, and telephone number with its existing records. additionally, to verify right-to-know requests for specific pieces of personal information, eddie bauer requires a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that the requestor of the information is the resident to whom the personal information requested pertains. therefore, after receiving a request for specific pieces of personal information, eddie bauer will contact the requesting california resident to obtain the signed declaration. if eddie bauer cannot verify a california resident’s identity from the information already in its existing records, eddie bauer may request additional information from the california resident which will only be used for the purposes of verifying the identity of the resident seeking to exercise their rights under the ccpa and for security or fraud prevention purposes. eddie bauer will inform the california resident if it is unable to verify the resident’s identify. a california resident has the right to request that eddie bauer delete any personal information about the resident that it has collected from the resident, and that eddie bauer direct any service provider to delete such personal information from its records. such a request may be referred to as a request to delete. however, pursuant to the ccpa, a california resident’s personal information may not be deleted under certain circumstances, including where maintenance of their personal information is necessary to: complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, to provide a good or service that they requested or that is reasonably anticipated within the context of their ongoing business relationship with eddie bauer, or to otherwise perform a contract between eddie bauer and them; to detect security incidents, protect against or prosecute fraudulent or illegal activity; to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with their expectations based on their relationship with eddie bauer; to comply with a legal obligation; or to otherwise use their information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which they provided the information. for more information about these and other situations in which eddie bauer may not delete a california resident’s information, please see cal. civ. code section 1798.105(d). a california resident may request the deletion of personal information collected from the california resident by calling 1-888-326-3971 or submitting a request to know more about or to delete your personal information. before deleting such personal information, eddie bauer will verify the california resident’s identity, as required by the ccpa. for deletion requests, eddie bauer will verify a california resident’s identity by matching the resident’s name, email address, and telephone number with its existing records. if eddie bauer cannot verify a california resident’s identity from the information already in its existing records, eddie bauer may request additional information from the california resident which will only be used for the purposes of verifying the identity of the resident seeking to exercise their rights under the ccpa and for security or fraud prevention purposes. eddie bauer will inform the california resident if it is unable to verify the resident’s identify and will instead treat the request as a request to opt-out of sale. a california resident may use an authorized agent to submit a right-to-know request and a request to delete. to use an authorized agent, the california resident must provide the agent with written authorization. in addition, the california resident may be required to verify their own identity with eddie bauer. eddie bauer may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the california resident to act on their behalf. such requirements, however, will not apply where a california resident has provided the authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to cal. prob. code sections 4000 to 4465. a california resident has the right, at any time, to direct eddie bauer not to sell their personal information. this right may be referred to as the right to opt-out. a california resident may opt out of the sale of their personal information at a dedicated webpage entitled “do not sell my personal information”. if eddie bauer has a good faith, reasonable, and documented belief that a request to opt-out is fraudulent, it may deny the request. a california resident may use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out on the california resident’s behalf. the california resident must provide the agent with written authorization to do so. eddie bauer may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the california resident to act on the california resident’s behalf. eddie bauer does not have actual knowledge that it collects or maintains the personal information of individuals under the age of 16. therefore, eddie bauer does not sell the personal information of a california resident it has actual knowledge is under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization (known as “opt-in”). in the preceding 12 months, eddie bauer has collected the following categories of personal information about california residents from the following sources and for the following purposes. the ccpa requires that eddie bauer refer to specific categories of personal information enumerated in the ccpa. eddie bauer may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category. category of personal information collected category of source of collection business or commercial purpose of collection identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers we collect this information from california residents in store, online, and through sms messaging, our customer service center, and social media. we also collect this information from the bank processing eddie bauer credit card sign up and from a third party marketing provider. promoting safety and security; processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; website optimization; providing, improving, and developing our products and services categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80 (any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information) we collect this information from california residents in store, online, and through sms messaging, our customer service center, and social media. we also collect this information from the bank processing eddie bauer credit card sign up and from a third party marketing consortium. promoting safety and security; processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; website optimization; providing, improving, and developing our products and services characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law we collect this information from california residents in store and online. we also collect this information from the bank processing eddie bauer credit card sign up and from a third party marketing consortium. processing customer requests; providing, improving, and developing our products and services commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services  purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies we collect this information from california residents in store, online, and through our customer service call center and social media. we also collect this information from the bank processing eddie bauer credit card sign up and from a third party marketing consortium. processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; providing, improving, and developing our products and services internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet web-site, application, or advertisement we collect this information from california residents in store, online, and through sms messaging, our customer service call center, and social media. we also collect this information from the bank processing eddie bauer credit card sign up. processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; providing, improving, and developing our products and services geolocation information we collect this information from california residents online. marketing; providing, improving, and developing our products audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information we collect this information from california residents online and through our customer service call center and social media. processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; providing, improving, and developing our products and services biometric information we collect this information from california residents through social media. marketing inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes we collect this information from california residents in store, online, and through sms messaging, our customer call center, and social media. we also collect this information from the bank processing eddie bauer credit card sign up and from a third party marketing consortium. processing customer requests; marketing; website optimization; providing, improving, and developing our products and services in the preceding 12 months, eddie bauer has sold the following categories of personal information about california residents to the following categories of third parties.  eddie bauer may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category. category of personal information sold category of third party to which personal information disclosed identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifier antifraud consortium; marketing consortiums; analytics provider categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of  cal. civ. code section 1798.80 antifraud consortium; marketing consortiums; analytics provider commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services  purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies marketing consortiums; analytics provider internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet web-site, application, or advertisement marketing consortiums; analytics provider inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes marketing consortiums; analytics provider in the preceding 12 months, eddie bauer has disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about california residents to the following categories of third parties, to the extent the disclosure was made to a third party. category of personal information disclosed for a business purpose category of third party to which personal information disclosed, to the extent disclosed to a third party identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers printers for direct mail; marketing providers; analytics  provider; delivery service providers; sweepstakes provider; customer care and experience provider; parent company categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80 printers for direct mail; marketing providers; analytics provider; delivery service providers; sweepstakes provider; customer care and experience provider; parent company characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law marketing providers; analytics provider; customer care and experience provider; parent company commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies marketing providers; analytics providers; delivery service providers; sweepstakes provider; customer care and experience provider; social media users; parent company internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement marketing providers; analytics provider; sweepstakes provider; customer care and experience provider; social media users; parent company audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information sweepstakes provider; customer care and experience provider; social media users; parent company biometric information sweepstakes provider; social media users; parent company inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes marketing providers; analytics provider; customer care and experience provider; parent company eddie bauer will not discriminate against a california resident because the california resident exercised any of their rights under the ccpa, including, but not limited to, by: (1)  denying goods or services to the california resident; (2)  charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; (3)  providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the california resident; (4)  suggesting that the california resident will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. however, eddie bauer may charge a california resident a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to eddie bauer by that resident’s data. in addition, eddie bauer may offer financial incentives, including payments to california residents as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. eddie bauer may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to the california resident if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to eddie bauer by that resident’s data. eddie bauer will not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature. eddie bauer currently offers the below financial incentives: financial incentives program summary of financial incentive and material terms categories of personal information implicated opting into financial incentive withdrawing from financial incentive adventure rewards program membership in eddie bauer’s adventure rewards program provides the member with quarterly rewards certificates (rewards based on at least 3% and up to 7% on every dollar spent on qualifying purchases), member only sales, exclusive member offers, early access to sales, and free shipping. for additional details, please visit https://www.eddiebauer.com/content/program-terms * identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers * categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80 * characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law * commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies * internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement * inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes to opt-in, a resident may visit https://www.eddiebauer.com/user/acc-register-join-friends.jsp, https://www.eddiebauer.com/user/acc-register.jsp, or enroll in-store. a resident may withdraw from the program at any time by calling customer service center at 1-800-426-8020 or through email by visiting https://www.eddiebauer.com/custserv/ask-eddie-email.jsp. eddie bauer credit card individuals save 10% when they open an account and use the card to make a purchase. when individuals join adventure rewards at the same time, they earn an additional 2% rewards on purchases when paying with the credit card, free return shipping, and exclusive cardholder discounts. for additional details, please visit: https://www.eddiebauer.com/custserv/customer-service-eddie-bauer-credit-cards.jsp * identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers * categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80 * characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law * commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies * internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement * inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes to opt-in, a resident may visit https://d.comenity.net/eddiebauer/, call 1-866-507-6744, or enroll in-store. a resident may withdraw from the program at any time by contacting comenity bank at 1-866-507-6744. sms rewards program individuals receive a percent off their next purchase after agreeing to receive marketing and telemarketing text messages and may also receive subsequent exclusive offers, including discounts on certain purchases. for additional details, please visit the adventure rewards mobile program section at https://www.eddiebauer.com/content/program-terms * identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers * categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80 * characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law * commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies * internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement * inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes opt-in is currently by invitation only. once a resident receives the opportunity to opt-in, they may do so by submitting their mobile phone number on our landing page. for more information regarding opt-in a resident may call our customer service number at 1-800-426-8020. a resident may withdraw from the program at any time by texting stop to the short code 22020. a resident will receive a text message confirmation of their opt-out and will no longer receive any eddie bauer text messages to their mobile number unless they opt-back in. marketing emails after submitting their email address, individuals may receive exclusive offers, including discounts on certain purchases. * identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers * categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80 * characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law * commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies * internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement * inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes to opt-in, a resident may visit https://www.eddiebauer.com/ and enter their email address. a resident may withdraw from the program at any time by simply clicking the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every email they receive or through email by visiting https://www.eddiebauer.com/custserv/ask-eddie-email.jsp. e-sign act information the below information applies to individuals who have consented to the use of an e-signature to provide eddie bauer with permission to send autodialer recurring advertising and telemarketing text messages to their mobile device. at your request and at any time, by emailing customercare@csc.eddiebauer.com, eddie bauer will provide or make available at no cost, a record of your consent and the terms of your consent, in addition to the adventure rewards terms & conditions, website terms of use, and privacy statement on paper or in non-electronic form. you may withdraw, at any time without any conditions, consequences, or fees, your consent to the use of an e-signature to provide eddie bauer with permission to send autodialer recurring advertising and telemarketing text messages to your mobile device. to withdraw your consent and opt-out, you can text stop to the short code 22020. you will receive a text message confirmation of your opt-out, and will no longer receive any eddie bauer text messages to your mobile number unless you opt back in. your consent to the use of an e-signature applies only to eddie bauer’s permission to send autodialer recurring advertising and telemarketing text messages to your mobile device. to update information needed to contact you electronically please email customercare@csc.eddiebauer.com. how is my information protected? we have implemented physical, technological, and organizational safeguards and security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure of your personal information under our control. we also take measures to protect the personal information we disclose to third parties, for example by entering into contractual agreements stipulating the confidentiality of the information and the purposes for which it is to be used. please be aware that, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. you can help us by protecting and keeping your passwords safe at all times, and not using the same password for different applications or sites. you also can protect yourself and help us reduce the risk of fraud  by promptly notifying us if you suspect that your credit card, user name or password is lost, stolen or used without permission. in the event of a security breach, we will promptly notify you and the proper authorities if required by law. we will retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy statement, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. how to report fraud you can help us identify attempts at fraud. eddie bauer will never ask you for sensitive personal information in an email. if you receive a suspicious email appearing to come from eddie bauer, such as one requesting that you confirm personal information like your credit card number, or if you have received an email implying that it has been sent by eddie bauer after you have opted out of receipt of eddie bauer emails, you may forward the suspicious email to abuse@eddiebauer.com. you should not respond directly to suspicious email. and do not click on or open any hyperlink embedded in the suspicious email. there are a few common features of fraudulent emails that can help you identify them as spam. the two most frequent are: receiving an email that contains mistakes such as misspelled words or grammatical errors, and receiving an email that asks for your confidential information or asks you to take immediate action on your account. we encourage all of our customers to protect themselves and their information: do not share your credentials or account information with any third party, and make sure that your system is properly patched, running anti-virus and a personal firewall. if you have already provided information in response to a suspicious email that appeared to have been sent by eddie bauer, you may report the suspicious email by forwarding it to abuse@eddiebauer.com. thank you for helping us monitor and prevent fraud. children's policy we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information from children under 18. if we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 18 we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. please immediately contact us if you become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information. changes to this privacy statement we may periodically change this privacy statement and expect most changes to be minor. any non-material changes will take effect immediately upon posting of an updated privacy statement. for any significant changes to the privacy statement, we will provide you with a prominent notice of such changes, such as on the homepage of our website. where applicable, your continued use of our site after the effective date of this privacy statement means that you accept the revised privacy statement. if you do not agree to the revised privacy statement, please refrain from using our website. contact information feel free to contact us for any reason, including a request to be added to or taken off a list, or if you have any questions or concerns. please note: when you contact us, please provide your name and address exactly as it appears on correspondence you have received from us. by postal mail eddie bauer customer service p.o. box 7001 groveport, oh 43125 by phone call 24-hours a day at 1-800-426-8020 by email customercare@csc.eddiebauer.com communications from eddie bauer to unsubscribe from eddie bauer email if for any reason you would like to unsubscribe from our email program, please follow the instructions below: eddie bauer email simply click the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every email you receive. send us an email via our contact us form. eddie bauer mail and telemarketing preferences if you prefer not to receive eddie bauer catalogs from us, please contact us or call 1-800­426-8020. please include your full name and mailing address as it appears on your catalog. we will remove your name from our mailing list as soon as possible. please recognize that you may receive another catalog before we are able to remove you. if you wish to be placed on our "do not call" list, please let us know during the call, contact us or call 1-800-426-8020. store locator find one of over 275 eddie bauer stores in north america. eddie's product guarantee our products are built to last. if your eddie bauer product fails to perform as designed, bring it back and we will replace it adventure rewards earn up to 7% on purchases plus free shipping (bronze level and up)helpcustomer servicetrack your orderstart a returnreturns & exchangesshippingpayment optionscontact usshoppingsign in / registeradventure rewardsbuy gift cardspromos and couponseb credit cardapply nowpay my billvisit a storestore locatorabout usour storycareersland acknowledgementprivacy policyca supply chains actdo not sell my personal informationbe the first to know sign up california residents: by signing up, you agree to opt-in to financial incentives offered as part of eddie bauer’s adventure rewards program. for more information about financial incentives offered through the adventure rewards program, including material terms, please visit the financial incentivessection of our privacy policy.shopeb_outlet_logoterms of use | sitemap © 2020 eddie bauer llc. all rights reserved