来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20230923012248/https://www.eddiebauer.com/content/privacy-and-security/
================================================================================

privacy & securityenable accessibilityearn rewards on purchasesouterwear from $59.99view all offersstores     |sign in / sign up  limited time! select outerwear from $59.99 no code required. exclusions applyshop nowdetailsjoin adventure rewards for free shipping on all orders $75+ nonmembers get free standard shipping on all orders $100+. no code required.join adventure rewardsdetailstake an extra 40% off clearance use code: newyear40shop womenshop mendetailsadventure rewards join our free loyalty program and start earning points on every purchase. plus, get exclusive member benefits!learn moresign up nowpromotional codes, coupons & discounts looking for ways to save today on your favorite outdoor apparel and gear? we’ve got details just for you!view all bag happy birthday!please sign in to receive !discount will be applied to your bag.terms & conditionsemailpasswordshowsign inforgot your password?promo appliedthe promo has been applied to your bag!terms & conditionsshop nowview bagnew! featured cold weather trainingski shopbuck masonfleece & flannelgender neutral shop by category womenmenouterwearfootwearkidsgearhomewomen featured shop all women'snew arrivalssalewomen's petitewomen's tallwomen's plus buy more & save tops up to 30% offessentials up to 40% offtopst-shirtsshirtsactivewear topssweatshirts & hoodiessweatersflannelsshirt jacketsthermalsbaselayersbottomspantsjeansleggingsjoggerslined bottomsbaselayersshortscaprisouterwearrainwearjacketsinsulatedparkasvestssoftshell & wind jacketspantsbaselayersaccessorieshatssockssunglassesbeltsscarvesglovesbeaniesfleececasualtechnicalcozysleeploungewearslippersblankets & throwsdressesshoesbootshikingcasualsandalsmen featured shop all men'snew arrivalssalemountain opsmen's tall buy more & save tops up to 30% offessentials up to 40% offtopsshirtst-shirtssweatshirts & hoodiesflannelsthermalssweatersshirt jacketspolosbaselayersbottomspantsjeanslined bottomsbaselayersshortsboxersouterwearjacketsrainwearinsulatedvestsparkassoftshell & wind jacketspantsbaselayersaccessorieshatsbeltssunglassesglovesbeaniesscarvessocksfleececasualtechnicalcozyloungewearsleepslippersblankets & throwsshoeshikingcasualbootssandalskids featured shop all kidsgirls new arrivalsboys new arrivalssalekids skifamily sleepboysjacketsfleecetopsbottomssleepaccessoriesswimgirlsjacketsfleecetopsbottomssleepaccessoriesswiminfant & toddlerjacketsfleecesleepouterwear featured shop all outerwearsalewomen's petitewomen's tallwomen's plusmen's tallski shopouterwear care guidewomenjacketsinsulatedparkasrainwearvestssoftshell & wind jacketsfirst ascentpantsbaselayersmenjacketsinsulatedparkasrainwearvestssoftshell & wind jacketsfirst ascentpantsbaselayerskidsboys jackets & vestsgirls jackets & vestsinfant & toddler jackets & vestsgear featured shop all gearnew arrivalssale special collections stanley®looptworksnite ize®travelon®packs & luggagebackpacksduffels & luggagecoolerscrossbody bagstechnical packstote bagsequipmentblankets & throwschairstentssleeping bagsgear accessoriestraveloutdoorlightinggamesknives & toolssunglassesdrinkwarepetsshoes featured shop all shoesnew arrivalssaleessentials up to 40% offwomenbootsslipperscasualhikingsockssandalsmenbootsslipperscasualhikingsockssandalshome featured shop all homenew arrivalssale special collections portugese flannel beddinghomeblankets & throwssheets & pillowcasesduvet covers & shamscomforterspillowssale buy more & save tops up to 30% offessentials up to 40% offwomentopsbottomsouterwearaccessoriesfootwearmentopsbottomsouterwearaccessoriesfootwearkidsgirlsboysinfant & toddlergearhomeclearancewomentopsbottomsouterwearaccessoriesfootwearmentopsbottomsouterwearfootwearaccessorieskidsboysgirlsinfant & toddlergearpacks & luggageequipmentgear accessorieshomeblankets & throwscbd beddingabout us featured awards & presscommunity leaders who we are our founderawards & presscareerssustainability partners soul trak outdoorsamerican foreststhe heroes projectthe venture out projecthigh fives foundationthe juniper fundstoriesnewcamp & hikewellnessfoodrecent videoscommunityexpeditioneducationgear eddie bauer privacy policy last modified october 31,2023 this privacy policy describes how eddie bauer llc and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “eddie bauer,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process information about you. this privacy policy applies to eddie bauer’s operations in the united states and canada, including information we collect when you access or use our websites that link to this privacy policy (collectively, our “services”), or when you otherwise interact with us, such as in our stores, through our customer support channels or marketing campaigns, at an event, or on social media. we may provide different or additional notices of our privacy practices for certain products, services, or activities, in which case those notices will supplement or replace the disclosures in this privacy policy. if you visit an eddie bauer store or website from outside the united states or canada, this privacy policy will not apply to you. outside of the united states and canada, eddie bauer’s operations (including stores and websites) are operated by independent third parties, and the privacy policies of those third parties will apply to the personal information they collect. we may change this privacy policy from time to time. if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy. if we make material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to the services or sending you a notification). we encourage you to review this privacy policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. if you visit an eddie bauer store or website from outside the united states or canada, this privacy policy will not apply to you. outside of the united states and canada, eddie bauer operations (including stores and websites) are operated by independent third parties, and the privacy policies of those third parties will apply to the personal information they collect. we may change this privacy policy from time to time. if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy. if we make material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to the services or sending you a notification). we encourage you to review this privacy policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. contents collection of information use of information targeted advertising and analytics disclosure of information your choices additional information for consumers residing in certain u.s. states additional informatoin for consumers residing in canada contact us collection of information the information we collect about you depends on how you interact with us or use our services. in this section, we describe the categories of information we collect and the sources of this information. information you provide to us we collect information you provide directly to us. for example, we collect information directly from you when you create an account, make a purchase, submit or post content through our services (including product reviews and other user-generated content), communicate with us via third-party platforms, participate in our contests, sweepstakes, or promotions, sign up for rewards or marketing communications from us, participate in a research panel, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. the types of information that we collect include your name, email address, billing address, shipping address, phone number, username and password for an eddie bauer account, gender/gender identity, body measurements and body type, month and day of birth, social media handle, videos, images, information about your lifestyle, shopping habits, interests, and hobbies, and any other information you choose to provide. if you make a purchase from us, we work with a third-party payment processor to collect and process your payment information information we collect automatically we automatically collect certain information about your interactions with us or our services, including: transactional information: when you make a purchase, exchange, or return, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction. device and usage information: we collect information about how you access or use our services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, ip address, unique device identifiers, and browser type. we also collect information about your activity on our services and your interactions with our ads and communications (such as the routes by which you access our services along with access dates and times), browsing behavior (such as pages viewed, links clicked, information about your activity on a specific page, items placed in your cart or added to your wish list), and information about your interactions with our emails audio and video recordings, photos, and chat content:  we capture photographs and video recordings in our stores for security and loss prevention purposes. if you contact customer service through our chat feature or by phone, we may monitor and retain those conversations, including for training purposes. information collected by cookies and similar tracking technologies:  we use tracking technologies, such as cookies, pixels, web beacons, apis, and clear gifs to collect information about your interactions with the services. these technologies help us improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular, and count visits. for more information about the cookies and other tracking technologies we use and how to disable them, see the targeted advertising and analytics section and the cookies and similar tracking technologies section below. information we collect from other sources we are part of the sparc group and may receive information about you from other brands in our corporate family. we also obtain information from other sources, such as: marketing partners, including joint marketing/co-branding partners, data co-ops, data brokers, and marketing, advertising, and analytics companies; service providers and vendors, including fraud prevention providers, mailing list providers, fulfillment partners, and shipping carriers; social media sites or similar third-party services when you like, follow, or share eddie bauer content on facebook, twitter, instagram, or similar sites; and financial institutions and partners that operate eddie bauer’s credit card program. the types of information we collect from other sources include your contact information (such as name, phone number, and postal address), device and usage information (such as ip address and inferred geolocation), demographic information (such as age and gender), information about your occupation and household, and information about previous purchases, product preferences, rewards program participation, interests, and shopping habits. additionally, if you create or log into your eddie bauer account or interact with us through a third-party platform (such as facebook, instagram, or google), we will have access to certain information from that platform, such as your profile information, profile picture, user id associated with your third-party platform account, and any other information the third-party platform discloses about you, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform. information we derive we may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. for example, we may make inferences about your approximate location based on your ip address or infer that you are looking to purchase certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases. use of information we use the information we collect to provide, maintain, improve, and develop our products and services and personalize your experience with us. we also use the information we collect to: send you technical notices, security alerts, support messages and other transactional or relationship messages; communicate with you about products, services, promotions, and events offered by eddie bauer and others and provide news and information that we think will interest you (go to our marketing opt-out form for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time); provide and administer our rewards program; monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our products and services; target advertisements to you on third-party platforms and websites (for more information and to opt out, see the opting out of targeted advertising, sharing, and sales section below); facilitate contests, sweepstakes, and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards; detect, investigate, and help prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and help protect the rights and property of eddie bauer and others; and comply with our legal and financial obligations. targeted advertising and analytics we engage others to provide analytics, serve advertisements, and perform related services across the web and in mobile apps. these entities may use cookies, web beacons, sdks, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our services and other websites and mobile apps, including your ip address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information. this information is used to deliver advertisements targeted to your interests on other companies’ sites or mobile apps and to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity. you can opt out of cookie-based ad targeting on our website by following the prompts at  your privacy choices  . your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our website from a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. you can also learn more about interest-based ads or opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes by companies that participate in the digital advertising alliance by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices if you reside in the united states, or https://youradchoices.ca if you reside in canada. in addition to cookie-based ad targeting, we may disclose your identifiers, such as your email address(es) and phone number(s), to some of our advertising partners. these advertising partners translate that information into a unique identifier that can then be used to show ads that are more relevant to you across the web and in mobile apps. depending on where you reside, you may opt out of these disclosures by filling out our web form. disclosures of information we disclose (or permit others to directly collect) information about you. we disclose personal information as described in this privacy policy and in the following ways: we disclose personal information to vendors, service providers, contractors, and consultants that need this information to provide services to us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, financing, fraud prevention, customer service, marketing, advertising, and analytics. if you provide a product review or post content on our services, other users of our services and other sites where our products are sold will be able to see this information. we may disclose personal information to data co-ops and data brokers to expand the reach and effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and other third parties for their own marketing purposes. depending on where you reside, you may opt out of these disclosures by filling out our  web form. we are part of the  sparc group and may disclose information about you to other brands in our corporate family, including for their marketing and advertising purposes. depending on where you reside, these activities may constitute “sales” and you may opt out of these disclosures by filling out our web form. we disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. we disclose personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of eddie bauer, our users, the public, or others. we disclose personal information to our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests. we disclose personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of certain corporate transactions, including the merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company. we disclose personal information when we have your consent or if you direct us to do so we also disclose aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. eddie bauer processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify such information, except as permitted by law. your choices account information you can access, modify, and delete certain information stored within your online account by loggingin into your account at any time. communications preferences you may opt out of receiving text messages, promotional emails, or promotional mail from eddie bauer by following the instructions in our marketing opt-out form or in those communications. if you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. cookies and similar tracking technologies eddie bauer uses cookies and similar tracking technologies to analyze visits to our websites and interactions with our communications to help us improve our website, services, and marketing campaigns. most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies or follow the prompts at  your privacy choices  to disable targeting cookies. note that removing or rejecting certain cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services. additional information for consumers residing in certain u.s. statescalifornia, colorado, connecticut, utah, and virginia have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“state laws”). if you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you. additional disclosures california, colorado, connecticut, utah, and virginia have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“state laws”). if you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you. our privacy policy explains how we collect ,use, and disclose information about you, as well are our targeted advertisting and analytics practices. below, we use two different tables to explain this same information in accordance with the state laws. the tables describe our data practices now and over the past 12 months. personal information that we “share,” “sell,” or use for “targeted advertising”we disclose the following categories of personal information to third parties to engage in targeted advertising and other marketing activities, including to expand the reach and effectiveness of our own marketing campaigns and for third parties’ own marketing purposes. these disclosures may be considered “sales” or “sharing” or use of personal information for “targeted advertising” under certain state laws. other details about our information practices we collect personal information directly from you (for example, when you place an order from our website or make a purchase at one of our stores), automatically when you access or use our services or shop in our stores, and from third-party sources such as joint marketing partners, each described in more detail in collection of personal informatoion section above. we do not knowingly collect, sell, or share personal information about consumers under the age of 16. we do not collect information that is considered “sensitive” under state laws and we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you. our retention periods for personal information are based on business needs and legal requirements. we retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which we originally collected it and for other business purposes explained in this privacy policy. for example, we may retain certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for claims arising from the transaction has expired. in addition, we retain your email address and information about your marketing preferences to ensure that we can honor those preferences. your privacy rights opt out of sales, sharing, and targeted advertising some of the activities described in the targeted advertising and analytics section about may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or use of your information for “targeted advertising” under the law that applies to you. you can opt out of cookie-based ad targeting on our website by following the prompts at  your privacy choices  . you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our website from a new device or browser or if you clear your cookies because your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only. if you reside in california, you can also opt out of web-based ad targeting by visiting our website with a legally-recognized opt-out preference signal enabled, such as the global privacy control. in addition to cookie-based ad targeting, we may disclose information about your purchases and contact information (such as email and mailing address) to our affiliates, advertising partners, and other third parties for marketing and advertising purposes, which may constitute “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or use of your information for “targeted advertising.” you can opt out of having your information disclosed to these third parties by filling out our web form. access, correction, and deletion you have the right to (1) request to know more about and access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal information, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information. to request access, correction, or deletion of your personal information, please fill out this form or call out toll-free number at 800-426-8020. we will verify your request by asking you to provide certain information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. you can also access, modify, and delete certain information stored within your online account by logging into your account at any time. appeals if we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at privacy@eddiebauer.com. if you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.. nondiscrimination we will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. authorized agents if you reside in california, you can designate an authorized agent to submit a privacy rights request on your behalf. we may ask authorized agents to submit proof of their authority to make a request, such as a valid power of attorney or proof that they have signed permission from the consumer who is the subject of the request. in some cases, we may be required to contact the individual who is the subject of the request to verify his or her own identity or confirm the authorized agent has permission to submit the request. if you are an authorized agent seeking to make an access, correction, or deletion request on behalf of a california resident, please fill out this web form. if you are an authorized agent seeking to make an opt-out request for a consumer in california, colorado, or connecticut, please fill out this web form. notice of financial incentives we provide discounts, rewards, or other benefits to customers who join our rewards programs or sign up to receive our marketing emails or text messages. these offerings may constitute “financial incentives” or “bona fide loyalty programs” under certain state privacy laws (for simplicity, we refer to these collectively as “financial incentives”). if you participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers (like your name, email address, and phone number), commercial information (like your purchase history), and inferences drawn from your personal information (like your product preferences and interests). we disclose this information to our service providers, contractors, and consultants who perform services on our behalf, to other brands in our corporate family, and to our marketing and advertising partners, including for the purposes of engaging in targeted advertising and other marketing activities. you can opt into a financial incentive by following the sign-up or participation instructions provided and you can opt out at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions in the applicable program’s terms and conditions, promotional emails, or text messages, or contacting us at privacy@eddiebauer.com. if you request that we delete any of your personal information that is essential to providing you with the financial incentive, we will not be able to provide you with the benefits of that program (e.g., if you ask us to delete your email address, we will no longer be able to provide you with early access to sales or other benefits via email). in some cases, we may provide additional terms and conditions, which we will provide to you when you sign up. the value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or discount presented to you. members who join our rewards program will need to contact customer service at privacy@eddiebauer.com or 800-426-8020 to delete their account. shine the light california’s shine the light law permits residents of california to request certain details about how their information is disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes. under the law, eddie bauer must either provide this information or permit california residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of disclosure. eddie bauer qualifies for this alternative option. to opt out of having information about you disclosed to our affiliates or other third parties for direct marketing purposes, please fill out this form. additional disclosures for individuals in canada if you are a canadian resident, this section applies to you. privacy rights and choices you may exercise your rights to access and correct the personal information we hold about you by following the instructions set forth in the your privacy rights and choices section above. consent by providing personal information to eddie bauer, or our service providers and agents, you consent to the collection use, disclosure, and transfer of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and as permitted or required by law. you may withdraw your consent at any time to the collection, use, disclosure, or transfer of your personal information time by contacting eddie bauer at privacy@eddiebauer.com. if you withdraw your consent (or if you decide not to provide certain personal information), you acknowledge that eddie bauer may not be able to provide you, or continue to provide you, with certain products, services, or information that may be of value to you. canada’s anti spam law (“casl”) we will only send you commercial electronic messages (“cems”) where we have your express or implied consent to do so. your consent to receive cems is implied where we have an existing business relationship with you, or you have reached out to us and made an inquiry within a certain time frame. you may unsubscribe from receiving cems at any time, by following the instructions in our marketing opt-out form or in those communications. data retention and data transfers we will retain the personal information that you provide in accordance with applicable laws, and we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information we hold if it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected. your personal information may be stored and accessed by us in canada and the united states, and we use third-party service providers which may be located in or may have servers in the united states or another country. we transfer your information to these third-party service providers only to the extent necessary for them to perform the services on our behalf. we do not authorize our service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information, but your information may be accessible to governmental and law enforcement organizations in those countries. contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us store locator find one of over 250 eddie bauer stores in north america. adventure rewards sign up today to start earning rewards! vision statement to inspire, enable, and empower everyone to experience the outdoors and live their adventure.helpcustomer servicetrack your orderreturn policystart a returnshippingpayment optionscontact usshoppingsign in / registeradventure rewardsbuy gift cardspromos and couponsfind your fitprice match policyeb credit cardapply nowpay my billvisit a storestore locatorabout usour storycareersland acknowledgementprivacy policyyour privacy choicesca supply chains actnotice at collectiondo not contact meaccessibility statementbe the first to knowearn rewards and be the first to hear about sales and special offers.sign upshopterms of use | sitemap © 2024 eddie bauer llc. all rights reserved