来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250515045854/https://www.awaytravel.com/pages/away-best-luggage-vs-competitors
================================================================================

away difference skip to content business class bags—no upgrade required. shop now spring break can't wait. start packing now save $50 on any bag and suitcase combo.* shop now help austin boston: newbury boston: seaport chicago dallas houston la: venice beach la: west hollywood london nyc : williamsburg nyc: noho nashville san francisco san jose seattle toronto washington dc all stores store menu away: built for modern travel new arrivals shop new arrivals featherlight collection active collection shop all new arrivals new styles, built for business best sellers luggage shop by size all luggage carry-ons checked compare carry-ons compare checked shop by material hardside softside aluminum compare materials featured translucent collection build your travel uniform bags shop by category all bags duffles backpacks totes crossbodies diaper bags compare bags featured featherlight collection active collection build your travel uniform fresh arrivals for frequent flyers accessories shop by category all accessories packing organizers toiletry bags tech organizers small leather accessories luggage tags & charms clear toiletry bag guides product guides compare carry-ons compare checked compare materials compare bags featured best sellers blog posts carry-on packing guide personal items size guide long flight travel tips sale search log in cart menu new arrivals shop new arrivals featherlight collection active collection shop all new arrivals new styles, built for business best sellers luggage shop by size all luggage carry-ons checked compare carry-ons compare checked shop by material hardside softside aluminum compare materials featured translucent collection build your travel uniform bags shop by category all bags duffles backpacks totes crossbodies diaper bags compare bags featured featherlight collection active collection build your travel uniform fresh arrivals for frequent flyers accessories shop by category all accessories packing organizers toiletry bags tech organizers small leather accessories luggage tags & charms clear toiletry bag guides product guides compare carry-ons compare checked compare materials compare bags featured best sellers blog posts carry-on packing guide personal items size guide long flight travel tips sale log in help our stores austin boston: newbury boston: seaport chicago dallas houston la: venice beach la: west hollywood london nyc : williamsburg nyc: noho nashville san francisco san jose seattle toronto washington dc all stores search type what you are looking for... shop the bigger carry-on the everywhere bag the medium flex the insider packing cubes featured new arrivals best sellers journal how to pack and organize a carry-on suitcase 11/14/24 how to customize your travel uniform with matching luggage + personalized luggage tags 3/24/25 sky's the limit: your guide to personal item sizes 11/14/24 why away luggage is the best loved by millions. designed by travelers, for travelers. get to know our award-winning classic suitcases—and see why you should join the millions of travelers who have been getting away since 2016. the votes are in it’s true—everyone loves an original. in 2016, we set out to change the travel game with the launch of our iconic carry-on. seven years later, our luggage is still #1. nyt wirecutter best hard-sided carry-on suitcase “this bag stood out among competitors for its high-end components, such as sturdy zippers and the best-rolling wheels of any bag we tested.” shop the carry-on customers are raving we’ve been putting our travel-obsessed customers first since the beginning, with no signs of slowing down. but don’t take our word for it. we’ll let the 25,000+ 5-star reviews speak for themselves. “what a great suitcase! it’s held up to italian cobblestones, been on and off countless planes, been pulled through 20 italian villages, rough french streets—and still looks and performs like new. what a great company; we’re fans for life.” bob p. verified buyer - the bigger carry-on “last month i traveled to portugal and spain for two weeks using my medium flex away bag and loved how much space i actually had! leaving for my trip i underpacked hoping for a few “inches” of souvenir space. needless to say, i had tons of room!” eva s. verified buyer - the medium flex “love the bag—fits so much and wheels around so lightly. love the company—so helpful and thorough. i’m a happy customer” patricia w. verified buyer - the bigger carry-on “away is the best way to go. the away line of products are the best. my daughter introduced me to it. can’t say enough good things about it. i swear by them.” agnes a. verified buyer - the large “we were so, so satisfied with our bigger carry-on! the wheels pivoted so well over european streets and there was so much space for everything i wanted to pack. my chiropractor and his family decided to buy three of these pieces for their trip to italy after i told them how easy it was to pack and travel with this carry-on. bravo for the away team!!!” janet n. verified buyer - the bigger carry-on “i can’t say enough good things about this suitcase. my husband and i travel up to 5 months on some trips and we need formal and casual and sport clothes in different seasons. we are able to do that with each of us using an away set made of the large, the medium, and carry-on bags. these bags are designed so well with the compression flap and the mesh side—it makes it so easy to pack! plus, customer service is so good! thanks, away!” diane r. verified buyer - the large luggage that stands out the difference is in the details. here’s what makes our award-winning classic suitcases the best in the world. lightweight and durable as the original hard shell innovators, we’ve perfected the lightweight and virtually unbreakable shell of our suitcases. built to withstand even the harshest of conditions. just roll with it smooth-gliding, 360° spinner wheels that move you forward, and never hold you back. navigating everything from busy airports to cobblestone streets has never been easier. fit for every trip the durable, lightweight, and impact-resistant 100% polycarbonate shell is designed to withstand any journey, and lets you pack (and protect) even more. compare carry-ons compare checked the away nod™️ away travelers know—it’s the best-looking luggage at the gate. from handles to wheels to colors, every suitcase component has been thoughtfully considered by our design team. handle it all our high-grade, quick-release trolley handle is designed for maximum comfort and better maneuverability, featuring two adjustable height settings. get a (better) grip an additional underside grab handle makes our lightweight suitcases even easier to grab and lift—especially from the baggage claim carousel. (we’ve been there.) packing level: expert our patented interior compression system means you can maximize every inch of packing space, thanks to our double-buckle compression pad and thoughtful interior pockets. zip up. lock in. keep all of your belongings safe and secure, thanks to a tsa-approved combination lock and ergonomic, reverse coil zippers that easily pull, swivel, and rotate. shop away meet flex our award-winning line of expandable suitcases. need room for more? with the same thoughtful features you know and love about our classic suitcases, our flex suitcases are designed with an expandable zipper that gives you extra packing space when you need it. available in 4 sizes and 10+ colors. zipper expansion durable lightweight shell interior compression 360° wheels underside grab handle 4 sizes shop flex superior quality testing standards we don't take quality lightly. our suitcases are put through 30+ tests—from the shell, to wheels and zippers—that simulate real-life travel elements and extreme environmental conditions. luggage with the highest level of durability and longevity is our priority. drop tested we know you can't control how your luggage is handled. that's why we perform drop tests, loading up the suitcase and dropping it on every face, corner, and wheel, to ensure there is no cracking or denting. jerk tested handles our suitcases are designed for maximum stability, especially when it comes to our handles. we perform a jerk test on all handles to simulate real-life use to ensure that they remain stable, even from the toughest handling. wheels for the long-haul there’s a reason why our custom, smooth-gliding wheels are raved about. we perform a mileage test to simulate everything from rough airport carpets to cobblestone streets to ensure our wheels roll smoothly—wherever your travels take you. more reasons to get away our mission & values we believe the more we travel, the better we all become. we’re committed to creating equitable access to the benefits of travel—for everyone. learn more free shipping* & limited lifetime warranty we offer free shipping on luggage orders, and free returns and exchanges for the first 100 days on unused items. plus, our suitcases are guaranteed by a limited lifetime warranty. shop suitcases *on orders over $100 visit us irl we have 15 stores all across the us, uk, and canada—and more coming soon! stop by and shop our entire lineup irl. find your store world-class experts questions? our world-class team of dedicated experts (and fellow travelers) is here to help you with all of it, all the time. get in touch millions of ways to customize travel is personal. your travel essentials should be, too. choose from a variety of options to personalize your luggage. personalize it stay in the know we’ll send you updates on our latest launches and more. need to take off? unsubscribe at any time. email address subscribe by clicking submit, you agree to our privacy policy and terms. we'll send you updates on all things away. need to take off unsubscribe anytime. visit us irl: your closest store austin (512) 814-1255 11701 domain blvd suite 120 austin, tx 78758 all stores visit us irl: your closest store boston: newbury (857) 328-0662 179 newbury street boston, ma 02116 all stores visit us irl: your closest store boston: seaport (617) 535-3366 50 seaport blvd boston, ma 02210 all stores visit us irl: your closest store chicago (312) 517-0099 1121 n state st. chicago, il 60610 all stores visit us irl: your closest store dallas (469) 620-0875 northpark center 8687 n. central expressway suite 786 dallas, tx 75225 all stores visit us irl: your closest store washington dc (202) 978-2604 3237 m street nw washington, dc 20007 all stores visit us irl: your closest store houston (713) 936-6847 4033 westheimer rd. houston, tx 77027 all stores visit us irl: your closest store la: venice beach (424) 264-2251 1103 abbot kinney blvd. unit #2 venice, ca 90291 all stores visit us irl: your closest store la: west hollywood (323) 424-3561 8400 melrose ave. los angeles, ca 90069 all stores visit us irl: your closest store london 020 7681 0341 9 earlham st. london wc2h 9ll, uk all stores visit us irl: your closest store nashville (615) 716-9225 2311 12th ave s, suite #103 nashville, tn 37204 all stores visit us irl: your closest store nyc: noho (646) 649-3191 364 lafayette st. new york, ny 10012 all stores visit us irl: your closest store nyc : williamsburg (347) 955-9411 111 n 3rd st., brooklyn, ny, 11249, usa all stores visit us irl: your closest store san francisco (415) 796-2171 371 hayes st. san francisco, ca 94102 all stores visit us irl: your closest store san jose (408) 716-8882 378 santana row. suite 1010 san jose, ca 95128 all stores visit us irl: your closest store seattle (206) 407-3209 250 howe st vancouver bc v6c 3r8 all stores visit us irl: your closest store toronto 416-929-5666 yorkdale shopping centre 3401 dufferin st unit 533 toronto, on m6a2t9 all stores shop best sellers luggage bags shop all accessories back in stock gift card corporate gifting about our stores the away difference refer a friend careers blog press sitemap community discounts get help order tracking make a return or exchange warranty & repairs set your lock all faqs contact us instagram facebook twitter pinterest canada united kingdom united states country/region privacy policy terms & conditions mobile tos accessibility your privacy choices © 2025, away: built for modern travel choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. item added! loading... × [storeify-storelocator]