来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090918102644/http://www.cabinetparts.com/customer-service/
================================================================================

customer service - cabinetparts.com homeproduct by category product by manufacturersearch toolcustomer serviceabout usmember servicesview cart customer service getting startedordering & shipping infoprivacy statementeasy returnssite issueslink to us why cabinetparts.com?since 1997, cabinetparts.com has been striving to be the one stop source for all your cabinet hardware needs. with over 10,000 different products and 37 different manufacturers, we can fulfill your need for just about any application.our commitment to quality means that we will ship your order fast( most ship in 24-48 hours), stand behind what we sell and provide you with the resources of our excellent customer service & technical staff both before and after your receive your order. we want you to be completely satisfied with your experience at cabinetparts.com. your special id # ordering informationinternet orders: secure on-line ordering is available 24/7 at www.cabinetparts.comorders placed or received after 2:00 p.m. est will not be processed until the following business day. most orders are shipped within 24 hours after processing.phone orders: our customer service department is available to take phone orders monday-friday 8:00 a.m. -5:00 p.m. est.orders called in after 2:00 p.m. est will not be processed until the following business day. most orders are shipped within 24 hours after processing.we do not have a showroom or retail outlet.processing examples example #1order is called in at 3:00 pm est on mondayorder is not processed until tuesdayorder will ship at the latest on wednesdayexample #2on-line order received at 11:00 pm on mondayorder is processed on tuesdayorder is shipped at the latest on wednesdayexample #3on-line order received at 1:00 pm on mondayorder is processed on monday order is shipped at the latest on tuesday shipping transit times ground usps or fedex 2+ lbs transit time: varies 2-6 days 2nd day shipping transit time: varies 2 days 3 day express saver transit time: varies 3 days standard overnight transit time: varies 1 day fedex priority overnight transit time: 1 day-by 10:30am. fedex international ground transit time: 5-10 days fedex international economy transit time: varies 5-14 days fedex international priority transit time: 1-3 days dhl worldwide express transit time: 1-5 days transit times are estimates and may change depending on carrier. transit days are for business days only. please check shipping schedule above for estimated shipping date. fedex international ground is for canada and mexico only. shippingmost orders are shipped within 24 hours after processing. if we're temporarily out of stock, you will be notified accordingly. overnight service is available for delivery on the next regular business day after your order is processed. this does not include saturdays.for your convenience we offer 4 levels of shipping service.standard deliverythis is the least expensive way we can ship your order. this can be via u.s. mail (parcel post or priority) or federal express ground service. after processing, shipments will arrive anywhere from 2-6 business days depending upon your location and the carrier.standard overnight deliveryshipped via federal express, delivered the next regular business day after order is processed. orders placed or received after 2:00 p.m. est will not be processed until the next regular business day. most orders are shipped within 24 hours after processing. standard overnight is next business day (mon-fri) delivery by 3:00 p.m. to most u.s. addresses; by 4:30 p.m. to rural areas. please note that this service is not available to alaska or hawaii.2nd day deliveryshipped via federal express, delivered the second regular business day after the order is processed. orders placed or received after 2:00 p.m. est will not be processed until the next regular business day. 2 day delivery is in 2 regular business days to most areas by 4:30 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. to residences.express saver deliveryshipped via federal express, delivered the 3 rd regular business day after the order is processed. orders placed or received after 2:00 p.m. est will not be processed until the next regular business day. express saver delivery is in 3 regular business days to most areas by 4:30 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. to residences.backordersif an item is temporarily out of stock you will be notified accordingly. if a backorder causes your order to be sent in multiple shipments, we pay standard shipping on all shipments following the original order. this does not apply to international orders. all overweight item charges apply.special order itemsall special orders are subject to the manufacturer's terms and require specific lead times. these items are non-cancelable and non-returnable in most cases.items shipped directly from manufactureritems such as laminate and veneer are shipped directly to you from the manufacturer. for this reason, these items will not arrive with other items shipped from our warehouse. items shipped directly from the manufacturer may take 15 business days or longer for delivery, depending on manufacturer availability. all items shipped from the manufacturer may not be returned without authorization, and are subject to a 25% restocking fee.oversized/heavy itemsseparate charges apply to oversized items like pantries and other heavy or large items. these items will normally ship via common carrier truck line. actual charges apply with a $35.00 fee for residential delivery. damages incurred during shipment are the liability of the carrier.international ordersyes! we ship internationally. add items to your cart for a shipping estimate.special notices- all shipping charges are approximate and subject to change prior to final shipment.- laminates are shipped separately from all other products.- canada shipments - customer must cover all duty, gst-customs, brokerage, pst, and duty disbursement charges.- nevamar and wilsonart laminates are shipped from separate locationspricingprices listed on-line are in u.s. currency and are subject to change without notice.for quantity pricing beyond what is listed on-line please contact customer service at 800 857 8721 mon.-fri. 8:00a.m.-5:00p.m.orders under $6.00 will be charged a $2.50 small order fee. registration forms:our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address). contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases and information about our company. the customers contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary (i.e incorrect shipping/billing information).order forms:our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. we collect contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary as noted above. users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.external links:this site may contain links to other sites. cabinetparts.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.your information:we will never sell nor share your information with anyone.public forums:this site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.security:this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. cabinetparts.com believes security is the most important issue we face today and we go to great lengths to insure all information is handled securely. all order forms and all your details are encrypted and sent to us safely using ssl technology - the world's security standard for electronic commerce.choice/opt-out:although our policy is to publish any promotions on the web site, occasionally we will contact our customers through email. our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us. to opt-out of future marketing promotions please click here to contact us.if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact: please contact us easy returns or exchangescabinetparts.com wants you to be satisfied with every product we sell, but we realize that you may change your mind on a purchase and wish to exchange or return a product.cabinetparts.com ez exchange within 30 daysfor the fastest exchange service, call 1-800-857-8721, m-f 8am-5pm est and request an ezexchange . we'll give you a unique return id number for the item(s) to be returned. we will then ask you to identify the new item(s) you want, which we can often ship the next day. we'll need to charge you for the new item but once we receive your return, we'll credit you the cost of the original item in full less s&h. any item missing parts or broken may be refused for credit and subject to a restocking fee at the discretion of management.(special factory orders may be subject to restocking charges if not defective)new and unopened returns within 30 dayswe are happy to accept products that are returned within 30 days from the date of receipt in new condition. any item missing parts or broken may be refused for credit and subject to a restocking fee at the discretion of management. items drop shipped directly from a manufacturer are subject to a 25% restocking fee if not defective. no custom orders are returnable. no exceptions . you are responsible for return shipping charges. no cod returns will be accepted. return policy for wilsonart and nevamar laminatesin order to process orders quickly and efficiently, laminate is shipped directly from the manufacturer.due to the nature of the shipping of laminates, it has been necessary to establish special terms and conditions for the return of laminate orders. the following terms apply to all laminate orders:product may be returned. all returns are subject to a 25% restocking fee. pre-authorization is required. contact cabinetparts.com customer service department at 800 857 8721 for return authorization. returning product must be shipped in original packing and arrive in clean, resalable condition. the customer is responsible for return shipping costs. the purchase of insurance is advisable when returning laminate. laminate must be returned within 7 days of receipt of product.credit will be issued upon successful acceptance of the returned product by the manufacturer. how to return an item1. call us at 1-800-857-8721, m-f 8am-5pm est2. we will email you a link to download your ez return form. this form is required to make your return.3. safely pack your item in the original packaging if possible, and enclose the completed ez return form along with a copy of the original invoice/packing slip that accompanied your shipment.4. cut off the merchandise return label found on the ez return form. place this label over the original shipping label.5. bring it to your preferred carrier and send it back to us for prompt processing.have questions regarding exchanges or returns? need additional assistance?call our friendly and knowledgeable service group at 800-857-8721 m-f 8am-5pm est or contact us below is the 2 functions required for our site to work. please ensure you have cookies, and javascript enabled. how do i enable javascript in my browser? in order for our website to work correctly, you will need to have javascript enabled in your browser. to do so, please follow the instructions below: internet explorer (6.0) select 'tools' from the top menu choose 'internet options' click on the 'security' tab click on 'custom level' scroll down until you see section labled 'scripting' under 'active scripting', select 'enable' and click ok internet explorer (7.0) select tools > internet options. click on the security tab. click the custom level button. scroll down to the scripting section. select enable for active scripting and scripting of java applets. click ok. select yes if a box appears to confirm. click ok. close window. reload page. netscape navigator (4.8) select 'edit' from the top menu choose 'preferences' choose 'advanced' choose 'scripts & plugins' select the 'enable javascript' checkbox and click ok mozilla firefox (1.0) select 'tools' from the top menu choose 'options' choose 'web features' from the left navigation select the checkbox next to 'enable javascript' and click ok mozilla firefox (1.5) select 'tools' from the top menu choose 'options' choose 'content' from the top navigation select the checkbox next to 'enable javascript' and click ok mozilla firefox (2.x) open firefox. on the tools menu, click options. click content in the options list. under the content section, check the box next to enable javascript. click the advanced button to open the advanced javascript options box. check the appropriate boxes under allow scripts to. click ok. click ok. apple safari (1.0) select 'safari' from the top menu choose 'preferences' choose 'security' select the checkbox next to 'enable javascript' please keep in mind that upgrading your browser or installing new security software or security patches may affect your javascript settings. it is a good idea to double-check that javascript is still enabled if you notice problems using our website. additionally, if your javascript setting is set to 'prompt', you may encounter a warning about downloading potentially dangerous scripts from our website. how to enable cookies to enable cookies, follow the instructions below for the browser version you are using. mozilla firefox (1.0 final release and earlier) go to the "tools" menu. select "options". select the "privacy" icon in the left panel. check the box corresponding to "allow sites to set cookies". click "ok" to save changes. netscape 7.1/mozilla 5.0 select "preferences" from the edit menu. click on the arrow next to "privacy & security" in the scrolling window to expand. under "privacy & security", select "cookies." select "enable all cookies". click "ok". microsoft internet explorer 6.0+ select "internet options" from the tools menu. click on the "privacy" tab. click the "default" button (or manually slide the bar down to "medium") under "settings". click "ok". microsoft internet explorer 5.x select "internet options" from the tools menu. click on the "security" tab. click the "custom level" button. scroll down to the "cookies" section. to enable: set "allow cookies that are stored on your computer" to "enable". set "allow per-session cookies" to "enable". click "ok". microsoft internet explorer 4.x select "internet options" from the view menu. click on the "advanced" tab. scroll down to find "cookies" within the "security" section. to enable: select "always accept cookies". click "ok". netscape communicator 4.x select "preferences" from the edit menu. find the "cookies" section in the "advanced" category. to enable: select "accept all cookies" (or "enable all cookies"). click "ok". link to cabinetparts.com why: if you have a website, blog or social networking page, we want you to link to us. we appreciate those who do for the great show of support. thank you from the team at cabinetparts.com. how: to link to us, choose a logo from the choices listed below and paste the code into your website. if you need a special size created, or help setting this up, contact us. paste code below into your website paste code below into your website paste code below into your website visit cabinetparts.compaste code below into your website cabinet hardware and accessoriespaste code below into your website copyright © 1997 - 2009 cabinetparts.com, inc. all rights reserved telephone: 800-857-8721 - 1301 w copans rd. ste g-6, pompano beach, fl 33064 need help?ask our professionals...your question hereload time: 6 milliseconds. size: 39790 search - go back: cabinet hardware and accessories cabinetparts.com home