来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228134849/http://www.crucial.com/articles/index.aspx
================================================================================

crucial.com - ram, ssd, flash memory news, information and articles crucial.com sign in my cart other countries my account my cart sign out you must sign out to change regional sites memory (ram) we make upgrading your computer memory easy! use our free tool to scan your computer. we'll tell you what you've got, what's compatible, and make a recommendation to increase performance! shop by memory type ddr3 ddr2 ddr sdram edo shop by category performance memory mac memory server memory shop by manufacturer or choose from the full list: step 1 — select manufacturer acer apple asus dell gateway hp-compaq lenovo toshiba solid-state drives crucial ssds. performance you can trust. ssds are flash-based drives that offer greater reliability and faster performance over traditional magnetic hard drives. that’s not just marketing talk – that's engineering, design, and functionality facts. shop by capacity 64 gb 128 gb 256 gb 512 gb shop by manufacturer find out if your system can benefit from a ssd upgrade: step 1 — select manufacturer information firmware ssd buying guide ssd articles ssd forum discussions accessories screwdriver... check. esd strap.... check. just a few extra bits we thought you might be interested in. usb drives 16gb 8gb 4gb upgrade tools notebook screwdriver esd disposable wriststrap esd reusable wriststrap more scosche thudbuds hi-fi earbud headphones gear head wireless optical mouse usb-to-dock connector for ipod/iphone (white) usb-to-dock connector for ipod/iphone (black) dual usb car charger (ipod/iphone compatible) cablestogo usb notebook light ballistix active cooling fan ~*~logged_in_name~*~ thanks for signing in! how can we help you today? view my account information order history order tracking change password sign out loading... ram, ssd, flash memory — news and information solid-state drive technology video: what is an ssd?questionwhat is an ssd? answer read more solid-state drives are worth the pricesolid-state drives are worth the pricein an era when storage capacity on traditional hard disk drives is sold for a price closer to penny candy than high-end technological products, many question the value of solid state drives. while solid state drives are significantly faster and improve overall system performance dramatically, a 256gb ssd could be as much as two or three times as expensive as a hard disk drive.it would be easy to see this cost comparison and think there is not any value in purchasing a solid state drive, but that assumption fails to consider the critical performance boost ssds offer that should not be ignored by performance enthusiasts or users that frequently run many applications simultaneously. taking advantage of the technological advances offered by ssds, without spending too much, depends on a user's ability to work around the technology's storage capacity limitations. to accomplish this, users can either compute in such a way that they do not have to store many files, or use a dual-disk solution.using the cloudthere are a few ways users can accomplish the first option of managing their computing needs without saving too much data on the ssd itself. the simplest of those is to use the cloud. with cloud-based email, productivity, photo editing and video software, users can find a way to save almost everything they use on the cloud. this entails having information stored on a computer or server at the application vendor's data center. even gamers can use the cloud, as advanced services will actually stream major releases through the internet. the same principle is also being applied to a variety of other computer services. for example, apple recently announced plans to offer cloud-based storage options for itunes.the dual-drive optionfor those who do not want to use the cloud for one reason or another, an ssd is still an option. by using a dual-drive system, you can take advantage of an ssd's speed for your most important applications without having to spend too much. using two drives is relatively simple. in this configuration, you use the ssd to store the operating systems and high-performance applications that are used often. this helps them perform faster by reducing load times and letting the processor read the drive faster. then secondary applications, files and other, less important but high-density, items get stored in the hard disk drive.installing both drivesto install a dual-drive setup in a desktop computer, users simply need to open both sides of the case, insert both drives into separate slots, screw them in properly and attach them to the motherboard. the instruction manual for your motherboard should have specific instructions on how to properly connect the drives to the board in a raid configuration, which is what a dual-drive setup is typically called. when you turn the computer on, you then go to the system setup screen and assign a specific order to how the drives boot. make sure the ssd boots first, and use the operating system to format it. after that, instructions should be available with your operating system on how to setup both drives to work in concert.next time you notice the price of ssds compared to hdds, do not let the cost prevent you from taking advantage of the new storage drive technology. instead, work around that limitation by using the cloud or a dual-drive setup to take advantage of the ssd's performance at a price you can afford. for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more reduce load times with an ssd upgradeif you are the type of person who wants files to open the moment you click on them and simply cannot stand load times during games and other applications, then it may be time to upgrade your computer. investing in a new solid state drive is the best way to reduce load times.the limitations of an hddwhen a computer loads a program, the processor moves relevant data from the storage drive to the ram, then accesses the ram to run the program. in large applications, the cpu is only able to load parts of the program at a time. as a result, large applications are forced to pause and load at segments so the processor can move the correct data. this leaves the cpu regularly reading data off of the storage drive, and improving the drive's read speeds can have a drastic impact on performance.traditional hard disk drives, still used in most desktop and laptop computers, are notorious for slow read times. even the fastest hdds are limited because they depend on a number of moving parts to operate effectively. each time the disk is read, a spindle system has to get the disk spinning so lasers can read the information. disks can only rotate so many times per minute without having their physical integrity damaged.the advantages of an ssdnew solid state drives, on the other hand, are architecturally different, making them much faster than hard disk drives. the core difference between the two storage devices is that solid state drives do not have any moving parts. instead, they use flash memory, similar to the technology used in usb flash drives, to store large quantities of data that can be read much more quickly than hard disk drives.installing the new componentsif you choose to upgrade your computer by replacing your hard disk drive with a solid state drive, the process is relatively simple. before starting, backup your system data on a remote device so you can re-establish it after switching storage drives. you also need to make sure you have the original disk for your operating system so you can use it to format the new storage drive. after accomplishing these tasks, it is time to open the computer up and get to work on the inside.make sure the power has been turned completely off, including the switch on the power supply, and unplug everything from the back of the computer before starting to work on the device. then remove the case and find your hard disk drive. before doing any work inside the computer, discharge your static electricity by touching metal. then unplug the hdd from the motherboard and power supply.you will also need to take the opposite side of the case off to completely remove the storage device. when both parts of the case are removed, identify the screws on the side of the port containing the hard disk drive. unscrew them, remove the hard disk drive, insert the ssd, replace the screws and plug in the ssd. you may need to use a different plug to connect the ssd than you used for the hdd, but the new cord should come with your ssd.once the ssd is inserted and plugged in, the installation is complete. close the case, replace the plugs and turn the computer on. from here, simply follow the instructions to format the drive and restore your system. when this has been completed, you should be ready to leverage the blistering speeds of your new ssd and significantly reduce load times. for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more ssds gradually gaining prominencewhile most computer users still look to hard disk drives when it comes to storing large quantities of data, solid state drives are gradually gaining more prominence in the industry.a recent globe and mail report explains hdds are still used in most computers because they can store large quantities of data, and are available at a low price. however, they are inadequate for many users when it comes to booting the system and loading applications. this is leading many users to turn to solid state drives, which offer significantly better performance because they do not have any moving parts.the technical case for ssdsssds offer a faster, more reliable platform for storage. the report used a comparison with dram to explain how ssds offer such improved performance. the report said dram users can leverage extremely fast speeds while using minimal amounts of power. essentially, ssds are the same as dram, the report said. the main difference is that dram's architecture dictates data is deleted once the system is shut down. ssds do not require electricity to retain data, the report said, and are therefore able to use the same core technology as dram without having to delete data when the system loses power.it is also important to recognize that ssds feature sophisticated controllers that make the drive fast and efficient because they are typically more complex than dram units.because ssds use similar flash memory chips as dram, they have a few key technological advantages over hdds. chief among these advantages is the lack of moving parts. an hdd is inherently limited by how fast the platter can rotate, the report explained. an ssd unlocks higher speeds for reading and writing storage because moving parts are not present.the lack of moving parts in ssds offers other advantages besides performance. the report explains ssds are also able to operate using less power and generating significantly less heat. this makes them ideal for deployment in any platform, ranging from high-performance desktops to smartphones and tablet pcs, according to the report. in fact, the report goes as far as to say ssds are perfect for mobile device use.ssds and the mobile mindsetmobile computers need to be light, stay cool and operate using minimal amounts of electricity. the report said the inherent architecture of the ssd makes it an ideal platform to meet these needs while offering users high-performance storage on their mobile computers.deploying ssds in mobile devices also overcomes the drive's single key weakness - they cost more to manufacture at high capacities. however, mobile users rarely need large amounts of dedicated storage and are therefore a perfect audience for ssds.while ssds are ideal for the mobile market and can be somewhat limiting for desktop users, they still are gaining an extremely important role as boot drives for desktop pc users.ssds as boot drives or hybrid drivesthe report explained the best way to use ssds in a desktop computer is as a boot drive. in this environment, the ssd holds the operating system and important applications. this gives users improved performance for core applications, while an hdd is also connected to handle the bulk of the storage needs.hybrid drives are also emerging to meet storage capacity needs while leveraging ssd performance. the report explained hybrid drives are an hdd with a built-in ssd. software then manages which programs and files go on which disk.installing an ssd in a variety of configurationsregardless of which type of ssd configuration you choose - a single ssd, boot drive or hybrid setup - installing an ssd is an easy procedure that simply involves opening the case, housing the drive in a port and plugging it in. for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more understanding the costs of an ssd looking at the price tag attached to a solid state drive can be enough to turn most consumers away from the technology. however, labeling the ssd as a high-priced luxury is a misrepresentation of the storage device. instead, ssds are a highly-sophisticated technology that are painstakingly manufactured and optimized to work at peak capacity, according to a recent cnet report.the cost of ssdssolid state drives typically cost between 5 to 10 times more than an hdd, the report said. however, they outperform hard disk drives so easily that most users who have experienced computing with an ssd are unwilling to turn back, the report said. as a result, ssds are gaining a loyal following and becoming more prevalent, especially among laptop and other mobile computer users.the cost for ssds is expected to decline during the next few years, but the cnet report speculates as to why it has not done so already. flash drives and other devices that use similar technology are already becoming extremely inexpensive, and the report said ssds should logically follow suit. however, they are still expensive. to figure out why ssds are expensive, the news source discussed the issue with a few manufacturers and found the cost comes, to a great extent, because the technology really is that much better.the technology behind solid state drivesaccording to one manufacturer, the cost of ssds can be attributed to their sophisticated technological makeup, and is simply a result of their vast superiority over other storage technology. essentially, they are worth the money.nand flash chips make up the core of ssds. these chips feature a combination of advanced electrical systems that support long-term data storage and allow read speeds that dwarf the capabilities of the hard drive. in an hdd, reading data from the disk consists of a slow process that involves spinning the disk as fast as possible until a system of lasers and spindles is able to find the relevant data and move it to the dram. in ssds, this process is simply a matter of sending an electric signal into the unit. this not only improves operational performance, but also makes ssds more mechanically reliable and, at least theoretically, a longer-lasting storage solution. they have not been on the market long enough for clear comparisons to be made in terms of long-term reliability in large-scale deployments.the nand flash that supports ssds is just one component. the manufacturer told cnet ssds also feature a controller and firmware that help manage data on the device and optimize its performance. these items are typically made up of extremely advanced technologies and must be heavily developed to work in concert with each other at peak capacity. this combines with extensive testing to make ssd manufacturing a sophisticated process that helps ensure consumers are getting the best product possible. while this may lead to a high cost, it can also help create a product that is worth the price.the real-life benefits of ssdswhile some technologies are built of superior materials and advanced management systems only to deliver nominal improvements, ssds have shown that they live up to their hype. in a recent tom's hardware study, experts evaluated systems running an ssd and trying to play three games that are known to push a computer's capabilities. the experiment found that ssds may not impact every aspect of a game's performance, such as graphics, but are so foundational to improved operations that the vast majority of functions are dramatically enhanced by replacing an hdd with an ssd.sources:http://news.cnet.com/8301-17938_105-20093631-1/storage-talk-why-ssds-are-still-so-expensive/http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/ssd-gaming-performance,2991-14.html ------------------ for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist﻿ read more nand-based products a viable upgrade option the high-performance memory outperforms dram and other chip types, but is just beginning to solidify its place as a major player in the computer manufacturing market. as a result, ssds and other flash-based memory units are often perceived as expensive upgrades. however, this assumption would not be entirely accurate because ssds provide so much value, despite their cost.compared with hard disk drives, solid state drives are relatively expensive. the ratio between data storage and cost is high in the case of ssds, while most hdds are incredibly inexpensive. however, hdds are so limited by their mechanical nature that they often create system bottlenecks that dramatically slow performance, making ssds an extremely attractive option. these performance capabilities are not the only reason ssds are valuable as computer upgrades. they also provide a greater performance boost compared to cost than some other components.ssds compared to dramupgrading dram is an inexpensive, easy way to give your device a significant performance boost. however, a recent study from objective analysis found nand flash chips actually provide a greater performance boost than dram for the amount of money spent. overall, one dollar's worth of nand flash will enhance computer performance more than one dollar of dram.therefore, the high cost of ssds should not be considered a sign that the technology is cost-prohibitive. instead, users should understand that the nand flash technology behind ssds makes them so superior to some other components that investing in the device will provide a major boost to system capabilities.how this impacts current computer upgradesjim handy, one of the study's co-authors, went beyond pointing out nand flash's superiority and value to present an option for users considering a computer upgrade right now."an appropriate balance of nand, dram, and an hdd yields superior performance per dollar to a simple dram/hdd system. a well-designed nand/dram combination brings ssd-like performance to a system at little or no price increase over a standard system based on the conventional dram-plus-hdd platform," said handy.what handy describes is a computer that uses a combination of a low-capacity ssd, high-capacity hdd and high-performance dram. by using a small ssd to hold only major applications and operating systems, users can leverage the performance boost of nand flash technology without investing in an expensive high-capacity ssd. a large hdd provides core file and data storage in such a system. at the same time, the high-performance dram supports the ssd by providing the speeds necessary to handle the rate at which ssds can be read. by combining all of these component types, users can leverage high-performance capabilities without spending too much on any hardware.nand flash's futurewhile the objective analysis study shows how valuable nand flash can be as a computer upgrade, a forward insights report provides a glimpse into nand flash's potential for the future.according to the report, nand flash has evolved quickly during the past decade, moving from an obscure, expensive technology into a relatively low-cost chip format that is beginning to take a major hold in the memory industry. the report said the increasingly low price point associated with nand flash manufacturing is allowing the chip type to diversify, similar to its prior progression from memory cards and flash drives to ssds. ﻿ read more data recovery: comparing ssds and hddsdata recovery is critical. in the past, consumers did not have to worry too much about recovery because everybody used hard disks and, after more than a decade in mainstream use, most people pretty much figured out how to recover data off of hard drives. however, the advent of the solid state drive has made the recovery a bit more complex.for a while, the general perception was that it was easier to recover data from hdds. a report from techgage explains why hdd data recovery was considered easy by providing important analysis of sdd architecture. the report explained that ssds delete data in a similar fashion to hdds.in both types of drives, deleted data is still kept on the disk in some form, letting users recover it later if they need to. hence the old cliche that nothing is every really deleted. in an hdd, this data is shuffled to the background and current data is defragmented. however, the block-by-block nature of data storage makes this a complex issue. on storage devices, data is typically stored in blocks that contain information from multiple files. on hdds, specific blocks of data can be split up so that only certain parts of the block are deleted, the report said. this lets the disk rewrite data on the rest of that block and expands storage capacity. ssds, on the other hand, cannot partially delete blocks, and must remove an entire block when parts of data are removed.according to the report, this complete block removal created a situation that seriously affected ssd storage capacity during its initial time on market. over time, the drive would have a difficult time properly deleting and writing information, and performance would diminish substantially. to solve this problem, a new form of deletion called trim came out as part of microsoft windows 7. trim essentially let ssds completely delete information instead of just removing its indexing, which frees disk space but retains backup of the basic information.the report explained that trim solved the performance issue that occurred when ssds were unable to write new data and delete old data properly. however, trim did so by making data unrecoverable because it was removed in its entirety. for a while, this made ssd recovery much more difficult than hdd recovery, the report said, because nobody could overcome trim's deletion to make files accessible.however, the perception that trim permanently deletes data is changing. researchers from the university of california, san diego recently published a paper that discusses how difficult it is to completely remove data from ssds. while the report is primarily written from a security perspective, it also is critical for the data recovery industry. according to the report, traditional methods for disk deletion do not adequately remove data from a solid state drive. the researchers found they could recover almost all of the data ever stored on a solid state drive, regardless of how it was deleted.with these two reports in mind, it seems clear that ssds have a unique advantage for data recovery because they are almost impossible to delete in entirety. however, techgage's assertion that ssds are much more difficult to recover data from, because their methods to delete data are more complex, are still valid. therefore, consumers should understand that ssds are something of a double-edged sword for data recovery - it will probably be harder to get data from an ssd, but more of the information will probably be there once it is discovered. for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more ssd upgrade can take your gaming to the next levelthe advantages solid state drives hold over traditional hard disk drives are well known. while they might be on the pricey side, whether you are a gamer or someone just trying to maximize your computer's performance level, you should consider investing in an ssd.because they lack the spinning disc of hdds, ssds load data with significantly more speed. while they are pricier than hdds, neil uemura of the salt lake tribune says that soon might not be a factor."prices are falling fast, so much so that apple has made ssds standard in their new line of macbook air laptops," wrote uemura.the boot-up speed of ssd drives is significantly faster than that of hdds. "turning on the computer and going to the desktop is closer to an "instant-on' experience since the operating system is stored on the ssd's flash memory," he continues.but how does this increased data access speed affect your gaming experience? uemura says ssds can't make a game run more smoothly, as a game's frame rate is largely dependent on your graphics card. however, they do carry other benefits. "it will noticeably increase the performance by how often the game accesses the drive to load more textures or game levels."it might come as no surprise that the macbook air is a strong gaming rig. in a review on the 11-inch macbook air, pc world writer alex wawro expressed surprise at how well the system ran graphics-intense games. "even more impressive was the 11-inch air's performance in our gaming tests — most netbooks can't run 3d games like dirt 2 and call of duty 4 at all," he wrote.ssds also show a surprising amount of versatility. they can even be used to upgrade video game consoles. recently, one user, tired of waiting through long load times in gran turismo 5, installed an ssd into his playstation 3. his load times were cut almost his half."he found a sizeable, consistent drop in loading times. the biggest factor seems to be the architecture of the ssd itself — it has no moving parts, so there are no mechanical heads moving around frantically to access the thousands and thousands of tiny, incremental files that make up the gran turismo 5 installation," wrote david hinkle for joystiq.com.julian horsey of geekygadgets.com says this update is worth the cost of an ssd. "yes, ssd's are fairly expensive compared to standard sata drives, but ... the extra cost will buy you back hours of time, which would have otherwise been spent waiting for the gt5 game to load," he said.ssd might be pricey, but, as with any upgrade to your gaming experience, it represents an investment. ssd can improve the performance of both your computer and, if you're willing to do a little construction, your video game console. for serious gamers, upgrading to ssd is an investment worth making. for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more video: will your hard drive fail?this content has been moved to the correct forum or board. read more finding an ssd that meets your needssolid state drives are a relatively new technology that offer many benefits over hard disk drives, especially in terms of performance. however, ssds are also more versatile than hdds and can be used for a variety of purposes. therefore, it is important for users to select an ssd that meets their specific needs.dealing with budget issuesaccording to a recent pcmagazine report, cost is one of the most important aspects of choosing the right ssd. the report explains that ssds use nand flash technology, similar to flash drives and memory cards. this makes them much faster because they do not have any moving parts and are capable of achieving blazing-fast read and write speeds. however, flash chips cost more to manufacture at high capacities, and are therefore more expensive than hdds. this should not dissuade users from purchasing an ssd, but does reiterate the need to consider how to make the most of it.if you want to purchase an ssd as your primary storage device, the price may seem high at first glance. but it is important to recognize that ssds provide such a dramatic performance upgrade over hdds that they may be the single most important component upgrade you can make. an ssd will improve every aspect of your computer's performance, and spending on that will prevent a much higher expense on a new computer in the long run.the report explained a windows 7 computer with a hard disk drive will often take a couple of minutes to boot the system. a windows 7 user with an ssd will be able to boot the computer in just seconds. the same proportional improvement applies to each file and program opened during the computer's use. the report said this can save users significant time over the course of years using the computer.this performance improvement makes ssds worth the money. however, users without the budget capacity to purchase an ssd as their primary storage device still have options to leverage their performance potential without spending as much.identifying capacity needsthe report explains that using an ssd as primary storage is possible, but not if users plan to put everything they save on the drive. capacity is too expensive to be inundated so quickly, with some information that may not be necessary. instead, users should identify their most important programs and place them on the ssd, using an hdd for files, photos and less important applications.therefore, users should seriously consider what applications they want to move to the ssd. the operating system should go on the ssd, followed by the large programs that users deploy the most often. it is also important to note that programs can be moved from the ssd to the hdd depending on when they are used.addressing supplementary ssd needswhile dealing with capacity and deployment are the most important parts of an ssd decision, users also need to consider secondary factors that will impact performance. a recent it business edge report recommends enterprise ssds that are also relevant for consumers. the report said users should consider the device's controller and interface type before choosing an ssd. ﻿for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them.﻿ ﻿ read more maximizing the value of an ssd for desktop, notebook and netbook systemsmaximizing the value of an ssd for desktop, notebook and netbook systemssds are significantly faster than hard disk drives, making them an optimal solution for users seeking improved performance, but they are also more expensive, making it difficult for many to invest significantly in high-capacity ssds. getting the most out of a solid state disk drive often depends on balancing size and speed with user needs.  according to a recent zdnet report, the blistering speed of ssds makes them desirable, but their cost is prohibitive. however, users that clearly understand their capacity and speed-related needs can get the most out of their ssds. for desktop users, maximizing value is relatively easy because an ssd can be used in a hybrid solution.  desktop users can deploy an ssd in conjunction with a regular hard disk in a hybrid solution. in such instances, the ssd serves as a boot drive, storing the operating system and other frequently used applications, while the hard disk is used to store data. for users building or upgrading a workhorse desktop pc ( a computer in which users install a number of major applications, such as microsoft office) a relatively small ssd combined with a large hdd could be ideal. because windows 7 does not use too much disk space, the report said,  this audience of users can get away with a 60 gb minimum ssd as the boot drive, with a hard drive sizable enough to meet the user's specific needs.however, the report's recommended boot disk size for workhorse desktop pcs is 120gb or more.for netbook users, many of whom cannot consider a hybrid setup and primarily use web-based applications on a day-to-day basis, the report considers a 30gb ssd as the minimum, and recommends a 60gb solid state drive. most netbook users can probably get by with a 30gb ssd, the report said, because they depend on online applications and programs that use minimal disk space. however, if you choose a 30gb ssd there is a good chance you will have to spend some time managing disk space to make sure you do not run out, according to the report, making a 60 gb model the recommended choice. if you are looking for a laptop you can use for business, which means it will have a single-drive setup but require extensive resources to store applications, data and other content while also running quickly, the report recommends a 256gb ssd. while the report sets the minimal disk space needed for a business-class laptop solution at 120gb, a laptop that is your primary source of computing will store photos, music, high-definition video and large applications, making a substantial hard drive critical.if you purchase your computer in a store or from an online retail site, it may be advisable to uninstall some default software programs to clear disk space. pre-made computers frequently come with extensive hardware pre-installed, regardless of whether you need it or not. removing these applications can free extra space on your ssd. you can also avoid this excess software entirely if you choose to build your own computer. for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more crucial compatibility &amp; performance lab driven by ssds when it comes to solid-state drives, the crucial compatiblity & performance lab is walking the walk. the memory experts in our lab perform countless tests and benchmarking activities on and for crucial products  — and that has them pushing the boundaries of computer systems every day.  after several years of testing ssds, the lab recently upgraded every hard drive in the lab to a crucial ssd product. mike sanor, who directs the lab, explained: “an ssd format ensures we can keep a pace or two in front of our customer base.  with so many new ssd installations these days, and the monumental increase in performance we have seen in the lab, our hard drives have been relegated to only being used when a customer has a specific scenario that we have to match with a hard disk drive.” sanor said the upgrade has made a noticeable difference in the lab. “our job is to test the compatibility and performance of our dram and ssd products in a variety of systems.  the results are clear--the combination of an ssd and sufficient amounts of dram yield performance numbers we just can’t hit with traditional hard disk drives.” what’s more, sanor said the lab saw a clear advantages to using ssds over hard drives that crucial.com has been touting. “the evidence is clear. ssd are just faster and more reliable.  with running a compatibility and performance lab, our job is to help make computers faster and more reliable. whether that is the latest and greatest processors, graphics cards, or our own products, we try to keep our systems on the cutting-edge and ssds are an obvious choice to do that.” ready to upgrade to your own ssd? ------------ for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist﻿ read more understanding the best uses of an ssd  solid state drives are beginning to chip away at hard disk drives' dominance in the storage market. however, the young technology still has room to mature and users should understand the best ways to deploy the technology to take advantage of its greatest assets while minimizing its few weaknesses. according to a recent pc pro report, ssds offer significant advantages in terms of power consumption and speed, but should be deployed primarily to handle large files. ssds and power consumption energy efficiency has been a key issue for businesses for a while, but it is increasingly becoming critical for consumers as well. home energy costs are rising quickly and mobile device users are increasingly becoming concerned with battery life. this makes component power consumption a major concern for most users, and the report said ssds are significantly better than hard disk drives in that regard. according to the report, many hard disk drives, using technology that has been refined for well over a decade, require approximately 8 watts of power to idle, with a significant rise once the device is in use. a leading ssd, on the other hand, requires just 0.1 watt of energy to idle, and rises to just 0.38 watts when in use. this is a dramatic power difference, with the ssd using 80 times less energy than a standard hdd, the report said. this low level of power consumption makes an ssd ideal for laptop and tablet users because it can help extend battery life. however, energy consumption is not the only reason ssds are ideal for mobile devices. solid state drives also have no moving parts, making them more durable and invulnerable to slight shocks that occur when the device is moved. ssds and speed pc pro benchmark tested multiple ssds, including top-of-the-line and budget models, and found that they all are much faster than hdds when performing almost any task. ssds outperform hdds because they use nand flash technology, which works similarly to dram, to read and write content. while ssds do not offer as much speed as dram for reading and writing, they operate much faster than hdds and feature a sophisticated controller that helps them maximize performance. why ssds are better for large files the report explained that ssds use a form of writing to the disk that makes them somewhat weak when handling smaller projects. essentially, the drives are only able to write data in blocks of a specific size, meaning any file smaller than that block will still be written to take up the entire cell. this not only makes writing small files take longer, but also puts wear and tear on ssds. this was a problem for early ssds, but has been resolved by advanced controller technologies that make the device fill every flash cell before deleting and rewriting one. this makes the drive incredibly reliable and sure to outlast almost any other storage format. however, the report explained that the need to write an entire block makes ssds slightly slower than hdds when dealing with small files, such as basic documents. however, those who use their computers to play games, edit photos or video or handle other high-performance tasks will experience a significant performance boost from ssds. conclusion ssds offer a substantial performance boost over hdds in almost any computing task. the technology is still relatively young and has room to develop, but its weaknesses are not enough to outweigh its capabilities. instead, they emphasize how an ssd is ideal for specific types of deployments. ﻿ read more ssd sales on the risessd sales on the risesolid state drives are quickly becoming more popular in both consumer and enterprise markets, and market revenues are expected to rise significantly in 2011.ssd revenuesaccording to a recent study completed by isuppli, revenues from solid state drive sales are expected to reach approximately $4.4 billion in 2011. during 2010, revenues reached $2.3 billion, meaning isuppli anticipates 92.3 percent growth in the sector during this year. the fast expansion rate in the solid state disk department is not sudden, as revenues reached $1 billion for the first time in 2010.despite this growth, many experts considered 2010 a slow year because nand flash prices were high. in 2011, isuppli anticipates solid state drive sales will be fueled by a growing demand for ssd-enabled mobile computing devices. long-term growth at this rate is not sustainable, according to isuppli, but the solid state drive industry should continue to expand at rates between 7 and 25 percent annually for the next few years.ssd unit salesin terms of unit sales, isuppli predicts approximately 15 million solid state drives will be sold during 2011. this represents a 118 percent expansion in the industry, which sold 6.9 million units in 2010. while the solid state drive sales figures are a clear sign that the technology is becoming more popular and gaining a hold on the storage device industry, isuppli found ssds are not having a major impact on hard disk drives sales. during the first quarter of 2011, the firm anticipates 161 million sales of hard disk drivesl.factors behind growththe isuppli report attributes solid state drive growth to a number of critical factors. chief among those factors is the technology's core architecture. solid state drives use nand flash technology, meaning they have no moving parts and are able to read data extremely quickly. hard disk drives, on the other hand, use spindles and magnetic forces to spin a disk and read its content. this limits the drive's read speeds and can cause the device to skip when used in mobile computing platforms. according to isupply, the growing popularity of mobile computers is leading to more solid state drive sales.the solid state drive's natural cohesiveness with mobile computing devices led isuppli to predict the consumer sector will be the largest area for growth in 2011. while the enterprise will still use ssds to reduce bottlenecks, consumers who want to deploy high-performance or ultra-thin computing devices are expected to lead the charge to solid state drive use.why ssds are overcoming price limitationsthe primary limitation of the solid state drive is widely reported - cost. ssds are much more expensive to manufacture and therefore cost much more to purchase. as a result, high-capacity hard disk drives with terabytes of data storage space are often less expensive than solid state drives with just a few hundred gigabytes. for desktop computer use, this is quite limiting.however, the area where solid state drives are experiencing the greatest area of growth is with mobile devices, where users typically need to store significantly less data and depend more on the cloud and removable storage devices to save their files. this is creating a market that focuses more on performance than storage space. from this perspective, the solid state drive is the clear victor. for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more the benefits of cloning your storage devicecloning a storage device can provide a range of benefits for users who understand the implications of creating a copy of their hard disk or solid state drive.what is cloning?cloning a storage device involves using software to create an exact copy of the drive. the replica is created in the form of a single image that captures all of the files, data and programs on the hdd or ssd. this image can then be loaded into another drive through transmission over the internet or being sent through a parallel cable connection to the other computer. it is also possible, and usually easier, to load the image onto a storage device in the same machine, but logistics can make that impossible in some instances. sending the image to an external hard drive or ssd is another option.once the image has arrived in its new storage destination, it can be used to automatically recover the system and create an exact copy of the storage device used to create the image.how to clone a storage devicenot too long ago, cloning a storage device was a relatively complex process that required users to create partitions in their hard drive and use a number of obscure tools and utilities to complete the process. however, the rise in cyber crime and growing need to backup user data has led to more accessible backup and recovery programs, which are able to help with disk cloning procedures.as a result, most users will be able to easily find a program that will help clone a storage device and recover the image for whichever purpose they would like. some versions of windows and mac operating systems come with built-in cloning programs that will help users copy their storage drives easily. also, some hard drives and ssd manufacturers make cloning programs that are optimized specifically for their devices.the benefits of storage device cloningwhile cloning a hard drive or ssd can provide users with a number of significant benefits, reliability is chief among them.having a cloned version of your primary storage device is one of the best ways to ensure you maintain a functional version of your computer at all times. if a virus gets into your computer and wreaks havoc, you can simply delete the current system and replace it with the cloned version from before the virus hit. the same can be said if a power surge fries your machine and leaves you without a functional component. household problems, device failure and other similar issues can all be resolved through disk cloning because the process ensures users have a functional copy of their storage drive that is not stored on the primary device.having a backup copy is also advantageous for users trying to find ways to optimize their systems by adjusting settings, voltage rates and other configurations that could cause the device to operate poorly if an experimental change fails. in such circumstance, the user can simply turn to the clone drive and use that to return the system to its proper state.outside of improving a system's reliability, cloning a storage device can be ideal for users who upgrade their system with a new hdd or ssd. when the new drive is purchased, users can simply create a clone drive image and move it to the new storage device.storing a backup cloneregardless of how often you backup your storage device, you should store the clone image in a secure location that is separate from your primary hdd or ssd. this will help ensure it remains safe if a household or natural disaster destroys your primary drive. ﻿for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them.﻿ ﻿ read more how to upgrade: ssd installation basicshow to upgrade: ssd installation basicsupgrading your computer with a solid-state drive can be one of the best ways to improve overall performance. ssds offer significantly faster read times than hard disk drives, and therefore have a positive impact on almost every element of computer use. however, installing a new ssd can be difficult if you have never built your own computer or upgraded a computer yourself.any time you work on your computer, make sure the machine is powered off and all cords going into the back of the device are unplugged. from there, open the case. at first glance, this seems quite simple. most cases come with a tool-less entry system or a simple way to open that involves just a couple of screws. however, uninstalling the previous drive and installing the new ssd will require access to both sides of the computer. as a result, you will also need to take off the second side of the case. in most cases, this will require you to unscrew more hardware and carefully remove the panel. be careful though, most computers are not built to have this panel opened frequently. this means that the part of the case you are taking off will not be treated for handling and could have sharp edges.once both sides of the case are off, remove the hdd. to begin, identify where the hdd is and disconnect it from the power supply by unplugging the wires. the hdd will usually be in the lower half of the computer in a 3.5-inch drive bay. typically, there will be two cables attached to the hdd, one for power and the other to attach the device to the motherboard. you will probably be able to use the same power cord to connect to the ssd, so keep that one handy. however, the sdd may not use the same interface to connect to the motherboard, so you might as well remove that wire from the computer altogether to make more space.you should notice two rails running on each side of the hdd, and they will probably have two screws inserted per side. simply remove the screws, take the hdd out and dispose of it properly. now that the hdd is out of the way, all you have to do is put the ssd in its place. secure it with the screw you just removed, plug the power cord in the correct slot, and use the included wire to connect the ssd with the motherboard. see the instructions for your motherboard or the ssd to identify the correct place to plug everything.if you are using the ssd in a raid establishment (where it couples with the hdd in a dual-drive setup),  the process is basically the same. instead of taking out the hdd, identify an open space within the column of 3.5-inch bays and add the ssd. then find a spare power cord available from your power supply and plug everything in. ideally, you would leave at least one empty bay between the hdd and ssd so heat has space to dissipate.installing your own ssd may seem intimidating, but the physical act of installing the new component is actually quite simple and can be accomplished by just about anybody. always is consult the manuals for both the motherboard and ssd before you install your ssd. for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more ssd not found error after ssd installationquestioni installed a new ssd in my system, but i am seeing an “ssd not found” error. what is going on? answereither the drive is not being detected in bios, or it’s not being found by firmware update utility. if you suspect it’s the bios, try a different cable and port.  also make sure your bios is up to date.if the firmware upgrade utility is not finding the drive, make sure they are in ide mode, and try a different cable, and a different port. read more operating system changes could come to support ssdsthe hard disk drive has been around for more than a decade. during that time, capacities have risen, performance has improved and operating systems have been built to optimize the nuances of the technology. this has created a problem as more consumers turned to solid state drives, which are significantly different than hdds, and operating systems are not optimized to handle the hardware.hdds and operating systemsaccording to a recent inform it report, the mechanical makeup of an hdd, which includes metal platters, rotating heads and a mechanical arm, limits read and write speeds. essentially, the device is designed to handle sequential read and write processes quickly. however, random read and write cycles slow performance substantially.this inherent limitation in hdds is overcome by processes built into most operating systems. these include caching, write queuing and journaling, the report said. these tools organize data so it can be written sequentially to the drive most of the time, avoiding random read and write cycles and optimizing performance.similar utilities exist to improve hdd performance in a variety of ways. for example, disk defragmentation identifies any data that can be more densely stored on the device, making sure data is stored in the smallest amount of physical space on the disk. this allows the drive to move to the content as quickly as possible and to improve read speeds.ssds and operating systemswhile hdds depend on rotating disks and a mechanical arm, ssds have no moving parts. they consist of a specialized chip using a memory format similar to flash drives. multiple chips can be combined into a single ssd, and they are managed by a specialized controller or processor that dictates how data is written to and read from the device.the lack of moving parts makes it much easier for users to read data from the disk, as it is accomplished much faster than in hdds, according to informit. however, writing data to an ssd typically involves a long process of organizing blocks of memory, deleting some content, adding other information and eventually completing the life cycle.for most users, read speeds will dictate overall performance, while writing is not a major concern.the report said operating system updates that improve disk partitioning could improve many ssd write processes, making it easier for users to get the most performance out of their device. using better partitions for data block can make it easier for the controller to handle the stages of writing new content, improving write speeds substantially.operating system upgrades from a general perspectivewhen considering an ssd investment, it is important to understand that operating system designers have spent more than a decade refining processes for hdds. as a result, users may need to turn some of those options off when using an ssd, or risk a decline in performance. it is also worth noting that operating system upgrades to support ssds are likely on the horizon, as the drive format is becoming more popular and being deployed in a diverse range of settings. this creates a situation where your solid state drive may actually improve even better after a year or two of use than it does now, if os patches and upgrades properly address the specific needs of the drive. this could add to the already considerable performance advantage that ssds offer when compared to other storage media. --------- you can find and choose the best right memory upgrade options for your computer through the crucial system scanner or crucial memory advisor. it's that easy.﻿ read more upgrade your desktop computer by installing a new ssdupgrading your desktop computer with a new solid state drive can be one of the best ways to improve overall performance. ssds offer significantly faster read times than hard disk drives, giving you a positive impact on almost every element of computer use. any time you work on your computer, first make sure the machine is powered off and all plugs going into the back of the device are unplugged.from there, open the case. at first glance, this seems quite simple. most cases come with a tool-less entry system or a simple way to open that involves just a couple of screws. however, uninstalling the previous drive and installing the new ssd will require access to both sides of the computer. as a result, you will also need to take off the second side of the case. in most cases, this will require you to unscrew more hardware and carefully remove the panel. be careful though, as most computers are not built to have this panel opened frequently. this means that the part of the case you are taking off will not be treated for handling and could have sharp edges.  once both sides of the case are off,  remove the hdd. to begin, identify the hdd and disconnect it from the power supply by unplugging the wires going into the back. the hdd will usually be in the lower half of the computer in a 3.5-inch drive bay. (note that you'll also need an adapter bracket to hold the 2.5" ssd in this bay.) typically, there will be two cables attached to the hdd, one for power and the other to attach the device to the motherboard. you will probably be able to use the same power cord to connect to the ssd, so keep that one handy. however, the sdd may not use the same interface to connect to the motherboard, so you might as well remove that wire from the computer altogether to make more space.  you should notice two rails running on each side of the hdd;  they will probably have two screws inserted per side. simply remove the screws, take the hdd out. now that the hdd is out of the way, all you have to do is put the ssd in its place, secure it with the screw you just removed, plug the power cord in the correct slot and use the included wire to connect the ssd with the motherboard. see the instructions for your motherboard or the ssd to identify the correct place to plug everything. if you are using the ssd in a raid establishment, you can couple two ssds in a dual-drive setup. identify an open space within the column of 3.5-inch bays and add the ssd. (you'll also need a bracket to hold the second ssd in its bay.) installing your own ssd in a desktop may seem intimidating when you first open the computer and notice all of the wires and components already in place. but the physical act of installing the new component is actually quite simple and can be accomplished by just about anybody. however, it is important to consult the manuals for both the motherboard and ssd no matter how easy the installation may seem.﻿for more information on crucial ssds, check out our library.  if you’d like to buy a crucial ssd, we make it easy. or, watch our ssd videos—we’ve got a playlist devoted to them. read more nand flash becoming a prominent upgrade formatnand flash technology is the backbone for solid state drives and other forms of flash memory. the high-performance memory outperforms dram and other chip types, but is just beginning to solidify its place as a major player in the computer manufacturing market. as a result, ssds and other flash-based memory units are often perceived as expensive upgrades. however, this assumption would not be entirely accurate because ssds provide so much value, despite their cost.compared with hard disk drives, solid state drives are relatively expensive. the ratio between data storage and cost is high in the case of ssds, while most hdds are incredibly inexpensive. however, hdds are so limited by their mechanical nature that they often create system bottlenecks that dramatically slow performance, making ssds an extremely attractive option. these performance capabilities are not the only reason ssds are valuable as computer upgrades. they also provide a greater performance boost compared to cost than some other components.ssds compared to dramupgrading dram is an inexpensive, easy way to give your device a significant performance boost. however, a recent study from objective analysis found nand flash chips actually provide a greater performance boost than dram for the amount of money spent. overall, one dollar's worth of nand flash will enhance computer performance more than one dollar of dram.therefore, the high cost of ssds should not be considered a sign that the technology is cost-prohibitive. instead, users should understand that the nand flash technology behind ssds makes them so superior to some other components that investing in the device will provide a major boost to system capabilities.how this impacts current computer upgradesjim handy, one of the study's co-authors, went beyond pointing out nand flash's superiority and value to present an option for users considering a computer upgrade right now."an appropriate balance of nand, dram, and an hdd yields superior performance per dollar to a simple dram/hdd system. a well-designed nand/dram combination brings ssd-like performance to a system at little or no price increase over a standard system based on the conventional dram-plus-hdd platform," said handy.what handy describes is a computer that uses a combination of a low-capacity ssd, high-capacity hdd and high-performance dram. by using a small ssd to hold only major applications and operating systems, users can leverage the performance boost of nand flash technology without investing in an expensive high-capacity ssd. a large hdd provides core file and data storage in such a system. at the same time, the high-performance dram supports the ssd by providing the speeds necessary to handle the rate at which ssds can be read. by combining all of these component types, users can leverage high-performance capabilities without spending too much on any hardware.nand flash's futurewhile the objective analysis study shows how valuable nand flash can be as a computer upgrade, a forward insights report provides a glimpse into nand flash's potential for the future.according to the report, nand flash has evolved quickly during the past decade, moving from an obscure, expensive technology into a relatively low-cost chip format that is beginning to take a major hold in the memory industry. the report said the increasingly low price point associated with nand flash manufacturing is allowing the chip type to diversify, similar to its prior progression from memory cards and flash drives to ssds. ﻿ read more performance and gaming memory the perfect gaming computer at the right price: how to find the partsit can be difficult to find a computer that meets all your gaming needs. gaming technology is constantly improving and systems can go from state-of-the-art to obsolete in a couple of years. buying a computer presents a hassle as well. so many components determine the quality of a gaming system, how do you decide which computer to purchase without comparing every piece of hardware?the answer is simple — decide your computer’s components for yourself and build your own gaming rig. building a computer is much simpler than it sounds. you need only to find the ideal components for your rig and assemble them. shopping for computer parts might seem intimidating, but it can be worth it. more than that, buying your own parts individually can help you save money. the internal components you will need for your computer are a motherboard, cpu processor, hard drive, memory, graphics card and sound card. you will also need a case, monitor, keyboard, mouse and speakers. you will want your motherboard and case to be compatible. some motherboards are reduced in size to fit smaller cases. once you’ve chosen a motherboard, you will want to choose the right cpu chip. for gaming purposes, you want to decide what your priorities are. do you intend to overclock? do you want to be able to play the most graphically advanced games for years to come, or just run your current library at decent speeds? either way, multi-core processors are the way to go. when choosing a hard drive, don’t skimp on space. purchase at least 400 gb of space. you might also want to invest in a smaller ssd drive to use as a boot drive, while keeping most of your data on a separate hard drive. if you are “future-proofing” your computer, you might want to go with a fast quad-core cpu. dual-core processors, however, can handle most games at a significantly reduced price. a computer with a 3.2 ghz dual-core processor, for example, can run most games at advanced graphics settings with a good graphics card. selecting your graphics card can also be tricky at first. remember one thing - graphics card companies release new products every year at high prices. that reduces the prices of their previous lines, which are still capable of running games. older cards, such as the later cards in nvidia’s 8 and 9 series, are capable of running most games and can be found at very affordable prices. for future proofing purposes, shell out a bit more money, research the latest lines of graphics cards and buy last year’s releases. they will last you quite a long time. choosing ram is less tricky. again, if you wish to overclock, make sure you choose a brand designed to do so. otherwise, peruse customer reviews and find a reliable brand that fits your budget. you will want at least 4 gb of ram to ensure a quality gaming experience. the more the better. sound cards are not a major point of concern, for the most part. anything that fits your motherboard can work, unless you are going for a home theater experience. this is up to you. if you wish to cut costs, an inexpensive sound card can cost about $30 and give you all the sound you’ll need. avoid expensive cases. a good, spacious case shouldn’t cost more than $100.all told, a quality gaming rig should not cost you more than $1,200 to $1,400. because individual parts are cheaper when purchased separately, building your own rig will cost you less. you will also get the satisfaction of running all the latest games on your computer and admiring your own handiwork. it’s a win-win situation. ---------------------for more information on crucial performance memory, you can check out our ballistix site. or, watch our ballistix playlist on youtube.﻿﻿ read more duke nukem forever: do you have enough ram?twelve years later, he's back.duke nukem, the legendary video game hero, returns to the xbox 360, ps3 and windows pc in duke nukem forever, slated for release on may 3.duke nukem first arrived on pcs in july 1991. since then, one of video gaming's most iconic characters has been blowing up aliens, flirting with damsels in distress and creating carnage in a steady stream of releases for myriad gaming platforms.whether they are long-time fans of duke or newcomers to the franchise, the upcoming release represents a chance to experience the brash, action-filled world surrounding nukem with current generation technologies. for some pc gamers, their current computers may not be enough. what's more, the people at publisher 2k games and developer gearbox have yet to release the official specifications for the title.stay tuned to crucial.com — we’ll announce the specifications as soon as we see them.until then, understanding what the game's visual engine has to offer and knowing what similar titles require can help users identify the right upgrades to make.duke nukem forever is built on the foundation of unreal engine 2.5. however, it is widely rumored throughout the industry that the developers at gearbox have drastically modified that foundation with custom engines for physics and other aspects of the visuals to be close to unreal engine 3.unreal engine is among the most popular graphics systems in the video game industry, and is especially popular for first- and third-person shooters. it features powerful development tools that help game creators design titles that operate on multiple platforms, something that is especially critical in the current generation, in which games regularly release for the xbox 360, ps3 and pc. the unreal engine 3 features powerful animation tools capable of separately rendering objects based on a variety of controllers, and has no restrictions on how many animations can operate simultaneously or blend together.the powerful animation tools available in unreal engine 3 are joined by advanced physics engines, real-time shaders, cascade effects, high-performance rendering and a kismet visual scripting system. all of these features combine to create a powerful visual system that could tax older computers, forcing the game to slow down or not function at all if hardware is not up-to-date.to figure out the hardware needed to successfully run duke nukem forever, users would be best off comparing it to other recently released unreal-based titles. typically, multi-platform releases will feature a fairly standard range of graphics requirements. as a result, many titles that released for the pc and consoles in the past few years are fairly comparable to what users should expect from duke nukem forever, with the most recent games serving as the closest representation of what hardware a game will require.among the most relevant titles to compare to duke nukem forever are borderlands, mass effect 2 and bulletstorm. each of these games used some form of the unreal engine and was released on multiple platforms. while all three titles require a varied amount of ram, typically between 1 and 1.5 gb, all three recommended at least 2 gb of memory. both bulletstorm and mass effect 2 require multi-core processors and borderlands demands a 2.4 ghz or equivalent cpu. bulletstorm, the most recent of the three titles, actually recommends a quad-core cpu. in terms of disk space, borderlands requires 8 gb of memory, bulletstorm demands 9 and though mass effect 2's requirement is not listed, it is definitely larger than both of the others.based on borderlands, mass effect 2 and bulletstorm, users should anticipate needing at least 2 gb or ram, plenty of free disk space and a powerful, multi-core processor to run duke nukem forever without sacrificing play quality. ----------------------------------------- for more information on crucial performance memory, you can check out our ballistix site. or, watch our ballistix playlist on youtube.﻿ read more crysis games demanding on machines, rewarding for gamersfor gamers, crysis was one of the most memorable titles of 2007 in more ways than one. german developer crytek’s second game was widely acclaimed upon its release, winning several awards, including game of the year from pc gamer and best shooter and best pc game of 2007 from gamespot.com.with the accolades, however, came some reservations about the game's technical requirements. crysis was one of the most technically demanding games of all time when it was released and its recommended specs, which include 12 gb of hard drive space, 2 gb of ram and the equivalent of an nvidia geforce 8800 gts card, are still demanding by today’s standards. even these specs don’t allow gamers to run crysis at its highest graphical settings. in gamespot’s review of the game in 2007, jason ocampo wrote “it's doubtful that a system has been built yet that can run the game at ultra-high resolutions with all the graphical sliders maxed out.” that still seems to be the case. simon williams of brighthub.com recently wrote “crysis remains the most technologically demanding video game ever made,” adding that “there is still presently no cpu and graphics card combination that can run the game on its highest settings at 1080p and v-synced 60fps.” while crytek has moved away from pc exclusivity, the developer still stresses the technical superiority of pcs over consoles like the ps3 and xbox 360. "pc is easily a generation ahead right now,” said crytek ceo cevat yerli to edge magazine. “with 360 and ps3, we believe the quality of the games beyond crysis 2 and other cryengine developments will be pretty much limited to what their creative expressions is, what the content is.” while the company has said that crysis 2 will not be as demanding on this generation of computers as crysis was to its crop, the game is still likely to require a fairly hefty system to run. while the fact that crysis 2 will be a cross-platform game has led to rumors that it will be easier on computers than its predecessor, don’t expect its developers to go soft simply because they are now designing games for consoles as well. these days, you’ll need at least 2 gb of ram and 25 gb of hard drive space to play world of warcraft: cataclysm, a game with a reputation for being easy on gamers’ machines. crytek is at the forefront of pc gaming technology and, to be ready for that technology, you will need hardware to match the requirements of the gaming industry. ram is vital to running high-end games and there has never been a better time to invest in dynamic random access memory. dram prices have dropped 55 percent from their peak levels and are expected to continue falling. this should lead to reduced prices for consumers. according to jill beissel of allusb.com, the drop in prices will lead to superior computers being built for the marketplace - perfect for gamers looking for an upgraded machine but unsure about building their own gaming rig. “instead, computer vendors will offer higher quality specs in order for vendors to preserve a certain price point. your wallet may not see a difference, but when you go to use your system, you will notice improved functionality,” she wrote. crysis 2 is slated to be released on march 11, 2011. pc gamers in particular will want to be able to take full advantage of a game that is sure to be gorgeous and that will undoubtedly look better on a pc than on the years-old xbox 360 and ps3 technology. you are going to want your computer ready to play this game. -------------------------------- for more information on crucial performance memory, you can check out our ballistix site. or, watch our ballistix playlist on youtube.﻿ ﻿ read more add more ram to boost your world of warcraft cataclysm experiencethe millions of virtual citizens of blizzard's hugely popular mmorpg, world of warcraft, celebrated the recent launch of the game's latest expansion pack — world of warcraft: cataclysm. those of the game's 12 million-plus subscribers who meet only the minimum ram required specifications of the new title, however, might want to look into upgrading their ram and hard drives in order to maximize their azeroth experience.the minimum requirements for cataclysm are not extreme compared to most games, but they are a jump from the last expansion pack, 2008's wrath of the lich king. cataclysm requires 1gb of ram, higher than the 512mb minimum by wrath of the lich king. however, as many gamers know, meeting only the minimum ram requirement can lead to a choppy, frustrating gaming experience, especially as systems struggle to keep pace with the game's memory demands in highly populated areas. memory is not the only issue facing cataclysm players, however. the game is also a hard drive hog, taking up 25gb of space. in comparison, wrath of the lich king used 15gb of hard drive space. for many gamers, the hard drive requirements will be the most difficult requirement to overcome. "there are no real surprises in store — the requirements are really very low, it's just the hard drive that takes a bit of a kicking," wrote russell barnes of totalpcgaming.com when the specifications were announced. if your hard drive is already filled to the brim and you are in need of an upgrade to play cataclysm, now might be a good time to consider investing in a new ssd. ssdsare faster and more efficient than traditional hard disc drives. an upgrade will be worth it. reviews of the game have been strong, indicating that it is yet another superb entry in blizzard's flagship franchise. "simply put, it is world of warcraft 2.0. everything seems to fit in — overhauled graphics, new landscapes, additional quests," gamingxp wrote in its review. if you're a wow fan, you won't want to miss out on cataclysm, especially due to a computer that is slow or out of space. the game is sure to be one of the biggest releases of the year and you owe it to yourself to make sure you have the hardware to run it.﻿ ------------------------------------------- for more information on crucial performance memory, you can check out our ballistix site. or, watch our ballistix playlist on youtube.﻿ read more get the most out of your pc computer basics: keep you computer clean on two levelscleaning a computer is important on two levels - intangible and physical - as both dictate how well the computer performs.basic computer maintenance can be performed by almost anybody, and is absolutely essential to ensuring the life cycle of a computer. to make sure you are getting the most out of your computer's performance, you’ll need to address your computer's intangible and physical hygiene needs.intangible hygienewhen it comes to maintaining and organizing your computer’s intangible parts, such as data and storage, disk defragmentation and other similar practices are important. your storage device's performance will deteriorate when more information is stored on it because it has to sort through more data to access important files. this is less of an issue with a solid state drive, because it does not have any moving parts, but an overflowing disk can still impact ssd controllers.to make sure your storage device is able to operate at peak efficiency, a few basic cleaning practices should be performed on a regular basis. to begin, you should try not to burden the device with unused applications and other clutter, such as web apps and other programs that are easy to download and then ignore. it is important to periodically go through your program files and uninstall whatever you do not use regularly. to make this more effective, you should also defragment your disk at least a few times a year, and preferably on a monthly basis.when a computer saves files, programs and other data, it often does so in fragments that are spread over the drive to maximize read speeds. this is especially prevalent when saving files or programs that share saved data. when you uninstall programs and delete files, saved data that is no longer relevant and other small portions of information are often left on the disk for a variety of reasons. a disk defragmenter will take these fragments and compile them into data packages that can either be stored more efficiently if they are still needed, or deleted if they are no longer necessary. most operating systems will recommend which fragments to save and which should be deleted. this basic procedure will help keep the intangibles of your computer clean and maintain performance.physical cleaningyour computer also needs to be kept clean on a physical level. the primary need to clean a computer stems from the importance of air flow in keeping hardware cool. if components operate at overly hot temperatures, they are prone to failure and their performance may degrade over time. most computers are able to stay cool enough using fans inside the case. typically, a computer will at least have an exhaust fan, and most will also feature an intake fan.each fan will have a filter that helps catch dust, dirt and other grime before sending air into the computer. however, a filter that is encased with dust and dirt will draw in less air, making it more difficult for the computer to operate at cool temperatures. the procedure for cleaning your computer's air filters will vary substantially depending on the type of case you have, but your user manual should have basic instructions. you can also check online. in some instances, the best way to manage cooling and air flow is to build the computer yourself. this will give you an intimate knowledge of where the fans are and how to get to the filters so you can add any extra fans as needed.whether you are cleaning the intangible parts of your computer or taking care of the physical hardware, it is important to keep your computer clean in order to help it operate at peak capacity. -------------------------- for more information on dram, go to our knowledge base library or our news and information page. for additional information on crucial dram products, go to our product pages or support center.  we have lots of videos for you to watch on our youtube channel. and if you’re ready to take the plunge, use the crucial memory advisor or the crucial system scanner.﻿ read more reasons your computer acts older and slowerwe’ve all been there –late for an appointment and in need of directions to get there. then, when you go to print them out, you waste previous time waiting for a program to load on your computer. no one likes a slow computer, and most don’t think there’s anything they can do about it. the first step to fixing it, though, is understanding why it is slow in the first place. when a computer ages it also slows down. this relationship is somewhat inherent because components need to operate in concert to perform well, and an old component will slow others down, regardless of their age. the relational nature in computer hardware, however, also makes time a relative concept, since dramatic technological advances in one area can have an impact on the perceived age and operational speed of other components.advances in storage technologyfor well over a decade, hard disk drives have been the dominant storage technology. initially, drives were vastly disparate and some would quickly become outdated by new manufacturing advances. now, they all will behave pretty similarly and provide a reliable solution. over time, hdds became so dominant that software was tailored to work with the storage platform. this made transitioning to solid state drives, an utterly revolutionary storage device, difficult.initially, the technology gained a reputation for aging fast. at the time, any performance benefits achieved by the technology would be negated when users loaded the drive with significant amounts of data. it soon became clear that ssds were slowing quickly because operating systems were optimized to work with hdds, and could not handle ssd transfer speeds. these problems have been resolved, and ssds are now lasting much longer before they age and begin to slow down, with most proving more reliable than hdds.the evolution of the ssd is a clear indication of how computer components are not affected by time in a linear way. instead, they may seem to age fast because software is unable to support them properly. once the technology had advanced to a point that the software could handle the hardware, the technology's lifecycle improved almost immediately.cpu advancessudden technological advances in processing technology do not only impact the perceived age and speed of cpus, but also affect the computer as a whole. when processor technology makes a major architectural jump, older components not only will seem old sooner, the motherboard and ram may also be affected. new processing technology typically requires a new type of port. therefore, a motherboard that would not normally get old or slow for three or four years could seem obsolete after just a month if a revolutionary line of processors uses a port technology that it cannot support.major changes in the processor climate can also impact how old or slow ram will seem. when the cpu reads data stored in the ram to operate applications, the most important data is stored in the processor's cache. the cache prevents a bottleneck, dramatically improving read speeds. when advances are made in processor cache technology, older ram can be given new youth because the processor will be able to pick up more of the operating slack.analyzing the impact of processing technologies makes it clear that time and slowness are not simply linear processes that act upon hardware in a consistent way. instead, some hardware can be made to seem older or slower because other hardware has advanced faster than originally expected.measuring time in a non-linear environmentbecause components are all intertwined, consumers need to not only look at the age of individual hardware, but also the relative age of their machine to evaluate if their computer is old or slow. for example, a blazingly fast ssd can be negated by an old processor that cannot handle data transfer rates or ram that cannot store enough memory to handle new programs. therefore, the computer may still operate like it is old, even though a key component is state-of-the-art. ------------------------------------------ for more information on dram, go to our knowledge base library or our news and information page. for additional information on crucial dram products, go to our product pages or support center.  we have lots of videos for you to watch on our youtube channel. and if you’re ready to take the plunge, use the crucial memory advisor or the crucial system scanner.﻿ read more want to get the most out of your dram? overclock ityour computer might be running just fine, but don’t kid yourself — it could be running even faster. for those willing to modify their computer’s hardware, overclocking is the best way to improve the performance of your cpu, dram and hard drive.overclocking is the process of running a piece of computer hardware at a faster clock rate than it is set to run. while it can be risky for those who are experienced with computer upgrades, a properly overclocked computer will see significant improvements with no negative effects on the side. since ram is so important to your computer’s speed, it’s a good place to start when considering overclocking. before you start digging through your computer to figure out how to overclock, you need to consider a few things first. not all ram is alike, though, and some ram modules are better designed for overclocking than others. because of this, if you’re looking to overclock, you might want to get some new ram first. while you might not want to spend extra, think of it as an investment; you will be upgrading your ram twice over, after all. one ram manufacturer recently launched a line of high performance ddr3 dram that is aimed specifically at overclockers. the modules, which run at 1.5 volts, are offered in single, double and triple module kits and have capacities ranging from 4 gb to 16 gb. before overclocking, the ram runs at speeds ranging from 1600 mhz to 1866 mhz. another dram manufacturer recently launched a line of ddr2 and ddr3 modules aimed at gamers. these 2gb modules are also designed to be compatible with overclocking. according to techshout.com, the modules are good for more than just gaming. “each of the products in this line is also built to serve profession graphic designing and multimedia auditing requirements. with this series, a lot of emphasis has been given to attributes such as clock speed and memory timing,” according to the report. if you’re unsure about overclocking your ram module, research the model online.once you’re set with ram you are confident about overclocking, the actual process can begin. before tinkering with any of your computer’s processes, it is wise to backup any files you don’t want to risk losing. memory is overclocked through the motherboard’s setup. you can access this by hitting the delete key while viewing your computer’s boot menu during startup. once you have accessed the menu, change the memory clock’s speed, save the configuration and restart. to test the new clock speed, run an application that requires a lot of memory, such as a game with high graphics requirements. there are also memory benchmark programs that you can download to make sure your computer’s performance is actually increasing, because an improperly overclocked memory module can actually decrease a computer’s performance. if the overclock fails, you simply have to go back to the boot menu and reset the clock speed. if it is successful, you can stick with the new dram speed and enjoy, or continue to overclock. if you choose the latter — which you will want to do if you have dram designed for overclocking — be sure to increase the clock speed in small increments until you reach your ram’s maximum clock speed. you can also overclock dram by increasing its voltage. this is an option to increase your ram’s maximum clock speed. to do this, access the motherboard menu and find the voltage control. it will be listed with names such as “dimm overvoltage control” and “dram voltage regulator.” from here, you will be presented with your voltage options. increase your voltage here as desired and you will improve your ram’s clock speeds. while overclocking is not recommended for the inexperienced, it can be a great option for improving computer experience without spending a dollar. it’s easy, free and can give you great results quickly.﻿ ---------------------------------------------- for more information on dram, go to our knowledge base library or our news and information page. for additional information on crucial dram products, go to our product pages or support center.  we have lots of videos for you to watch on our youtube channel. and if you’re ready to take the plunge, use the crucial memory advisor or the crucial system scanner.﻿ read more get the most out of your pc: optimizing hardwaremany users are under the false impression that computers are incredibly complex machines that should only be altered by engineers or other similarly qualified professionals. this perception has become less true as computing technology has matured, and now anybody with access to the internet can learn and navigate the inside of a computer.because upgrading computers has become so much easier than it was in the past, users have new opportunities at their fingertips to optimize pcs and make the most of their hardware. the pc optimization process begins when deciding which hardware to purchase, and continues into configuring the device's hardware and software systems.choosing the right components for optimizationwhen you build a new computer, which almost anybody can do with the help of instructional manuals and online help forums, it is important to choose the right components to create and maintain an optimized environment. for example, it is important to choose a motherboard that will have space for more ram than you plan on purchasing initially so you can make an upgrade later.as a general rule, you should also focus on selecting high-performance components if you expect to optimize your computer. regardless of how much memory you buy or how fast the processor is, you will want to buy a high-performance model. for example, if you choose to purchase 4gb of ram instead of getting 8gb, you should still look to invest in a performance-oriented model within the 4gb category. the high-end components will feature faster read times for ram, more l3 cache for the processor and other similar secondary features that will help get the most out of your computer.hardware configurationconfiguring hardware for optimal performance will also improve your computer's performance. to accomplish this, many users will overclock their ram and processor to increase their capabilities. by removing the safeguards that dictate how much voltage is sent to components, users can closely control the amount of energy sent to hardware. they can use this control to gradually increase voltage levels and dramatically improve ram timings and processing power.overclocking is another option. experienced users can go into the system bios and settings, change voltage levels and try running the computer with the new settings. monitoring tools, many of which can be downloaded online, will ensure any changes will still be safe. while overclocking can be relatively easy, it should still be performed carefully because it involves circumventing built-in safety controls.configuring softwaresometimes, users running advanced hardware experience performance issues because their operating system, firmware or other hardware is unable to keep up with the hardware's capabilities. to make sure your computer can handle all of the advanced features of new hardware, it is important to update component firmware. it is also necessary to maintain the most recent operating system version possible to make sure hardware is optimally supported.there are exceptions to these rules, in which an updated version of firmware or software will not support some performance features that an earlier edition was more compatible with. to address these exceptions, be sure to carefully research your various hardware items to understand their nuances.optimizing hardware to improve performance is something that almost anybody can do if they gain a full understanding of their computer and its needs. the same principles for optimization when building a new device can apply to any upgrades that you may make to improve an older computer. ------------------------------------ for more information on dram, go to our knowledge base library or our news and information page. for additional information on crucial dram products, go to our product pages or support center.  we have lots of videos for you to watch on our youtube channel. and if you’re ready to take the plunge, use the crucial memory advisor or the crucial system scanner.﻿ read more is your computer slow? upgrade your components.we’ve all been there – late for an appointment and in need of directions to get there. then, when you go to print them out, you waste previous time waiting for a program to load on your computer.no one likes a slow computer, and most don’t think there’s anything they can do about it. the first step to fixing it, though, is understanding why it is slow in the first place.when a computer ages it also slows down. this relationship is somewhat inherent because components need to operate in concert to perform well, and an old component will slow others down, regardless of their age. the relational nature in computer hardware, however, also makes time a relative concept, since dramatic technological advances in one area can have an impact on the perceived age and operational speed of other components.advances in storage technologyfor well over a decade, hard disk drives have been the dominant storage technology. initially, drives were vastly disparate and some would quickly become outdated by new manufacturing advances. now, they all will behave pretty similarly and provide a reliable solution. over time, hdds became so dominant that software was tailored to work with the storage platform. this made transitioning to solid state drives, an utterly revolutionary storage device, difficult.initially, the technology gained a reputation for aging fast. at the time, any performance benefits achieved by the technology would be negated when users loaded the drive with significant amounts of data. it soon became clear that ssds were slowing quickly because operating systems were optimized to work with hdds, and could not handle ssd transfer speeds. these problems have been resolved, and ssds are now lasting much longer before they age and begin to slow down, with most proving more reliable than hdds.the evolution of the ssd is a clear indication of how computer components are not affected by time in a linear way. instead, they may seem to age fast because software is unable to support them properly. once the technology had advanced to a point that the software could handle the hardware, the technology's lifecycle improved almost immediately.cpu advancessudden technological advances in processing technology do not only impact the perceived age and speed of cpus, but also affect the computer as a whole. when processor technology makes a major architectural jump, older components not only will seem old sooner, the motherboard and ram may also be affected. new processing technology typically requires a new type of port. therefore, a motherboard that would not normally get old or slow for three or four years could seem obsolete after just a month if a revolutionary line of processors uses a port technology that it cannot support.analyzing the impact of processing technologies makes it clear that time and slowness are not simply linear processes that act upon hardware in a consistent way. instead, some hardware can be made to seem older or slower because other hardware has advanced faster than originally expected.measuring time in a non-linear environmentbecause components are all intertwined, consumers need to not only look at the age of individual hardware, but also the relative age of their machine to evaluate if their computer is old or slow. for example, a blazingly fast ssd can be negated by an old processor that cannot handle data transfer rates or ram that cannot store enough memory to handle new programs. therefore, the computer may still operate like it is old, even though a key component is state-of-the-art. -------------------------------------- for more information on dram, go to our knowledge base library or our news and information page. for additional information on crucial dram products, go to our product pages or support center.  we have lots of videos for you to watch on our youtube channel. and if you’re ready to take the plunge, use the crucial memory advisor or the crucial system scanner.﻿﻿ read more old computer? make it a kid computer. do you have an older computer collecting dust or bogged down by everything you’re trying to run?  do you also have school-age kids who are hankering for their own system?  turning an old computer into the ideal system for your kids’ needs is easier –and cheaper--than you might think. the memory experts at crucial have a few ideas on how to do that.kids' computing needs today reach well beyond paint;computers are an inherent part of their lives. kids will want or need computer for two things: playing games and doing homework.  and it’s easy to take that older notebook or desktop system and create a perfect kid system. to do so, you’ll need to think about hardware, software applications, and security.hardware:fortunately, your kids won’t need much here. unless they’re playing high-bandwidth games, older components should work just fine.  we do recommend a ram upgrade for older systems. it’s an inexpensive, easy way to boost system performance and add to an older system’s lifespan.  crucial has plenty of memory upgrades for older computers—you can find a compatible upgrade by using the crucial system scanner.for more specifics on hardware considerations, read our kid-friendly hardware article.software, security, and other applications.once you have your system hardware in place, it’s time to think about software and applications.if you have original operating system installation disk, format the system and perform a clean install.  your kids won’t need the majority of what you’ve likely got on there – like microsoft excel, or the last eight years’ worth of tax returns, or your collection of family vacation photos. by now, you’ve saved or transferred everything important to a newer computer, so you can strip this one and pare it down. after you re-install the os, you’ll want appropriate anti-virus and anti-malware software and a stable browser.  if you are running microsoft vista or windows 7, we recommend microsoft security essentials. for older an os, we like avast,  avira, or avg.  a lot of malicious stuff can hide in what looks like kid-“friendly” web sites, so an anti-malware is crucial. we like malware bytes. most of these applications have a paid version and a free version; you can start with the free one and upgrade later if you see a need. kids will find a lot of games and videos online– so any filtering/parental control software is pretty handy, too.next, the kids will need their own version of productivity software. fortunately, there are plenty of open source options that work great without costing you a penny.for kids of all ages, we like to start with google pack. google pack a free collection of essential software from google and other trusted companies.  it’s currently available for windows xp, windows vista, and windows 7. there’s also a google mac software page. the software in the google pack helps you browse the web faster, remove spyware and viruses, organize your photos, and more. and you can rest assured these downloads wont’ screw up your system: the software has been verified free of unwanted extra programs or excessive notifications.another tip? get your kids started with google docs for their word processing. not only is it free, but it’s set up for easy sharing, making it ideal for submitting assignments to a teacher, or engaging with fellow students in collaborative learning situations.for older kids who might be using photos or other images for school or fun, we like another free program: the gimp. an acronym for the gnuimage manipulation program, this free software raster graphics editor is a great image retouching and editing tool and is freely available in versions for most popular os options. those older kids can also take advantage of open office for any productivity needs, including word processing and viewing powerpoint presentations. just for fun consider buying an inexpensive web cam, if your older system doesn’t have an internal one.  kids love making and watching videos of themselves and their friends … it’s a great way to help them express themselves creatively and do something interactive. download skype.  it’s free, and a whole lot of fun.  skype allows them to video chat with friends, grandparents, and parents who may be out of town on travel. -------------------------------- for more information on dram, go to our knowledge base library or our news and information page. for additional information on crucial dram products, go to our product pages or support center.  we have lots of videos for you to watch on our youtube channel. and if you’re ready to take the plunge, use the crucial memory advisor or the crucial system scanner. ﻿ read more help memory buying guide ssd buying guide ram, ssd news and info forum faqs product info customer service order assistance order status returns warranty shipping payment methods shop business / reseller government / education oem / designer international other places to buy company info about crucial.com privacy media environmental information legal affiliates site map community forum newsletter twitter facebook youtube © micron technology, inc. all rights reserved. ca sb 657 shop with confidence crucial.com provides secure ordering & top-rated customer satisfaction since 1997. ram by manufacturer: dell memory | apple memory | hp memory | compaq memory | asus memory | gateway memory | toshiba memory | acer memory | ibm memory | sony memory dram by product line: dell dimension | dell inspiron desktop | dell inspiron laptop | apple imac | dell optiplex | apple macbook | dell latitude | macbook pro | compaq presario | ibm thinkpad memory type: ddr3 | ddr2 | ddr | performance memory | usb drives | ssd | solid state drives computer type: dell desktop | dell laptop | dell server | hp-compaq desktop | hp-compaq notebook | hp-compaq server | apple desktop | apple laptop | toshiba notebook | asus motherboard