来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231030456/https://www.crucial.com/usa/en/memory-buying-guide
================================================================================

crucial.com - memory information and buying guide message dialog close display update message the maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. please refine your selection. this item has been successfully added to your list. continue shopping us sign in/register 800-336-8915 chat shopping cart no items in the cart ???acce_region_wish_list_content??? no items in the wish list select a store united states (usd) european union (euros) united kingdom (gbp) francais (euros) italiano (euros) 中国 (亚洲) remember this selection select search suggested keywords menu suggested site content and search history menu search store compatible upgrades. guaranteed. advisor toolsystem scanner memory ddr4 ddr3 ddr2 ddr crucial memory ballistix memory server memory memory for mac solid state drives mx100 ssd m550 ssd m500 ssd factory recertified ssd accessories upgrade tools computer components usb flash drives miscellaneous shop by manufacturer acer apple asus dell gateway hp lenovo toshiba memory shop for memory compatibility tools advisor toolsystem scanner category ddr4 ddr3 ddr2 ddr series crucial ballistix sport ballistix tactical ballistix elite manufacturer acer apple asus dell gateway hp lenovo toshiba learn about memory crucial memory for desktops for laptops for servers for mac systems compare all ballistix® memory elite tactical tracer tactical sport resources ddr4 overview buying guide solid state drives shop for ssds compatibility tools advisor toolsystem scanner solid state drives mx100 ssd m550 ssd m500 ssd factory recertified manufacturer acer apple asus dell gateway hp lenovo toshiba learn about ssds solid state drives crucial m550 ssd crucial mx100 ssd crucial m500 ssd compare all resources ssd buying guide ssd support ssd firmware updates community community forum knowledge base memory solid state drives crucial videos more from crucial social facebook twitter youtube google+ support product support memory support ssd support store help order status customer service returns payment options shipping policy terms of sale crucial partners learn community forum knowledge base memory guide solid state drive guide business solutions gov-ed solutions contact us email chat phone memory 101 what is memory (dram)? how to know when you need a memory upgrade why memory is the easiest and most affordable way to improve your system the role of memory in your computer what's the difference between memory and storage? 3 reasons to buy crucial memory finding the right memory how much memory do you need? how to find the right memory for your system how to determine your system's make and model memory and motherboard compatibility the quality of crucial memory how we make our memory 3 reasons to buy memory from a major manufacturer the difference between premium and generic memory memory module assembly: why it matters the truth about memory manufacturers how to install memory installing memory is easy – no computer skills necessary! save money – install your own memory! desktop memory installation laptop memory installation mac® installation center installation troubleshooting tips crucial memory products desktop and workstation memory laptop memory server memory crucial memory for mac® systems crucial ballistix® performance memory the benefits of purchasing direct 10 reasons to choose crucial.com risk-free shopping on crucial.com the crucial.com 100% compatibility guarantee the crucial performance lab memory buying guide looking for information on computer memory? you’ve come to the right place! for more than 35 years, we’ve developed, manufactured, and refined memory technology for the world’s computer manufacturers and everyday users. through our signature compatibility tools, we’ve helped identify compatible upgrades for millions of systems and counting, and we’re excited to share our depth of knowledge here. we're here to help you improve the performance of your computer. it's easy to contact us and we are always here to help with any questions you have. crucial community forum the fastest way to get answers to your technical support or customer service questions. register now to be part of the crucial online community and search our forums for the information you need. online tools to help you quickly and accurately determine the right upgrade for your needs and budget. through videos and articles, we teach easy memory installation, and our crucial community forums are the perfect place to share ideas, ask questions, and discover even more about memory technology. the benefits of shopping on crucial.com free shipping 45 day money-back guarantee award-winning service and tech support guaranteed compatibility when you use our compatibility tools to order shop with confidence: shopzilla® circle of excellence website winner of 2 stevie® awards for exceptional customer service and website experience crucial is a part of micron, one of the largest memory manufacturers in the world. this means that a higher level of quality and expertise is built into our products than is often available through third-party upgrades. from the first modern modules to cutting-edge ddr4 memory and the world’s most reliable ssds, we’ve engineered the technologies that have been powering computers for 35 years and counting. we’re committed to improving your system’s performance! what is memory? the role of memory memory: easy and affordable when you need a memory upgrade two ways to find compatible upgrades crucial advisor tool if you know your system's specs, use this tool. tell us the manufacturer, make, and model of your system, and we’ll provide a list of compatible upgrades that will work best with your system’s specs and capabilities. 1 — select model type all blade coprocessor card desktop/pc digital camcorder digital camera digital devices (misc) handheld pc/pda laptop/notebook mp3 player motherboard multimedia projectors netbook networking devices phone printer raid, sound, and video cards server tablet thin client/network terminal unknown workstation 1 — edit 1 — select manufacturer 1 — edit select product line 2 — edit select model 3 — edit find upgrade crucial system scanner if you don't know your system's specs, use this. download and use our scanner tool, which will analyze your system's hardware and provide a list of compatible upgrades that will work best with your system's specs and capabilities. i agree to the terms & conditions before downloading, installing, accessing or using the micron technology, inc. ("mti") system scanner software ("software") or clicking on "accept", please carefully read this on-line system scanner software license agreement ("agreement") which contains the terms and conditions under which you ("licensee") are acquiring a license to use the software. if licensee does not accept the terms and conditions of this agreement, please do not download, install, access or use the software, and do not click on "accept". if licensee downloads, installs, accesses or uses the software or clicks on "accept", licensee will be acquiring a license to use the software in object code form only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and licensee will be considered to have accepted and agreed to all the terms and conditions of this agreement. license mti grants to licensee during the term of this agreement a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and restricted license to use internally the software strictly for the purposes of determining possible memory upgrades to licensee's personal computer. no resale, relicensing, export, re-export or other redistribution of the software in any way is permitted. licensee acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for the provision, maintenance and operation of all software (including without limitation all operating systems, web browsers, and network software), hardware, firmware, computer and telecommunications equipment and services, and all other third party products, materials and services necessary or useful for the proper download, installation, operation, access and/or use of the software, and for paying any and all fees, costs and expenses associated with any and all of the foregoing. ownership all right, title and interest in and to the software, including without limitation all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and all other proprietary and intellectual property rights, shall at all times remain with mti (or its licensors). licensee acknowledges and agrees that no ownership interest in or to the software is transferred to licensee hereunder, and that the software is provided to licensee during the term of this agreement only and strictly on a license basis as provided for within this agreement. mti (or its licensors) reserves all rights not expressly granted. permitted uses licensee may: download, install and use one (1) copy of the software on one (1) personal computer of licensee; and make one (1) additional copy of the software in machine readable format for backup purposes only. licensee is prohibited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from doing any of the following: sublicense, sublease, lease, sell, distribute, rent, permit concurrent use of or grant other rights in the software; provide use of the software in a computer service business, network, time sharing or interactive cable television arrangement; transfer or assign this agreement; or translate, copy, modify, adapt, alter, reverse engineer, create derivative works, decompile or disassemble any part of the software. no warranties the software is provided "as is" and "as available" without any representations or warranties whatsoever. mti does not represent or warrant that the software will be error-free, bug-free, uninterrupted, timely, complete, accurate or secure. without limiting the foregoing, mti expressly disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, oral or written, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, and those arising from a course of dealing, usage, trade custom or practice. these disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent permissable under applicable law. limitation of liability the entire risk as to the download, installation, access, use, results and performance of the software is assumed by licensee. mti shall not be liable under any circumstances or any legal or equitable theory, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, for any lost revenue or profits, lost or damaged data or any other commercial or economic loss, or for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive or special damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the software or to this agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. these limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. nothing in this agreement shall restrict mti's liability in a manner which is expressly prohibited by applicable law. term and termination this agreement is effective until terminated. licensee may terminate this agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the software. this agreement shall terminate immediately without notice from mti if licensee fails to comply with any provision of this agreement. upon termination, licensee must destroy all copies of the software. u.s. government licensees any download, installation, access or use of the software for or on behalf of the united states of america, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("u.s. government"), is provided with restricted rights. use, duplication, or disclosure by the u.s. government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in technical data and computer software clause at dfars 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the commercial computer software - restricted rights at 48 cfr 52.227-19, as applicable. manufacturer is micron technology, inc., 8000 s. federal way, boise, idaho 83707-0006. export restrictions the software and technical data delivered under this agreement are subject to u.s. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. licensee agrees to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledges that licensee has the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export, or import as may be required. governing law this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of idaho and controlling u.s. federal law. no choice of law or conflict of law principles shall apply, and the 1980 united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, if applicable, is expressly excluded. licensee agrees that the state and federal courts located in idaho constitute a convenient forum for any litigation and licensee submits to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. this transaction is void wherever such transaction is prohibited. general any provision of this agreement which is held to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be severed from this agreement and ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. this agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions and understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter herein. no modification of or amendment to this agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by mti. download the scanner using this tool guarantees compatibility when you order on crucial.com without a doubt, compatibility is the most important factor in buying a memory upgrade for your laptop or computer. your ram must be compatible with your system — or your system just won't work. with so many variations in memory, it's important to understand just exactly what will work — and what won't — in your system. using the memory advisor or scanner on crucial.com is the best way to ensure compatibility. 100% guaranteed. or your money back. additional resources memory knowledge base what to do with old memory modules glossary of technical memory terms contact a crucial memory expert crucial products are compatible with your system's warranty about warranty email preferences youtube facebook twitter google plus © 2014 micron technology, inc. all rights reserved our commitment terms privacy environmental site map