来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231100459/http://www.crucial.com/usa/en/support-ssd
================================================================================

crucial.com - ssd support us sign in/register shopping cart ???acce_region_wish_list_content??? no items in the wish list select a store united states (usd) european union (euros) united kingdom (gbp) francais (euros) italiano (euros) germany (euros) japan (yen) 中国 (亚洲) remember this selection select search suggested keywords menu suggested site content and search history menu search store compatible upgrades. guaranteed. advisor toolsystem scanner memory ddr4 ddr3/3l ddr2 ddr crucial memory ballistix memory server memory memory for mac solid state drives mx300 ssd factory recertified ssd accessories upgrade tools computer components usb flash drives miscellaneous shop by manufacturer acer apple asus dell gateway hp lenovo toshiba memory shop for memory compatibility tools advisor toolsystem scanner category ddr4 ddr3/3l ddr2 ddr series crucial ballistix sport ballistix tactical ballistix elite manufacturer acer apple asus dell gateway hp lenovo toshiba learn about memory crucial memory for desktops for laptops for servers for mac systems compare all ballistix® memory elite tactical sport compare ballistix resources ddr4 overview buying guide ballistix mod utility solid state drives shop for ssds compatibility tools advisor toolsystem scanner solid state drives mx300 ssd factory recertified manufacturer acer apple asus dell gateway hp lenovo toshiba learn about ssds solid state drives mx300 ssd compare legacy ssds mx200 ssd bx200 ssd bx100 ssd mx100 ssd m550 ssd m500 ssd resources ssd buying guide ssd support ssd firmware updates crucial storage executive ssd upgrade tool upgrades by device compatible upgrades. guaranteed. advisor toolsystem scanner popular manufacturers apple dell hp - compaq lenovo asus acer toshiba giga-byte sony samsung fujitsu msi (micro star) intel alienware packard bell show all... popular product lines macbook pro systems imac systems optiplex latitude asus motherboards inspiron laptops/notebooks macbook models asus notebooks poweredge mac pro proliant mac mini models probook giga-byte motherboards xps popular models macbook pro (13-inch and 15-inch, mid 2012) imac (retina 5k, 27-inch, late 2015) imac17,1 macbook pro (13-inch, early 2011) macbook pro (13-inch, late 2011) imac (21.5 and 27-inch, mid 2011) imac12,1/12,2 macbook pro (13-inch, mid 2010) macbook pro (15-inch, early 2011) macbook pro (15-inch, late 2011) macbook pro (13-inch, mid 2009) imac (21.5 and 27-inch, late 2009) imac10,1 mac pro (late 2013) macbook pro (15-inch, mid 2010) imac (27-inch, late 2013) imac14,2 hp prodesk 400 g3 small form factor mac mini (late 2012) community community forum knowledge base memory solid state drives crucial videos more from crucial social facebook twitter youtube google+ support product support memory support ssd support store help order status customer service returns payment options shipping policy terms of sale business and resellers crucial partners learn community forum knowledge base memory guide solid state drive guide contact us email chat phone chinese deutsch english español français italiano japanese support categories memory support page mac® support ssd support page mac® support contact us community knowledge base forum you tube videos search the crucial community crucial.com orders order status returns shipping policy payment options contact customer service ssd support firmware & downloads crucial mx300 ssd (all form factors) product flyer installation guide warranty crucial storage executive download 64-bit download 32-bit warning: as with all firmware updates, it is strongly recommended that you backup or make copies of all important files before performing this update. this firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. if performed correctly, there will be no loss of system or user data on the drive. however, if the firmware process is interrupted for any reason, your solid state drive may not function properly. if this update is done on a notebook computer, it is strongly recommended that power be supplied by the ac power adapter. version compatible products download m0cr040 crucial mx300 ssd (all form factors) manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware firmware guide release date: 11/1/2016 improved large block seq read performance on 2tb drives fixed potential command timeout when thermal throttling is active improved drive error handling general stability improvements legacy products crucial bx200 ssd (all form factors) product flyer installation guide warranty crucial storage executive download 64-bit download 32-bit warning: as with all firmware updates, it is strongly recommended that you backup or make copies of all important files before performing this update. this firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. if performed correctly, there will be no loss of system or user data on the drive. however, if the firmware process is interrupted for any reason, your solid state drive may not function properly. if this update is done on a notebook computer, it is strongly recommended that power be supplied by the ac power adapter. version compatible products download mu02 crucial bx200 ssd (all form factors) manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware firmware guide release date: 1/12/2016 corrected smart attribute threshold values improved general reliability and stability minor bug fixes and general reliability and stability improvements crucial mx200 ssd (all form factors) product flyer installation guide warranty crucial storage executive download 64-bit download 32-bit warning: as with all firmware updates, it is strongly recommended that you backup or make copies of all important files before performing this update. this firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. if performed correctly, there will be no loss of system or user data on the drive. however, if the firmware process is interrupted for any reason, your solid state drive may not function properly. if this update is done on a notebook computer, it is strongly recommended that power be supplied by the ac power adapter. version compatible products download mu04 crucial mx200 ssd (all form factors) manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware firmware guide release date: 06/30/2016 reduced resume from devslp time improved drive error handling improved random read performance for some workloads improved async powerloss recovery thermal throttling may not engage, issue introduced in mu03 additional details can be found in the firmware guide english crucial bx100 ssd (all form factors) product flyer installation guide warranty crucial storage executive download 64-bit download 32-bit warning: as with all firmware updates, it is strongly recommended that you backup or make copies of all important files before performing this update. this firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. if performed correctly, there will be no loss of system or user data on the drive. however, if the firmware process is interrupted for any reason, your solid state drive may not function properly. if this update is done on a notebook computer, it is strongly recommended that power be supplied by the ac power adapter. version compatible products download mu02 crucial bx100 ssd (all form factors) manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware firmware guide release date: 04/14/2015 firmware for the bx100 (all form factors) is being updated from version mu01 to mu02. the bx100 is updateable to this new firmware starting from previous versions using tools provided by micron. this update will be mandatory cut-in for new product built in micron factories, and is an optional update for any drive in the field. for end users, it is recommended if the user is experiencing or wishes to prevent an issue related to the following items. version mu02 includes the following changes: improved device sleep and slumber transitions. corrected smart attribute threshold values. improved general reliability and stability. additional details can be found in the firmware guide crucial mx100 ssd (all form factors) product flyer installation guide warranty crucial storage executive download 64-bit download 32-bit warning: as with all firmware updates, it is strongly recommended that you backup or make copies of all important files before performing this update. this firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. if performed correctly, there will be no loss of system or user data on the drive. however, if the firmware process is interrupted for any reason, your solid state drive may not function properly. if this update is done on a notebook computer, it is strongly recommended that power be supplied by the ac power adapter. version compatible products download mu02 crucial mx100 ssd (all form factors) manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware firmware guide release date: 03/10/2015 firmware for the mx100 (all form factors) is being updated from version mu01 to mu02. the mx100 is updateable to this new firmware starting from previous versions using tools provided by micron. this update will be mandatory cut-in for new product built in micron factories, and is an optional update for any drive in the field. for end users, it is recommended if the user is experiencing or wishes to prevent an issue related to the following items. version mu02 includes the following changes: improved stability, efficiency, and performance during power state transitions improved handling of environments with unstable power supplies improved handling of environments with sata interface signal integrity issues improved response time for smart read commands corrected error handling ncq trim commands corrected reporting of smart attribute 5 additional details can be found in the firmware guide crucial m550 ssd (all form factors) product flyer installation guide warranty crucial storage executive download 64-bit download 32-bit warning: as with all firmware updates, it is strongly recommended that you backup or make copies of all important files before performing this update. this firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. if performed correctly, there will be no loss of system or user data on the drive. however, if the firmware process is interrupted for any reason, your solid state drive may not function properly. if this update is done on a notebook computer, it is strongly recommended that power be supplied by the ac power adapter. version compatible products download mu02 crucial m550 ssd (all form factors) manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware firmware guide release date: 01/8/2015 firmware for the m550 (all form factors) is being updated from version mu01 to mu02. the m550 is updateable to this new firmware starting from previous versions using tools provided by micron. this update will be mandatory cut-in for new product built in micron factories, and is an optional update for any drive in the field. for end users, it is recommended if the user is experiencing or wishes to prevent an issue related to the following items. version mu02 includes the following changes: improved stability, efficiency, and performance during power state transitions improved handling of environments with unstable power supplies improved handling of environments with sata interface signal integrity issues improved response time for smart read commands corrected error handling ncq trim commands corrected reporting of smart attribute 5 additional details can be found in the firmware guide crucial m500 ssd (all form factors) product flyer installation guide warranty crucial storage executive download 64-bit download 32-bit warning: as with all firmware updates, it is strongly recommended that you backup or make copies of all important files before performing this update. this firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. if performed correctly, there will be no loss of system or user data on the drive. however, if the firmware process is interrupted for any reason, your solid state drive may not function properly. if this update is done on a notebook computer, it is strongly recommended that power be supplied by the ac power adapter. version compatible products download mu05 crucial m500 ssd (all form factors) windows® 7 updater application download firmware instruction guide manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware instruction guide release date: 03/25/2014 firmware for the m500 (all form factors) is being updated from version mu03 to mu05. the m500 is updateable to this new firmware starting from previous versions using tools provided by micron. this update will be mandatory cut-in for new product built in micron factories, and is an optional update for any drive in the field. for end users, it is recommended if the user is experiencing or wishes to prevent an issue related to the following items. version mu05 includes the following changes: improved drive latency performance in applications with smart polling improved compatibility with 3rd party encryption management software corrected reporting of smart attribute 196 and 183 increased thermal throttling response on 960gb capacity for greater reliability corrected upgrade issues experienced on mu03 by some customers numerous bug fixes and stability improvements additional details can be found in the firmware guide crucial m4 2.5-inch ssd product flyer installation guide warranty warning: the firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. before initiating the update process be sure to backup or make copies of all important files. if the firmware process is interrupted your solid-state drive may not function properly. uefi-based systems: during validation of this firmware update we noticed instances where our update tools do not recognize the ssd with some systems using uefi. the target device is not recognized as an updateable device during the reboot process. if this happens, the firmware update will not occur, and you’ll retain the firmware version you started with. windows will then restart normally. if this sequence occurs, you cannot upgrade to this firmware version at this time, but you’ve done no harm to your system (or your data). if you have a dual boot system we recommend using the manual boot process as opposed to the windows update utility. if you have more than one m4 in your system, note that the windows update utility will update all eligible drives automatically. with the manual boot file you will be prompted on which drive(s) you want to update. if you have questions or need assistance, please contact our technical support department. version compatible products download 070h crucial m4 2.5-inch (7mm & 9.5mm) ssd windows® 7 updater application download firmware instruction guide windows® 8 updater application download firmware instruction guide manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware instruction guide release date: 04/02/2013 firmware 070h is recommended for anyone currently running 040h or previous firmware releases. it includes incremental improvements and refinements over these versions which may improve the overall user experience. like recent firmware versions, version 070h has improvements over versions 000f which are specific for windows 8 and new ultrabook systems, although systems running windows 7 and other operating systems may also see improvements. any m4 firmware version will function normally in windows 8, even without these performance improvements. the following is a summary of changes between 040h and 070h, which are independent of operating system: resolved a power-up timing issue that could result in a drive hang, resulting in an inability to communicate with the host computer. the hang condition would typically occur during power-up or resume from sleep or hibernate. most often, a new power cycle will clear the condition and allow normal operations to continue. the failure mode has only been observed in factory test. the failure mode is believed to have been contained to the factory. this fix is being implemented for all new builds, for all form factors, as a precautionary measure. the fix may be implemented in the field, as desired, to prevent occurrence of this boot-time failure. to date, no known field returns have been shown to be related to this issue. a failure of this type would typically be recoverable by a system reset. additional details can be found in the firmware guide crucial m4 msata ssd product flyer installation guide warranty warning: the firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. before initiating the update process be sure to backup or make copies of all important files. if the firmware process is interrupted your solid-state drive may not function properly. uefi-based systems: during validation of this firmware update we noticed instances where our update tools do not recognize the ssd with some systems using uefi. the target device is not recognized as an updateable device during the reboot process. if this happens, the firmware update will not occur, and you’ll retain the firmware version you started with. windows will then restart normally. if this sequence occurs, you cannot upgrade to this firmware version at this time, but you’ve done no harm to your system (or your data). if you have a dual boot system we recommend using the manual boot process as opposed to the windows update utility. if you have more than one m4 in your system, note that the windows update utility will update all eligible drives automatically. with the manual boot file you will be prompted on which drive(s) you want to update. if you have questions or need assistance, please contact our technical support department. version compatible products download 07mh crucial m4 msata ssd windows® 7 updater application download firmware instruction guide windows® 8 updater application download firmware instruction guide manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware instruction guide release date: 03/26/2013 firmware for the m4 ssd is being updated from version 04mh to 07mh. firmware 07mh is recommended for anyone currently running 04mh or previous firmware releases. it includes incremental improvements and refinements over these versions which may improve the overall user experience. like recent firmware versions, version 07mh has improvements over versions 000f which are specific for windows 8 and new ultrabook systems, although systems running windows 7 and other operating systems may also see improvements. any m4 firmware version will function normally in windows 8, even without these performance improvements. the following is a summary of changes between 04mh and 07mh, which are independent of operating system: resolved a power-up timing issue that could result in a drive hang, resulting in an inability to communicate with the host computer. the hang condition would typically occur during power-up or resume from sleep or hibernate. most often, a new power cycle will clear the condition and allow normal operations to continue. the failure mode has only been observed in factory test. the failure mode is believed to have been contained to the factory. this fix is being implemented for all new builds, for all form factors, as a precautionary measure. the fix may be implemented in the field, as desired, to prevent occurrence of this boot-time failure. to date, no known field returns have been shown to be related to this issue. a failure of this type would typically be recoverable by a system reset. additional details can be found in the firmware guide english français 中国的 deutsch 日本語 english français 中国的 deutsch 日本語 english français 中国的 deutsch 日本語 crucial v4 2.5-inch ssd product flyer installation guide warranty warning: the firmware update is destructive to the data on the ssd and on the flash drive being created as bootable media. your data will be lost. the firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. before initiating the update process be sure to backup or make copies of all important files. if the firmware process is interrupted your solid-state drive may not function properly. if you have questions or need assistance, please contact our technical support department. version compatible products download 25 crucial v4 2.5-inch ssd manual boot file for windows download firmware instruction guide release date: 2/20/2013 firmware for the crucial v4 2.5" ssd is being updated from version 22 to 25 version 25 includes the following changes: improved full disk performance. improved mixed mode performance. additional details can be found in the firmware guide crucial adrenalinesolid state cache product flyer installation guide warranty compatibility notice: the crucial adrenaline solid state cache solution uses a crucial m4 ssd to cache data and boost system performance. while the firmware update on this page refers to the crucial m4 ssd, it is compatible (and recommended) for the crucial adrenaline. warning: the firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. before initiating the update process be sure to backup or make copies of all important files. if the firmware process is interrupted your solid-state drive may not function properly. uefi-based systems: during validation of this firmware update we noticed instances where our update tools do not recognize the ssd with some systems using uefi. the target device is not recognized as an updateable device during the reboot process. if this happens, the firmware update will not occur, and you’ll retain the firmware version you started with. windows will then restart normally. if this sequence occurs, you cannot upgrade to this firmware version at this time, but you’ve done no harm to your system (or your data). if you have a dual boot system we recommend using the manual boot process as opposed to the windows update utility. if you have more than one m4 in your system, note that the windows update utility will update all eligible drives automatically. with the manual boot file you will be prompted on which drive(s) you want to update. if you have questions or need assistance, please contact our technical support department. version compatible products download 070h crucial m4 2.5-inch (7mm & 9.5mm) ssd & crucial adrenaline ssc windows® 7 updater application download firmware instruction guide windows® 8 updater application download firmware instruction guide manual boot file for windows and mac® download firmware instruction guide release date: 04/02/2013 firmware 070h is recommended for anyone currently running 040h or previous firmware releases. it includes incremental improvements and refinements over these versions which may improve the overall user experience. like recent firmware versions, version 070h has improvements over versions 000f which are specific for windows 8 and new ultrabook systems, although systems running windows 7 and other operating systems may also see improvements. any m4 firmware version will function normally in windows 8, even without these performance improvements. the following is a summary of changes between 040h and 070h, which are independent of operating system: resolved a power-up timing issue that could result in a drive hang, resulting in an inability to communicate with the host computer. the hang condition would typically occur during power-up or resume from sleep or hibernate. most often, a new power cycle will clear the condition and allow normal operations to continue. the failure mode has only been observed in factory test. the failure mode is believed to have been contained to the factory. this fix is being implemented for all new builds, for all form factors, as a precautionary measure. the fix may be implemented in the field, as desired, to prevent occurrence of this boot-time failure. to date, no known field returns have been shown to be related to this issue. a failure of this type would typically be recoverable by a system reset. additional details can be found in the firmware guide crucial realssd c300 installation guide warranty warning: the firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. before initiating the update process be sure to backup or make copies of all important files. if the firmware process is interrupted your solid-state drive may not function properly. downgrading firmware has been suggested by some as a possible fix for various issues. however, doing so will cause the drive to be unusable, and also voids your crucial ssd product warranty. please do not attempt to downgrade (a.k.a. down rev) the firmware from version 0006 to version 0002. if you have questions or need assistance, please contact our technical support department. version compatible products download 0007 crucial realssd c300 1.8-inch ssd download firmware instruction guide release date: 04/26/2011 change log: improved product reliability. resolved performance anomaly which resulted in brief, intermittent pause in drive response time for some users. note: this is firmware from revision 0006 to revision 0007. it will not work for updating between any other versions. if your drive has revision 0001 firmware, then you must first perform the intermediate step of updating to revision 0002. if your drive has revision 0002 firmware, then you must first perform the intermediate step of updating to revision 0006. 0006 crucial realssd c300 download firmware instruction guide release date: 11/16/2010 change log: improved power management improved power-up behavior after uncontrolled power-down improved full drive and corner-case performance improved trim behavior note: this is firmware from revision 0002 to revision 0006. it will not work for updating between any other versions. if your drive has revision 0001 firmware, then you must first perform the intermediate step of updating to revision 0002. crucial realssd c300 installation guide warranty warning: the firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. before initiating the update process be sure to backup or make copies of all important files. if the firmware process is interrupted your solid-state drive may not function properly. downgrading firmware has been suggested by some as a possible fix for various issues. however, doing so will cause the drive to be unusable, and also voids your crucial ssd product warranty. please do not attempt to downgrade (a.k.a. down rev) the firmware from version 0006 to version 0002. if you have questions or need assistance, please contact our technical support department. version compatible products download 0007 crucial realssd c300 2.5-inch ssd download firmware instruction guide release date: 04/26/2011 change log: improved product reliability. resolved performance anomaly which resulted in brief, intermittent pause in drive response time for some users. note: this is firmware from revision 0006 to revision 0007. it will not work for updating between any other versions. if your drive has revision 0001 firmware, then you must first perform the intermediate step of updating to revision 0002. if your drive has revision 0002 firmware, then you must first perform the intermediate step of updating to revision 0006. 0006 crucial realssd c300 2.5-inch ssd download firmware instruction guide release date: 11/16/2010 change log: improved power management improved power-up behavior after uncontrolled power-down improved full drive and corner-case performance improved trim behavior note: this is firmware from revision 0002 to revision 0006. it will not work for updating between any other versions. if your drive has revision 0001 firmware, then you must first perform the intermediate step of updating to revision 0002. 0002 crucial realssd c300 2.5-inch ssd download firmware instruction guide release date: 5/20/2010 change log: improved power consumption improved trim performance enabled the drive activity pin (pin 11) improved robustness due to unexpected power loss improved data management to reduce maximum write latency improved performance of ssd as it fills up with data improved data integrity note: this requires a low level format to the ssd which will erase any data on the drive. please ensure that your data is backed up prior to performing the firmware update. we are hopeful that future firmware revisions/updates will not be destructive. crucial m225 2.5-inch ssd product flyer installation guide warranty warning: the firmware update process is done entirely at your own risk. before initiating the update process be sure to backup or make copies of all important files. if the firmware process is interrupted your solid-state drive may not function properly. downgrading firmware has been suggested by some as a possible fix for various issues. however, doing so will cause the drive to be unusable, and also voids your crucial ssd product warranty. please do not attempt to downgrade (a.k.a. down rev) the firmware from version 0006 to version 0002. if you have questions or need assistance, please contact our technical support department. version compatible products download 2030 crucial m225 2.5-inch ssd download firmware instruction guide release date: 1/10/2011 change log: added support for lba to nand bank mapping additional improvements made to update process. additional improvements made to firmware bad block management. corrected several ata security bug fixes. corrected how some smart commands were displayed added support for additional nand manufacturers, capacities, and configurations. made further improvements to trim and wear leveling algorithm 1916 crucial m225 2.5-inch ssd download firmware instruction guide release date: 1/21/2010 change log: fixed issue that sometimes causes firmware download problem fixed issue that could cause 256gb to be corrupted eliminated performance degradation over time with wiper with 1819 fw fixed issue where the power cycle count was incorrectly being reported with 1819 fw fixed issue where some sata 1 hosts weren’t correctly identifying the hardware fixed issue found in simulation (not in the field) where the free block count was incorrectly being reported fixed issue with remaining life not being properly displayed on smart information added support for additional nand manufactures and capacities made further improvements to wear leveling algorithm crucial wiper tool for user-initiated garbage collection. (for use with windows xp and vista only.) download 1819 crucial m225 2.5-inch ssd download firmware release date: 10/22/2009 change log: updater runs out of dos instead of windows 1.1 added ata8 acs2 trim support 1.2 sata rx ssc is turned off by default, now rx and tx ssc both off 1.3 identify word 69 bit 14 is cleared (non deterministic trim) 1.4 identify word 60-61 are changed (user addressable logical sectors for lba28) 1.5 fpdma error return code was not adequate 1.6 smart related changes were made (bbm error log was removed) 1.7 sata error handling code was enhanced 1.8 added paired page calculation for micron 34nm mlc nand bug fix: fixed a bug in error handling in set multiple mode command bug fix: fixed a bug that caused 1.5gbps diagnostic failure bug fix: smart related bugs were fixed bug fix: current ata security state was not reflected in identify information bug fix: performance boost routine reused the recently used block and it did harm to wear leveling. bug fix: during sata protocol, abrupt oob made controller hang bug fix: in bad block management, wrong number of free blocks is used and it led to timeout and hang bug fix: after standby_immediate, most host controllers wait for oob reply for 100ms. sometimes indilinx barefoot firmware couldn’t answer to comreset because ftl initialization took longer time. this bug caused windows sleep/hibernate test failure. bug fix: various read fail scenario were found with ftl simulation barefoot eco chip support code was added more nand ics supported installation & warranty limited 3-year ssd warranty 2.5-inch installation guide msata installation guide m.2 installation guide 2.5" ssd in laptop msata in laptop 2.5" ssd in desktop msata in desktop videos cloning using acronis true image hd 2015 install ssd in mac pro update m500 firmware in a mac copy/restore windows 7 boot camp partition in mac clone mac os x using disk utility articles cloning using acronis true image hd how to clone your old hard drive to your ssd (mac) why did my ssd "disappear" from my system? my ssd used to be so much faster... what happened? my acronis cd is blank. is something wrong with it? about warranty email preferences youtube facebook twitter google plus © 2016 micron technology, inc. all rights reserved our commitment terms of sale privacy terms of use environmental