来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231070439/https://www.crucial.com/products/ssd/crucial-p5-plus-ssd
================================================================================

pcie 4.0 nvme m.2 ssd | crucial p5 plus | crucial.com free shipping!     |      shop the latest deals! united states united states united kingdom france deutschland españa italia european union méxico brasil india 대한민국 中国 (亚洲) 台灣 日本 create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out home shop ram crucial memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram ddr3 ram shop all memory ddr5: everything you need to know read more crucial memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram ddr3 ram shop all memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory shop ssds crucial ssds featured 4tb 2tb 1tb nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds supercharge your build with our p5 plus nvme ssd shop now crucial ssds shop all ssds nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds solutions solutions use cases creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending articles pcie: a faster interface how to upgrade your ps5 how to disassemble and re-build a laptop pc solutions use cases creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending articles support support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out upgrade my computer shop ram crucial memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram ddr3 ram shop all memory ddr5: everything you need to know read more crucial memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram ddr3 ram shop all memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory shop ssds crucial ssds featured 4tb 2tb 1tb nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds supercharge your build with our p5 plus nvme ssd shop now crucial ssds shop all ssds nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds solutions solutions use cases creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending articles pcie: a faster interface how to upgrade your ps5 how to disassemble and re-build a laptop pc solutions use cases creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending articles support support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status upgrade my computer find a product part no. or config id sorry. your search did not match any active crucial part numbers or configuration ids. or find articles and site content enter keywords sorry. your search did not match any active crucial part numbers or configuration ids. × crucial® p5 plus nvmetm ssd unlock gen4 speed supercharge your build with the p5 plus nvme™ gen 4.0 pcie gaming ssd 500gb crucial p5 plus gaming ssd shop now 1tb crucial p5 plus gaming ssd shop now 2tb crucial p5 plus gaming ssd shop now view specifications crucial p5 plus gaming ssd are you ready for next-gen performance? the crucial® p5 plus ssd delivers remarkable speed and data protection with sequential reads up to 6600mb/s1 for transformative computing. engineered by micron® with the latest gen4 nvme™ technology, the crucial p5 plus includes advanced features like full hardware-based encryption, dynamic write acceleration, and adaptive thermal protection to keep your data safe while enhancing system reliability. designed specifically for intensive workloads, high-quality creative content, and hardcore gaming, the p5 plus is also backward compatible with most gen3 systems for ultimate flexibility. view all p5 plus gaming ssds speed reads up to 6600mb/s1 capacities 500gb, 1tb, 2tb2 generation pcie 4.0 nvme technology gen3 backward compatibility innovation micron advanced 3d nand and innovative controller technology warranty 5-year limited3 form factor m.2 (2280) proven performance when performance and reliability are critical, build your rig with our micron advanced nand and pcie® 4.0 nvme™ technology. our crucial p5 plus is nearly 2x4 faster than our previous generation and boasts read speeds up to 6600mb/s1. the p5 plus is developed, manufactured, and tested with micron for end-to-end quality you can trust. learn more about m.2 with pcie or sata get more done with cutting-edge technology and stability, the p5 plus is perfect for intensive uses like gaming, video editing, content creation, and demanding engineering applications. learn how to install to m.2 nvme ssds interoperability the p5 plus offers flexibility. whether you need an ssd for a gen3 system upgrade or a new gen4 build, the p5 plus is compatible with both. experience faster boot ups, apps that open in seconds, and games that load as soon as you're ready to play. shop nvme ssds fully loaded combine performance and durability with the advanced features of our p5 plus, including industry-leading nand, innovative controller technology, adaptive thermal protection, dynamic write acceleration, error correction, and encryption capability.  all crucial ssds also come with our storage executive and free cloning software. works with ps5™ by installing a p5 plus with a heatsink in the empty m.2 upgrade slot, playstation™ 5 players can expand storage for their game library and quickly run the hottest titles directly from the drive5,6. shop nvme ssds with heatsinks how to upgrade a playstation ™ 5 ssd one of the largest memory and storage manufacturers worldwide micron has been producing some of the world's most advanced memory and storage technologies for more than 40 years. all crucial products are developed by micron’s advanced engineering team to ensure best-in-class quality and reliability. crucial p5 plus pcie® 4.0 3d nand nvme™ m.2 gaming ssd product flyer capacity2 part number sequential read1 sequential write1 random read random write 500gb ct500p5pssd8 6600mb/s 4000mb/s 360k iops 700k iops 1tb ct1000p5pssd8 5000mb/s 630k iops 700k iops 2tb ct2000p5pssd8 720k iops 700k iops related articles how to install an m.2 nvme™ pcie® ssd september 15, 2022 install your new crucial m.2 nvme pcie ssd quickly and easily. a written guide with step-by-step instructions to walk you through the process. read more the m.2 form factor with pcie® and sata interfaces october 17, 2022 confused about m.2, pcie, sata and nvme ssds? the experts at crucial explain all you need to know about form factors, physical interfaces and more. read more how to upgrade a playstation 5 ssd and install crucial's p5 plus june 15, 2022 learn how to expand the storage in your playstation®5 console with the crucial p5 plus m.2 ssd and heatsink. our step by step guide will walk you through the installation and setup process to maximize the storage of your console. read more view all ssd articles typical i/o performance numbers as measured using crystaldiskmark® with a queue depth of 128 and write cache enabled. fresh out-of-box (fob) state is assumed. for performance measurement purposes, the ssd may be restored to fob state using the secure erase command. system variations will affect measured results. when installed in a gen3 system, typical read/write speeds are 3300/2700mb/s. some of the storage capacity is used for formatting and other purposes and is not available for data storage. 1gb equals 1 billion bytes. not all capacities available at initial launch. warranty valid for five years from the original date of purchase or before writing the maximum total bytes written (tbw) as published in the product datasheet and as measured in the product’s smart data, whichever comes first. calculated by comparing p5 plus’s sequential reads of 6600mb/s to the previous generation’s (p5) speed of 3400mb/s, or to the sata’s (bx500) speed of 540mb/s. sony recommends that nvme m.2 drives installed in the playstation 5 should be used with a heat-dissipation mechanism, such as a heat sink or heat transfer sheet. inappropriate use of a heat sink, or lack of heat-dissipation mechanism, may cause problems with the p5 plus and/or playstation 5. micron is not responsible for the user damaging the ps5 or other material. the crucial p5 plus meets the performance and form factor requirements for sony ps5™ when used with a heatsink. × 10% discount on your next order! sign up today to receive your welcome offer. the memory and storage experts.™ legal terms of sale your privacy choices privacy note compliance sustainability customer service contact order status payment options shipping returns product registration warranty resources upgrades storage executive acronis data transfer firmware updates faqs crucial about us products awards press blog © 2023 micron technology, inc. all rights reserved