来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231070439/https://www.crucial.com/support/articles-faq-ssd
================================================================================

ssd support — articles and faqs | crucial.com free shipping!     |      shop the latest deals! united states united states united kingdom france deutschland españa italia european union méxico brasil india 대한민국 中国 (亚洲) 台灣 日本 create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out home shop ram crucial memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram ddr3 ram shop all memory ddr5: everything you need to know read more crucial memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram ddr3 ram shop all memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory shop ssds crucial ssds featured 4tb 2tb 1tb nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds supercharge your build with our p5 plus nvme ssd shop now crucial ssds shop all ssds nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds solutions solutions use cases creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending articles pcie: a faster interface how to upgrade your ps5 how to disassemble and re-build a laptop pc view all articles solutions view all articles use cases creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending articles view all articles support support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out upgrade my computer shop ram crucial memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram ddr3 ram shop all memory ddr5: everything you need to know read more crucial memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram ddr3 ram shop all memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory shop ssds crucial ssds featured 4tb 2tb 1tb nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds supercharge your build with our p5 plus nvme ssd shop now crucial ssds shop all ssds nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds solutions solutions use cases creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending articles pcie: a faster interface how to upgrade your ps5 how to disassemble and re-build a laptop pc view all articles solutions view all articles use cases creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending articles view all articles support support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status upgrade my computer find a product part no. or config id sorry. your search did not match any active crucial part numbers or configuration ids. or find articles and site content enter keywords sorry. your search did not match any active crucial part numbers or configuration ids. × ssd support articles & faqs everything you need to know about crucial storage limited time! free heatsink with p5 plus ssd. details filters view all how-to installation product information troubleshooting windows mac portable view all how-to installation product information troubleshooting windows mac portable pcie ssd not booting after cloning from sata ssd/hdd when cloning a sata drive to one that uses pcie interface like our p-series of ssd, there is potential that you will be missing the correct drivers to boot to your newly cloned crucial® ssd. read more ssd disappears or crashes when resuming from sleep or during normal use if your system no longer recognizes the crucial® ssd when in use or when coming out of sleep mode, or locks up or crashes, several adjustments can resolve this. read more video: how to use acronis true image in this video you will learn how to use acronis true image to backup and migrate your data from an old drive to a new crucial ssd. read more how to install a 2.5-inch crucial® ssd in a mac® system follow our step by step guide to install an ssd in a mac® system read more how to initialize your ssd for windows® before you can use your new ssd you have to initialize and partition it. if you are performing a clean installation of your operating system, or cloning to your ssd, it is not neccessary to follow these steps. read more how to find your firmware revision for windows® to find out which firmware revision your ssd is running, follow our guide. read more why did my ssd disappear from my system? in most cases, your ssd can be returned to normal operating condition by completing a power cycle, a process detailed below which will take a few minutes, followed by optimizing your power settings for ssd use. read more initialize an ssd in os x® yosemite and earlier follow our step by step guide to initialize and partition an ssd with your mac® read more fixing an "unable to write to the last block of the device" error in os x® try our step by step guide to fix an "unable to write to the last block of the device" error in os x® read more replacing manufacturer ahci drivers with standard microsoft® sata drivers replacing manufacturer ahci drivers with standard microsoft sata drivers read more acronis® true image® for crucial overview crucial offers a full guide for migrating your original drive's contents, as well as assistance with installation. read more methods for erasing an ssd our storage executive tool offers a sanitize drive function and a psid revert function, both of which will erase an ssd's contents. read more initialize an ssd in os x® el capitan and later before you can use your new ssd with your mac® system, or install macos® onto it, you have to initialize and partition it first. follow the steps in this article if you are using os x el capitan or later. read more ssd firmware update on a mac® system to update the firmware on your ssd, follow our step by step guide. please ensure you are using an internal superdrive® for the update, and that your ssd is internally connected to a sata port. read more reset your ssd with windows® diskpart these steps show you how to use the windows diskpart clean command to quickly delete any partitions on the ssd and reset it to an uninitialized state. read more my ssd used to be so much faster crucial ssds use active garbage collection to perform background clean-up. for active garbage collection to have an effect, the ssd needs to have periods of idle time. read more optimizing your sata ssd optimizing your ssd read more my crucial® ssd has bad sectors the easiest way to keep track of the number of bad sectors on an ssd is to run chkdsk (short for "check disk") in windows®. read more setup of hardware encryption on crucial® seds via bitlocker windows® 8.1 and 10 professional/enterprise versions automatically support encryption key management of seds through an application called bitlocker®. read more ssd troubleshooting for a macbook pro® computer is your macbook pro computer with a crucial® ssd extremely sluggish or giving you an error when trying to format or reinstall macos x®? here are some troubleshooting steps to follow to figure out your problem. read more how to find your firmware revision (mac) to find which firmware revision your ssd is running, follow the steps in this article. read more why does my ssd show up as smaller than advertised? f you look at the specifications of any storage device, you will see a note that says something along the lines of ”1 gb = 1 billion bytes. actual usable capacity may vary.” read more create bootable media with acronis true image for crucial occasionally systems won’t reboot into the acronis boot-loader. this will result in the system rebooting, but not going into the acronis program to finish the clone. to get around this, a bootable copy of acronis is required. read more an overview of crucial storage executive an overview of crucial storage executive read more trim and ssd performance: why is it important? in a nutshell, trim is a feature that helps increase the efficiency of your ssd by preparing data blocks for reuse. read more sata controller modes explained sata controller modes explained read more more information about storage executive the following article contains some of our frequently asked questions about crucial® storage executive, its general use, and some of its specific functions. read more an overview of hardware encryption an overview of hardware encryption read more ssds and smart data a smart enabled storage drive monitors itself and collects data, and this data can be read and interpreted with the help of utilities capable of reporting the smart data to the user. read more storage executive fails to update the firmware on my ssd there is something in the system that is interfering with storage executive, preventing it from intiating the restart and subsequent loading of the linux® firmware updating boot sequence. read more installing an ssd in a server, nas, or workstation unlike traditional hard disk drives (hdds), a solid state drive (ssd) is composed of flash memory that stores data. read more why is my ssd capacity smaller after cloning? when cloning from a smaller hard drive to a larger solid state drive, there is potential for system recovery partitions to prevent the cloning software from properly scaling your c: drive. read more why doesn't my desktop recognize my ssd? why doesn't my desktop recognize my ssd? follow these steps if you are having issues with your desktop's 2.5 inch ssd recognition read more m.2 ssds: common questions and important differences what is the difference betwen sata and pcie m.2 drives? the main difference is that pcie and sata m.2 drives have different controllers. read more different types of drive encryption and security generally, we can break down these types of security into three forms: software encryption, hardware encryption, and ata security. read more molex to sata adapter cables can be dangerous to your ssd! molex to sata adapter cables are a very simple and cost-effective alternative to buying a new power supply. read more using an ssd externally as a data drive via usb all of our 2.5” ssds can be used externally as data storage drives where they can be installed in an enclosure and connected via usb. read more ssd is not recognized by your laptop if you are having issues getting your laptop to recognize your ssd, follow our step by step guide. read more can i update the ssd firmware from a bootable usb flash drive? the firmware update can be run from a bootable usb flash drive, provided the ssd is connected via sata directly, and the computer can boot from a usb flash drive. read more trim and os x® operating systems this articles contains a video showing a benchmark with trim enabled, then with trim disabled. you will see fluctuations in speed in both cases, but these fluctuations would not be noticeable under normal use. read more how to schedule a check disk on your drive windows® check disk is a very powerful tool for repairing problems with information on a drive that can lead to issues with windows®, or issues with cloning an image to a new ssd. read more how do i install os x® onto my new crucial ssd using recovery mode or time machine®? recent mac® systems will have an os x recovery mode built-in allowing you to reinstall a fresh version of os x that is currently installed on your system. read more an overview of msata and m.2 ssds some systems require pcie-based devices, while others require sata-based devices. some can use both, but might need to be configured to one mode or the other in your system's uefi or bios. read more adjusting space for windows® system restore windows system restore can result in ssd space being used. this is space that you might want for your own apps or data storage. read more how to install an ssd into a mac pro® computer crucial's guide shows how to install an ssd into a 2008-2012 model mac pro computer using an icy dock converter. read more imac® system fans are noisy and fan speed has significantly increased after ssd upgrade imac fans are noisy and fan speed has significantly increased after ssd upgrade read more i see a flashing question mark on the screen when booting from my ssd (mac® systems) if you attempt to boot from an ssd without an operating system installed, a flashing question mark appears to indicate that there is no bootable device. read more i'm not achieving the benchmark speeds i expected performance can vary depending on hardware, software, and other system configurations. our easy guide will ensure your ssd is configured correctly. read more helpful ssd accessories the crucial® ssd install kit contains every additional part needed for a typical install of a 2.5 inch solid state drive (ssd) into most laptops or desktops. read more can i update the ssd firmware from an external cd drive? no, this does not work. when using a bootable cd to run the firmware it will not work in an external cd drive connected through a usb port read more my ssd shows a raw partition. what do i do? when you see a raw partition in windows, this means the system does not recognize the file structure on the partition. read more my operating system will not install on my ssd if you are having an issue installing your operating system on your ssd, this guide provides troubleshooting tips to help. read more acronis image backup and recovery guide to minimize software conflicts that can result in errors, we recommend this operation be done using bootable media for acronis, as well. read more new ssd installed in a mac® computer is booting slowly after upgrading the storage drive on a mac® to an ssd, on rare occasions the new drive is not automatically set as the startup disk. read our guide to correct it. read more ssds in non-pcs and accessories users have reported ssd read and write speed increases seldom affect dvr performance, as regular hard drives are not a bottleneck to recording broadcast television. read more driver error occurs when installing windows® 7 from a usb drive f you receive a driver error when you are trying to install windows® 7 or older from a usb drive, double check whether that drive is plugged into a usb 3.0 port. read more how to transfer your data from a m.2 pcie ssd to m.2 pcie ssd if your system only has one m.2 socket you can do a direct clone to copy the information from your current pcie m.2 drive to a new crucial one. to accomplish this, you will need to purchase a usb to pcie m.2 adapter cable. read more what is the difference between the latest crucial ssds? at crucial, we offer different ssd models to match your needs, ranging from cost-effective ssds to our highest capacity cutting-edge version. read more what to know about common ssd specifications ssds have three form factors: 2.5-inch, msata, and m.2. the 2.5-inch form factor is used in many desktops and laptops. read more bios/uefi configuration for optimizing m.2 pcie® nvme® ssds when installing a new m.2 nvme® pcie® ssd, you may see some messaging that refers to configuring to increase speeds of nvme ssds, or enabling and disabling shared bandwidth of sata and nvme ports. read more macos® and app benefits with an ssd the videos show an ssd that has been installed in a macbook pro® system. the macbook pro has a major increase in speed with an ssd installed, compared to only having upgraded dram. read more acronis reboots computer without cloning when attempting to clone a drive using acronis true image for crucial® on some systems that have a uefi, it is possible for the software to be prevented from entering the correct environment to start the clone. read more cloned ssd has no sound if you have cloned your original hard drive onto a new ssd and everything works except for sound, there are some steps that you can take that may resolve the issue without having to re-clone using bootable rescue media. read more my ssd won’t detect in crucial storage executive there are some instances when crucial’s storage executive software will not detect a crucial ssd. let crucial walk you through the most common way to resolve this issue. read more clone almost finishes but then fails at end cloning with acronis true image is a fast, easy way to migrate copied data from one drive to another. however, there are some oem systems which prohibit the cloning action. read more unexpected error when enabling over-provisioning in storage executive if you receive an error message when attempting to enable over-provisioning with the storage executive® software, there are a couple of things to check to make sure your drive is ready for this feature to be enabled. read more dpc watchdog violation error if you are receiving a “dcp watchdog violation” error when using the crucial p1®, dont worry. the issue can be resolved by following the troubleshooting steps listed below. read more formatting a usb storage drive in windows to format a usb storage drive in windows, connect it via a usb port and follow the instructions in this article. read more formatting a usb storage drive in macos struggling to format a usb on mac? fear not, crucial is here with a step-by-step guide on formatting a usb on os. head to crucial now for more. read more usb storage drive not detected in windows is your usb not showing up in windows 10? fear not, there might be an easy fix - head to crucial to learn how to detect your storage drive. read more usb storage drive not detected or “device not correctly connected” message for macos if your usb storage drive is not being recognized by applications on your mac, you may be able to fix this by reformatting the drive and ensuring the scheme is set as master boot record (mbr). read more usb error in device manager if a usb mass storage device is under universal serial bus controllers but has a red or yellow error mark, follow the steps in this article. read more eject usb storage drive in windows when you are removing your usb storage drive from your computer, this procedure will help reduce the chance of corrupting your data. read more eject usb storage drive in macos to eject your usb storage drive properly, you can either click the eject icon next to the device name in finder or select the usb drive icon on the desktop and drag it to the trash. read more ssd is not detected by acronis true image for crucial you may receive an error "this product edition requires at least one crucial ssd be installed in your system". there are a few things to check which can resolve this behavior. read more how to use your crucial x8 portable ssd with xbox one how to increase storage on your xbox one with a crucial x8 portable ssd. read more how to use your crucial x8 portable ssd with your computer learn how to use your crucial x8 portable ssd with your pc or apple computer to store more photos, videos, music, and larger games. read more how to use your crucial x8 portable ssd with your ipad pro expand your ipad pro storage with a crucial x8 portable ssd. read more how to use your crucial x8 portable ssd with playstation 4 increase your storage and gameplay on playstation 4 with a crucial x8 portable ssd. read more i'm not getting the usb transfer rates i expected a few factors can contribute to lower than advertised usb performance from connected devices. read this article for solutions to several of these factors. read more the best reason to get a crucial ssd crucial ssds are designed and developed by micron, one of the largest nand manufacturers in the world. this means, when you purchase a crucial ssd, you are guaranteed reliability, innovation, expertise and customer support. read more save money and install your own ssd installing your own ssd is easy, affordable, and requires no technical skills. learn how easy it is to install your own ssd> read more pcie speeds and limitations for our lines of high-speed pcie® nvme® ssds, the crucial system scanner and crucial system advisor will list all m.2 pcie nvme ssds not only for recently released compatible systems, but also for older systems using earlier revisions of the pcie standard. read more about m.2 ssd screws read more basics of raid raid (redundant array of independent disks) configurations use multiple ssds or hard drives. read more video: store more games for your xbox one with crucial x8 and x6 portable ssds crucial video on how to store more games for your xbox one. crucial x6 and x8 portable solid state drives are the perfect complement to your xbox one gaming console. read more video: store more games for your playstation 4 with crucial x8 and x6 portable ssds crucial video on how to store more games for your playstation 4. crucial x6 and x8 portable solid state drives are the perfect complement to your playstation 4 gaming console. read more using ssds larger than 2tb crucial ssds larger than 2 terabytes (tb) can introduce errors if a customer has used a master boot record (mbr) partition structure exclusively in the past. read more why does my ssd seem to be wearing prematurely? since the advent of nand flash storage devices, flash wear-out has been an issue that receives significant attention. read more mining impact on crucial ssd warranty the warranty covers only defects arising under normal use. usage outside of normal intended use, shall include but not be limited to “mining”. read more × 10% discount on your next order! sign up today to receive your welcome offer. the memory and storage experts.™ legal terms of sale your privacy choices privacy note compliance sustainability customer service contact order status payment options shipping returns product registration warranty resources upgrades storage executive acronis data transfer firmware updates faqs crucial about us products awards press blog © 2023 micron technology, inc. all rights reserved