来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231145010/https://www.crucial.com/store/systemscanner
================================================================================

crucial system scanner | memory upgrade scanner | crucial | crucial.com free shipping!     |      shop our latest deals! search united states united states united kingdom france deutschland españa italia european union méxico brasil india 대한민국 中国 (亚洲) 台灣 日本 create account order status sign in account home address book saved payments order history product registration registered products saved scans sign out home shop ram crucial memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory new! crucial pro memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram crucial pro ram shop all memory new! crucial ddr5 pro 6,000mt/s shop now crucial memory ddr5 ram ddr4 ram crucial pro dram shop all memory shop by type desktop memory laptop memory server memory new! crucial pro memory shop ssds crucial ssds featured new! t500 gen4 pcie ssd pro series x10/x9 external ssds t700 gen5 pcie ssd mx500 sata ssd enterprise ssds accessories nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds gen5 ssds — welcome to the future of data storage learn more crucial ssds accessories shop all ssds nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds shop all ssds solutions solutions use cases you vs. time creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending content meet paris - crucial creative ambassador upgrade your ps5 how to disassemble and re-build a laptop pc view all articles solutions view all articles use cases you vs. time creative gaming small business academic insights memory storage technology business trending content view all articles support support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status support customer services contact order status shipping returns product registration tools & resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade advisor system scanner self help memory buying guide storage buying guide ram installation guide ssd installation guide ssd faqs memory faqs check the status of your order view or print your order status and invoice view your tracking number and check status view your serial number or activation code re-download your purchase update your credit card information check status check order status upgrade my computer my computer currently shopping for see compatible results clear current selection choose a different computer you do not have any other computers listed yet add new computer currently shopping for see compatible results clear current selection choose a different computer you do not have any other computers listed yet add new computer this is it.our most comprehensive system scanner yet! safely and easily scan your system to find compatible upgrades and analyze your system’s current memory and storage setup with the crucial system scanner. doesn’t install on your computer doesn’t access personal data 100% safe, secure, & guaranteed compatible start my free scan! not ready to scan, try our upgrade selector. how it works 01 start scan select the start my free scan button and agree to the terms and conditions in order to continue. 02 open file if prompted, choose to save file, then simply open the crucialscan.exe file. if a security warning appears, select run. 03 view results check out your compatible upgrades, recommendations, memory & storage analysis, performance score, and more! scan includes... system performance score compatible memory & storage upgrades upgrade recommendations for memory & storage analysis of your system’s current memory & storage all scanner results are dependent on the specific system being scanned and may not show all details, scores, recommendations, or analysis. view a sample scan results page view a sample scan results page ready? let’s do this! start my free scan! not ready to scan, try our upgrade selector not shopping for this computer? if you’re shopping for a computer other than the one you’re currently using, try our upgrade selector, this tool can help you find compatible upgrades for any system. try the upgrade selector why upgrade? improve your overall productivity and storage capability learn more boost performance to play the latest games or increase your frame rate learn more unlock your content creativity with the right memory performance learn more faqs is the crucial system scanner safe to use? the crucial system scanner is 100% safe to use. we don’t access any of your personal data and we won’t install anything on your computer, so using our scanner won’t compromise the security of your system. if you still have concerns, feel free to scan it with your system’s antivirus software, but we promise it’s 100% safe and secure! how do i remove the the scanner from my computer after completing the scan? in order to run the crucial system scanner on linux, you will need to use a windows emulator (software that allows your system behave like windows). alternatively, you can use our upgrade selector tool that can help you find compatible upgrades for any system. the crucial system scanner doesn’t install anything on your computer, so once you have completed a scan, simply delete the downloaded crucialscan.exe file to remove the scanner from your computer. how do i run the crucial system scanner if i’m using linux? in order to run the crucial system scanner on linux, you will need to use a windows emulator (software that allows your system behave like windows). alternatively, you can use our upgrade selector tool that can help you find compatible upgrades for any system. how do i run the crucial system scanner on a mac? the crucial system scanner only works on windows, but our upgrade selector tool helps you find guaranteed compatible upgrades for any system including mac. how do i find compatible upgrades if i’m shopping for a computer other than the one i’m currently using? if you’re shopping for a computer other than the one you’re currently using, try using our upgrade selector, this tool can help you find compatible upgrades for any system. × terms & conditions online system scanner software license agreement before downloading, installing, accessing or using the micron technology, inc. ("mti") system scanner software ("software") or clicking on "accept", please carefully read this on-line system scanner software license agreement ("agreement") which contains the terms and conditions under which you ("licensee") are acquiring a license to use the software. if licensee does not accept the terms and conditions of this agreement, please do not download, install, access or use the software, and do not click on "accept". if licensee downloads, installs, accesses or uses the software or clicks on "accept", licensee will be acquiring a license to use the software in object code form only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and licensee will be considered to have accepted and agreed to all the terms and conditions of this agreement. 1. license mti grants to licensee during the term of this agreement a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and restricted license to use internally the software strictly for the purposes of determining possible memory upgrades to licensee's personal computer. no resale, relicensing, export, re-export or other redistribution of the software in any way is permitted. licensee acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for the provision, maintenance and operation of all software (including without limitation all operating systems, web browsers, and network software), hardware, firmware, computer and telecommunications equipment and services, and all other third party products, materials and services necessary or useful for the proper download, installation, operation, access and/or use of the software, and for paying any and all fees, costs and expenses associated with any and all of the foregoing. 2. ownership all right, title and interest in and to the software, including without limitation all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and all other proprietary and intellectual property rights, shall at all times remain with mti (or its licensors). licensee acknowledges and agrees that no ownership interest in or to the software is transferred to licensee hereunder, and that the software is provided to licensee during the term of this agreement only and strictly on a license basis as provided for within this agreement. mti (or its licensors) reserves all rights not expressly granted. 3. permitted uses a) licensee may: download, install and use one (1) copy of the software on one (1) personal computer of licensee; and make one (1) additional copy of the software in machine readable format for backup purposes only. b) licensee is prohibited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from doing any of the following: sublicense, sublease, lease, sell, distribute, rent, permit concurrent use of or grant other rights in the software; provide use of the software in a computer service business, network, time sharing or interactive cable television arrangement; transfer or assign this agreement; or translate, copy, modify, adapt, alter, reverse engineer, create derivative works, decompile or disassemble any part of the software. 4. no warranties the software is provided "as is" and "as available" without any representations or warranties whatsoever. mti does not represent or warrant that the software will be error-free, bug-free, uninterrupted, timely, complete, accurate or secure. without limiting the foregoing, mti expressly disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, oral or written, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, and those arising from a course of dealing, usage, trade custom or practice. these disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. 5. limitation of liability the entire risk as to the download, installation, access, use, results and performance of the software is assumed by licensee. mti shall not be liable under any circumstances or any legal or equitable theory, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, for any lost revenue or profits, lost or damaged data or any other commercial or economic loss, or for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive or special damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the software or to this agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. these limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. nothing in this agreement shall restrict mti's liability in a manner which is expressly prohibited by applicable law. 6. term and termination this agreement is effective until terminated. licensee may terminate this agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the software. this agreement shall terminate immediately without notice from mti if licensee fails to comply with any provision of this agreement. upon termination, licensee must destroy all copies of the software. 7. u.s. government licensee any download, installation, access or use of the software for or on behalf of the united states of america, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("u.s. government"), is provided with restricted rights. use, duplication, or disclosure by the u.s. government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in technical data and computer software clause at dfars 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the commercial computer software - restricted rights at 48 cfr 52.227-19, as applicable. manufacturer is micron technology, inc., 8000 s. federal way, boise, idaho 83707-0006. 8. export restrictions the software and technical data delivered under this agreement are subject to u.s. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. licensee agrees to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledges that licensee has the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export, or import as may be required. 9. governing law this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of idaho and controlling u.s. federal law. no choice of law or conflict of law principles shall apply, and the 1980 united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, if applicable, is expressly excluded. licensee agrees that the state and federal courts located in idaho constitute a convenient forum for any litigation and licensee submits to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. this transaction is void wherever such transaction is prohibited. 10. general any provision of this agreement which is held to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be severed from this agreement and ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. this agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions and understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter herein. no modification of or amendment to this agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by mti. decline accept accept × 10% discount on your next order! sign up today to receive your welcome offer. the memory and storage experts.™ contact us legal terms of sale terms of use your privacy choices privacy notice compliance sustainability customer service contact order status payment options shipping returns product registration warranty resources upgrades storage executive acronis data transfer firmware updates faqs crucial about us products awards press blog © 2023 micron technology, inc. all rights reserved