来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503130149/https://www.crucial.com/products/ssd/portable-ssds
================================================================================

external ssds | portable storage | crucial.com innovative memory and storage solutions direct from micron for 45 years. home shop ram ram shop all memory shop by type laptop memory desktop memory server memory shop by technology ddr4 ram maximize your system’s potential ddr5 ram high-speed for multi-core cpus pro series high-performance right out of the box crucial pro overclocking faster gaming unlocked featured products crucial pro ddr5-6400 64gb kit (32gbx2) crucial pro ddr5-6400 64gb kit (32gbx2) explore more shop ssds ssds shop all storage shop by technology nvme ssds experience blazing-fast performance sata ssds reliable and affordable external ssds keep your important files safe enterprise ssds for servers and data centers featured products crucial t705 4tb pcie gen5 nvme m.2 ssd crucial x10 pro 4tb portable ssd explore more solutions solutions our solutions for professionals creatives gamers small businesses students memory solutions explore all memory desktop memory laptop memory server memory mac memory storage solutions explore all storage nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds top articles how to build your own pc what is a portable ssd? view all articles meet our ambassadors view all articles support support support center customer service product registration contact support check warranty self help memory installation guide storage installation guide memory articles storage articles articles & faq’s resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade tools top articles how to initialize your ssd for windows what are memory timings? view all articles view all articles upgrade computer upgrade computer upgrade my computer find a 100% compatible memory or storage upgrade with two great options! upgrade selector a guided selection to find your system select your computer select your computer system scanner a safe and easy way to find your compatible upgrades run scan run scan explore explore upgrade my computer find a compatible memory or storage upgrade upgrade selector a guided selection to find your system select your computer select your computer × terms & conditions online system scanner software license agreement before downloading, installing, accessing or using the micron technology, inc. ("mti") system scanner software ("software") or clicking on "accept", please carefully read this on-line system scanner software license agreement ("agreement") which contains the terms and conditions under which you ("licensee") are acquiring a license to use the software. if licensee does not accept the terms and conditions of this agreement, please do not download, install, access or use the software, and do not click on "accept". if licensee downloads, installs, accesses or uses the software or clicks on "accept", licensee will be acquiring a license to use the software in object code form only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and licensee will be considered to have accepted and agreed to all the terms and conditions of this agreement. 1. license mti grants to licensee during the term of this agreement a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and restricted license to use internally the software strictly for the purposes of determining possible memory upgrades to licensee's personal computer. no resale, relicensing, export, re-export or other redistribution of the software in any way is permitted. licensee acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for the provision, maintenance and operation of all software (including without limitation all operating systems, web browsers, and network software), hardware, firmware, computer and telecommunications equipment and services, and all other third party products, materials and services necessary or useful for the proper download, installation, operation, access and/or use of the software, and for paying any and all fees, costs and expenses associated with any and all of the foregoing. 2. ownership all right, title and interest in and to the software, including without limitation all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and all other proprietary and intellectual property rights, shall at all times remain with mti (or its licensors). licensee acknowledges and agrees that no ownership interest in or to the software is transferred to licensee hereunder, and that the software is provided to licensee during the term of this agreement only and strictly on a license basis as provided for within this agreement. mti (or its licensors) reserves all rights not expressly granted. 3. permitted uses a) licensee may: download, install and use one (1) copy of the software on one (1) personal computer of licensee; and make one (1) additional copy of the software in machine readable format for backup purposes only. b) licensee is prohibited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from doing any of the following: sublicense, sublease, lease, sell, distribute, rent, permit concurrent use of or grant other rights in the software; provide use of the software in a computer service business, network, time sharing or interactive cable television arrangement; transfer or assign this agreement; or translate, copy, modify, adapt, alter, reverse engineer, create derivative works, decompile or disassemble any part of the software. 4. no warranties the software is provided "as is" and "as available" without any representations or warranties whatsoever. mti does not represent or warrant that the software will be error-free, bug-free, uninterrupted, timely, complete, accurate or secure. without limiting the foregoing, mti expressly disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, oral or written, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, and those arising from a course of dealing, usage, trade custom or practice. these disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. 5. limitation of liability the entire risk as to the download, installation, access, use, results and performance of the software is assumed by licensee. mti shall not be liable under any circumstances or any legal or equitable theory, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, for any lost revenue or profits, lost or damaged data or any other commercial or economic loss, or for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive or special damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the software or to this agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. these limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. nothing in this agreement shall restrict mti's liability in a manner which is expressly prohibited by applicable law. 6. term and termination this agreement is effective until terminated. licensee may terminate this agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the software. this agreement shall terminate immediately without notice from mti if licensee fails to comply with any provision of this agreement. upon termination, licensee must destroy all copies of the software. 7. u.s. government licensee any download, installation, access or use of the software for or on behalf of the united states of america, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("u.s. government"), is provided with restricted rights. use, duplication, or disclosure by the u.s. government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in technical data and computer software clause at dfars 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the commercial computer software - restricted rights at 48 cfr 52.227-19, as applicable. manufacturer is micron technology, inc., 8000 s. federal way, boise, idaho 83707-0006. 8. export restrictions the software and technical data delivered under this agreement are subject to u.s. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. licensee agrees to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledges that licensee has the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export, or import as may be required. 9. governing law this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of idaho and controlling u.s. federal law. no choice of law or conflict of law principles shall apply, and the 1980 united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, if applicable, is expressly excluded. licensee agrees that the state and federal courts located in idaho constitute a convenient forum for any litigation and licensee submits to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. this transaction is void wherever such transaction is prohibited. 10. general any provision of this agreement which is held to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be severed from this agreement and ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. this agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions and understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter herein. no modification of or amendment to this agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by mti. decline accept accept my computer my computer currently shopping for see compatible products add new computer clear all still not sure? try our safe & secure scanner tool. run scan run scan explore explore × terms & conditions online system scanner software license agreement before downloading, installing, accessing or using the micron technology, inc. ("mti") system scanner software ("software") or clicking on "accept", please carefully read this on-line system scanner software license agreement ("agreement") which contains the terms and conditions under which you ("licensee") are acquiring a license to use the software. if licensee does not accept the terms and conditions of this agreement, please do not download, install, access or use the software, and do not click on "accept". if licensee downloads, installs, accesses or uses the software or clicks on "accept", licensee will be acquiring a license to use the software in object code form only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and licensee will be considered to have accepted and agreed to all the terms and conditions of this agreement. 1. license mti grants to licensee during the term of this agreement a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and restricted license to use internally the software strictly for the purposes of determining possible memory upgrades to licensee's personal computer. no resale, relicensing, export, re-export or other redistribution of the software in any way is permitted. licensee acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for the provision, maintenance and operation of all software (including without limitation all operating systems, web browsers, and network software), hardware, firmware, computer and telecommunications equipment and services, and all other third party products, materials and services necessary or useful for the proper download, installation, operation, access and/or use of the software, and for paying any and all fees, costs and expenses associated with any and all of the foregoing. 2. ownership all right, title and interest in and to the software, including without limitation all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and all other proprietary and intellectual property rights, shall at all times remain with mti (or its licensors). licensee acknowledges and agrees that no ownership interest in or to the software is transferred to licensee hereunder, and that the software is provided to licensee during the term of this agreement only and strictly on a license basis as provided for within this agreement. mti (or its licensors) reserves all rights not expressly granted. 3. permitted uses a) licensee may: download, install and use one (1) copy of the software on one (1) personal computer of licensee; and make one (1) additional copy of the software in machine readable format for backup purposes only. b) licensee is prohibited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from doing any of the following: sublicense, sublease, lease, sell, distribute, rent, permit concurrent use of or grant other rights in the software; provide use of the software in a computer service business, network, time sharing or interactive cable television arrangement; transfer or assign this agreement; or translate, copy, modify, adapt, alter, reverse engineer, create derivative works, decompile or disassemble any part of the software. 4. no warranties the software is provided "as is" and "as available" without any representations or warranties whatsoever. mti does not represent or warrant that the software will be error-free, bug-free, uninterrupted, timely, complete, accurate or secure. without limiting the foregoing, mti expressly disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, oral or written, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, and those arising from a course of dealing, usage, trade custom or practice. these disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. 5. limitation of liability the entire risk as to the download, installation, access, use, results and performance of the software is assumed by licensee. mti shall not be liable under any circumstances or any legal or equitable theory, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, for any lost revenue or profits, lost or damaged data or any other commercial or economic loss, or for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive or special damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the software or to this agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. these limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. nothing in this agreement shall restrict mti's liability in a manner which is expressly prohibited by applicable law. 6. term and termination this agreement is effective until terminated. licensee may terminate this agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the software. this agreement shall terminate immediately without notice from mti if licensee fails to comply with any provision of this agreement. upon termination, licensee must destroy all copies of the software. 7. u.s. government licensee any download, installation, access or use of the software for or on behalf of the united states of america, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("u.s. government"), is provided with restricted rights. use, duplication, or disclosure by the u.s. government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in technical data and computer software clause at dfars 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the commercial computer software - restricted rights at 48 cfr 52.227-19, as applicable. manufacturer is micron technology, inc., 8000 s. federal way, boise, idaho 83707-0006. 8. export restrictions the software and technical data delivered under this agreement are subject to u.s. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. licensee agrees to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledges that licensee has the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export, or import as may be required. 9. governing law this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of idaho and controlling u.s. federal law. no choice of law or conflict of law principles shall apply, and the 1980 united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, if applicable, is expressly excluded. licensee agrees that the state and federal courts located in idaho constitute a convenient forum for any litigation and licensee submits to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. this transaction is void wherever such transaction is prohibited. 10. general any provision of this agreement which is held to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be severed from this agreement and ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. this agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions and understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter herein. no modification of or amendment to this agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by mti. decline accept accept united states usa united states united kingdom france deutschland españa italia european union méxico brasil india 대한민국 中国 (亚洲) 台灣 日本 crucial external ssds test your limits. explore more. crucial x10 pro shop now best for: blazing-fast sustained storage for video and more starting at up to 2,100mb/s 1tb to 4tb capacities size: 65 x 50 mm drop-proof3 up to 2 meters crucial x9 pro shop now best for: fast sustained storage for photos and more starting at up to 1,050mb/s 1tb to 4tb capacities size: 65 x 50 mm drop-proof3 up to 2 meters x9 pro for mac shop now best for: fast plug-and-play storage designed for mac starting at up to 1,050mb/s 1tb to 4tb capacities size: 65 x 50 mm works with mac, ipad, iphone 15 pro/max ships in apfs crucial x9 ssd shop now best for: durable storage for files, games, backups and more starting at up to 1,050mb/s 1tb to 4tb capacities size: 65 x 50 mm drop-proof3 up to 2 meters crucial x6 ssd shop now best for: affordable storage for files, games, backups and more starting at up to 800mb/s 500gb to 4tb capacities size: 69 x 64 mm drop-proof3 up to 2 meters usb-a adapter available separately keep more of what you love with crucial ssds never leave your favorite files, movies, games, photos or backups behind again. crucial external ssds give you up to 4tb of extra storage with blazing speeds up to 2,100mb/s. so, whether you’re downloading videos for off-line travel, organizing family photos, collaborating with classmates, or heading off on your next great adventure, our external ssds are ready to go wherever you do. shop all external ssds keep more memories safeguard photos and videos for peace of mind crucial’s external ssds have enough room to backup and protect up to 20,000 photos, 100 hours of video, 6,000 songs, or 400gb of documents with room to spare3. the durable crucial external ssds are shock, vibration, and extreme temperature resistant, and have been tested to withstand a drop up to 7.5 feet (2.2 meters)1. keep more movies on the go hours of entertainment and no internet required with an external ssd no wi-fi? no problem. with the crucial's external storage, you can fit over 100 hours of your favorite movies and entertainment in your pocket. our light-weight external ssd drives weigh less than your car keys. connect your drive to a tablet or laptop and enjoy hours of entertainment. keep more games skip the wait, external ssds get you in the game faster ditch old, bulky hard drives for a crucial external ssd and you can play your games straight from the drive. when your console needs more room for the latest titles, crucial’s external ssds helps you expand your library without deleting your old favorites. with speeds up to 2.100mb/s4 and capacities up to 4tb, crucial external ssds have speed, space, and style to spare. keep more drafts, even the rough ones create and edit straight from the drive are you a graphic designer or into editing photos and videos? or maybe you have a passion for scrapbooking and illustration. crucial external ssds enable you to create, edit, and share your best shots and clips in real-time straight from the drive. not only that, it’s fast with blazing speeds up to 2,100mb/s. with up to 4tb of storage for your mac or pc, there’s plenty of space to create without limitations. external ssd faqs what is an external ssd? an external ssd (solid state drive) is a portable storage device that uses flash memory to store data. external ssds are also known as portable ssds and offer fast data transfer speeds and durability, making them ideal for tasks requiring quick access to files. external ssds are often used for backups, media storage, and running applications on-the-go. for more information, read our article: what is a portable ssd? is an external ssd right for me? an external ssd is ideal for anyone in need of fast and portable storage for tasks like video editing, gaming, or running software. an external ssd offers speed and durability make it suitable for professionals, gamers, and users who frequently transfer large files. however, if you're looking for more speed an nvme may be best for you. alternatively, sata ssds are considered to be the best for general use where speed is less critical, balancing performance with affordability and compatibility. for more information on how to choose the right external ssd, read our article on choosing an external ssd for a laptop. what are the advantages of using an external ssd over a traditional hard drive? external ssds offer faster data transfer speed, increased durability due to no moving parts, and general better performance for tasks like booting up systems or running applications.  there are advantages and disadvantages to each type of drive, and deciding on which type is right for you comes down to how you use your computer. our guide to hdd vs. ssd shows you how each type of storage drive works and what it means for you. how do i know what capacity of external ssd i need? consider your storage needs, including the size of files you'll be working with and how much space your system requires. for photos, at an average file size of 5mb, a 1tb ssd holds about 200,000 images. for video, an hour of 4k footage could take up anywhere from 42gb to over 740gb. our most popular capacities for external ssds are the 2tb and 4tb. how do i know if this product is compatible with my computer? not sure if our products are right for your computer? try our system scanner or upgrade selector. additional resources what is a portable ssd? november 25, 2024 crucial breaks down everything you need to know about external ssds – how they work, what they're used for, and how to get the fastest speeds out of yours. read more best external ssds for photographers april 08, 2025 ditch that old hard drive and upgrade to a new portable ssd! discover the best ssds for photography, photo editing, and storing photos. read more how to choose the best external ssd for gaming may 05, 2025 investing in an external ssd for gaming can hugely optimize your experience. find the best external ssd to suit your needs for pc, xbox and ps5, at crucial. read more up to 6.5ft/2 m for the crucial x6, and up to 7.5ft/2.2 m for the crucial x8 without impact to data on drive on a carpeted floor. mb/s speed measured as maximum sequential performance of device as measured by crucial on a high-performance desktop computer with crystal disk mark (version 6.0.2 for x64). your performance may vary. comparative speed claims measured as maximum sequential performance of similarly situated portable ssds, mainstream portable hdds and mainstream usb flash drives from vertically-integrated manufacturers selling under their own brands as of june 2019. based on average photo size of 6mb, video at 4k/60fps in h246 format at 24gb/hr, and average music file at 4mb each. sequential read speed of 1050mb/s specific to crucial’s portable x8 drive. × sign up today and join our newsletter. stay in the know with crucial and our latest products! email address* something went wrong. please try again after some time! submit thank you for signing up! contact us united states legal terms of sale terms of use your privacy choices privacy notice compliance sustainability customer service contact returns product registration warranty status payment options resources upgrades storage executive acronis data transfer firmware updates customer service faqs crucial about us press articles united states © 2025 micron technology, inc. all rights reserved crucial youtube crucial facebook crucial twitter crucial instagram added to cart qty: continue shopping view cart we're sorry, but there is not enough quantity in stock to complete this order