来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503130149/https://www.crucial.com/products/memory/laptop-dram
================================================================================

crucial laptop ram & memory for computers | crucial.com innovative memory and storage solutions direct from micron for 45 years. home shop ram ram shop all memory shop by type laptop memory desktop memory server memory shop by technology ddr4 ram maximize your system’s potential ddr5 ram high-speed for multi-core cpus pro series high-performance right out of the box crucial pro overclocking faster gaming unlocked featured products crucial pro ddr5-6400 64gb kit (32gbx2) crucial pro ddr5-6400 64gb kit (32gbx2) explore more shop ssds ssds shop all storage shop by technology nvme ssds experience blazing-fast performance sata ssds reliable and affordable external ssds keep your important files safe enterprise ssds for servers and data centers accessories crucial accessories that have you covered featured products crucial t705 4tb pcie gen5 nvme m.2 ssd crucial x10 pro 4tb portable ssd explore more solutions solutions our solutions for professionals creatives gamers small businesses students memory solutions explore all memory desktop memory laptop memory server memory mac memory storage solutions explore all storage nvme ssds sata ssds external ssds top articles how to build your own pc what is a portable ssd? view all articles meet our ambassadors view all articles support support support center customer service product registration contact support check warranty self help memory installation guide storage installation guide memory articles storage articles articles & faq’s resources firmware updates acronis data transfer storage executive upgrade tools top articles how to initialize your ssd for windows what are memory timings? view all articles view all articles upgrade computer upgrade computer upgrade my computer find a 100% compatible memory or storage upgrade with two great options! upgrade selector a guided selection to find your system select your computer select your computer system scanner a safe and easy way to find your compatible upgrades run scan run scan explore explore upgrade my computer find a compatible memory or storage upgrade upgrade selector a guided selection to find your system select your computer select your computer × terms & conditions online system scanner software license agreement before downloading, installing, accessing or using the micron technology, inc. ("mti") system scanner software ("software") or clicking on "accept", please carefully read this on-line system scanner software license agreement ("agreement") which contains the terms and conditions under which you ("licensee") are acquiring a license to use the software. if licensee does not accept the terms and conditions of this agreement, please do not download, install, access or use the software, and do not click on "accept". if licensee downloads, installs, accesses or uses the software or clicks on "accept", licensee will be acquiring a license to use the software in object code form only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and licensee will be considered to have accepted and agreed to all the terms and conditions of this agreement. 1. license mti grants to licensee during the term of this agreement a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and restricted license to use internally the software strictly for the purposes of determining possible memory upgrades to licensee's personal computer. no resale, relicensing, export, re-export or other redistribution of the software in any way is permitted. licensee acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for the provision, maintenance and operation of all software (including without limitation all operating systems, web browsers, and network software), hardware, firmware, computer and telecommunications equipment and services, and all other third party products, materials and services necessary or useful for the proper download, installation, operation, access and/or use of the software, and for paying any and all fees, costs and expenses associated with any and all of the foregoing. 2. ownership all right, title and interest in and to the software, including without limitation all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and all other proprietary and intellectual property rights, shall at all times remain with mti (or its licensors). licensee acknowledges and agrees that no ownership interest in or to the software is transferred to licensee hereunder, and that the software is provided to licensee during the term of this agreement only and strictly on a license basis as provided for within this agreement. mti (or its licensors) reserves all rights not expressly granted. 3. permitted uses a) licensee may: download, install and use one (1) copy of the software on one (1) personal computer of licensee; and make one (1) additional copy of the software in machine readable format for backup purposes only. b) licensee is prohibited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from doing any of the following: sublicense, sublease, lease, sell, distribute, rent, permit concurrent use of or grant other rights in the software; provide use of the software in a computer service business, network, time sharing or interactive cable television arrangement; transfer or assign this agreement; or translate, copy, modify, adapt, alter, reverse engineer, create derivative works, decompile or disassemble any part of the software. 4. no warranties the software is provided "as is" and "as available" without any representations or warranties whatsoever. mti does not represent or warrant that the software will be error-free, bug-free, uninterrupted, timely, complete, accurate or secure. without limiting the foregoing, mti expressly disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, oral or written, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, and those arising from a course of dealing, usage, trade custom or practice. these disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. 5. limitation of liability the entire risk as to the download, installation, access, use, results and performance of the software is assumed by licensee. mti shall not be liable under any circumstances or any legal or equitable theory, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, for any lost revenue or profits, lost or damaged data or any other commercial or economic loss, or for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive or special damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the software or to this agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. these limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. nothing in this agreement shall restrict mti's liability in a manner which is expressly prohibited by applicable law. 6. term and termination this agreement is effective until terminated. licensee may terminate this agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the software. this agreement shall terminate immediately without notice from mti if licensee fails to comply with any provision of this agreement. upon termination, licensee must destroy all copies of the software. 7. u.s. government licensee any download, installation, access or use of the software for or on behalf of the united states of america, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("u.s. government"), is provided with restricted rights. use, duplication, or disclosure by the u.s. government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in technical data and computer software clause at dfars 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the commercial computer software - restricted rights at 48 cfr 52.227-19, as applicable. manufacturer is micron technology, inc., 8000 s. federal way, boise, idaho 83707-0006. 8. export restrictions the software and technical data delivered under this agreement are subject to u.s. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. licensee agrees to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledges that licensee has the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export, or import as may be required. 9. governing law this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of idaho and controlling u.s. federal law. no choice of law or conflict of law principles shall apply, and the 1980 united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, if applicable, is expressly excluded. licensee agrees that the state and federal courts located in idaho constitute a convenient forum for any litigation and licensee submits to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. this transaction is void wherever such transaction is prohibited. 10. general any provision of this agreement which is held to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be severed from this agreement and ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. this agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions and understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter herein. no modification of or amendment to this agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by mti. decline accept accept my computer my computer currently shopping for see compatible products add new computer clear all still not sure? try our safe & secure scanner tool. run scan run scan explore explore × terms & conditions online system scanner software license agreement before downloading, installing, accessing or using the micron technology, inc. ("mti") system scanner software ("software") or clicking on "accept", please carefully read this on-line system scanner software license agreement ("agreement") which contains the terms and conditions under which you ("licensee") are acquiring a license to use the software. if licensee does not accept the terms and conditions of this agreement, please do not download, install, access or use the software, and do not click on "accept". if licensee downloads, installs, accesses or uses the software or clicks on "accept", licensee will be acquiring a license to use the software in object code form only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and licensee will be considered to have accepted and agreed to all the terms and conditions of this agreement. 1. license mti grants to licensee during the term of this agreement a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and restricted license to use internally the software strictly for the purposes of determining possible memory upgrades to licensee's personal computer. no resale, relicensing, export, re-export or other redistribution of the software in any way is permitted. licensee acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for the provision, maintenance and operation of all software (including without limitation all operating systems, web browsers, and network software), hardware, firmware, computer and telecommunications equipment and services, and all other third party products, materials and services necessary or useful for the proper download, installation, operation, access and/or use of the software, and for paying any and all fees, costs and expenses associated with any and all of the foregoing. 2. ownership all right, title and interest in and to the software, including without limitation all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and all other proprietary and intellectual property rights, shall at all times remain with mti (or its licensors). licensee acknowledges and agrees that no ownership interest in or to the software is transferred to licensee hereunder, and that the software is provided to licensee during the term of this agreement only and strictly on a license basis as provided for within this agreement. mti (or its licensors) reserves all rights not expressly granted. 3. permitted uses a) licensee may: download, install and use one (1) copy of the software on one (1) personal computer of licensee; and make one (1) additional copy of the software in machine readable format for backup purposes only. b) licensee is prohibited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from doing any of the following: sublicense, sublease, lease, sell, distribute, rent, permit concurrent use of or grant other rights in the software; provide use of the software in a computer service business, network, time sharing or interactive cable television arrangement; transfer or assign this agreement; or translate, copy, modify, adapt, alter, reverse engineer, create derivative works, decompile or disassemble any part of the software. 4. no warranties the software is provided "as is" and "as available" without any representations or warranties whatsoever. mti does not represent or warrant that the software will be error-free, bug-free, uninterrupted, timely, complete, accurate or secure. without limiting the foregoing, mti expressly disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, oral or written, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, and those arising from a course of dealing, usage, trade custom or practice. these disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. 5. limitation of liability the entire risk as to the download, installation, access, use, results and performance of the software is assumed by licensee. mti shall not be liable under any circumstances or any legal or equitable theory, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, for any lost revenue or profits, lost or damaged data or any other commercial or economic loss, or for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive or special damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the software or to this agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. these limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. nothing in this agreement shall restrict mti's liability in a manner which is expressly prohibited by applicable law. 6. term and termination this agreement is effective until terminated. licensee may terminate this agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the software. this agreement shall terminate immediately without notice from mti if licensee fails to comply with any provision of this agreement. upon termination, licensee must destroy all copies of the software. 7. u.s. government licensee any download, installation, access or use of the software for or on behalf of the united states of america, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("u.s. government"), is provided with restricted rights. use, duplication, or disclosure by the u.s. government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in technical data and computer software clause at dfars 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the commercial computer software - restricted rights at 48 cfr 52.227-19, as applicable. manufacturer is micron technology, inc., 8000 s. federal way, boise, idaho 83707-0006. 8. export restrictions the software and technical data delivered under this agreement are subject to u.s. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. licensee agrees to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledges that licensee has the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export, or import as may be required. 9. governing law this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of idaho and controlling u.s. federal law. no choice of law or conflict of law principles shall apply, and the 1980 united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, if applicable, is expressly excluded. licensee agrees that the state and federal courts located in idaho constitute a convenient forum for any litigation and licensee submits to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. this transaction is void wherever such transaction is prohibited. 10. general any provision of this agreement which is held to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be severed from this agreement and ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. this agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions and understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter herein. no modification of or amendment to this agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by mti. decline accept accept united states usa united states united kingdom france deutschland españa italia european union méxico brasil india 대한민국 中国 (亚洲) 台灣 日本 crucial laptop memory boost your laptop speed in minutes with crucial ram upgrades for laptops need help finding a compatible upgrade for your laptop? scan my laptop look up my laptop scan includes... system performance score compatible memory & storage upgrades upgrade recommendations for memory & storage analysis of your system’s current memory & storage all scanner results are dependent on the specific system being scanned and may not show all details, scores, recommendations, or analysis. view a sample scan results page view a sample scan results page ready? let’s do this! start my free scan! not ready to scan, or using a mac? try our upgrade selector select your laptop product and model information can be found on your laptop or in your system settings. enter manufacturer: enter product line: enter model: find my laptop ddr4 laptop memory best for:  affordably boosting your system for smoother performance show me all ddr4 laptop upgrades ddr5 laptop memory best for:  less lag time and faster refresh rates, downloads, and multitasking show me all ddr5 laptop upgrades lpcamm2 laptop memory best for: low-latency, upgradeable memory in certain laptops learn more about lpcamm2 the fast, easy way to improve your laptop’s performance there’s an easy cure for a slow computer: more memory. designed to help your system run faster and smoother, crucial® laptop memory is one of the easiest and most affordable ways to improve your system’s performance. load programs faster. increase responsiveness. run data-intensive applications with ease, and increase your laptop’s multitasking capabilities. speeds to 6,400 mt/s in new csodimm form factor. shop all memory make everything on your computer faster multitask with ease easy to install maximize the value of your system speeds ddr4: 2,400 - 3,200mt/s ddr5: 4,800 - 6,400mt/s voltage ddr4: 1.2v ddr5: 1.1v technology ddr4, ddr5 densities ddr4: 4 - 32gb ddr5: 8 - 32gb kits also available warranty1 limited lifetime form factor sodimm csodimm lpcamm2 make everything on your computer faster memory is a component in your computer that allows for short-term data access. since your system’s moment-to-moment operations rely on short-term data access – loading applications, browsing the web or editing a spreadsheet – the speed and amount of memory in your system plays a critical role. load apps in seconds by increasing the speed of your memory and installing more of it. multitask with ease if you’re like us, you use your computer to do a lot of things at once. you might be editing a document, while also looking at pictures and browsing the internet. this naturally leads to a performance problem: every app you’re running requires memory and competes for a limited pool of resources. overcome this by installing high-density modules in each memory slot for seamless multitasking. install with ease – no computer skills required with just a screwdriver, your owner’s manual, and a few minutes of time, you can install memory – no computer skills necessary. just watch one of our three-minute install videos, and we’ll walk you step-by-step through the process. don’t pay a computer shop to do something you can do in minutes! maximize the value of your system at a fraction of the cost of a new system, a memory upgrade is one of the most affordable ways to increase performance. get more out of your laptop by giving it the resources it needs to perform. micron® quality – a higher level of reliability as a brand of micron, one of the largest memory manufacturers in the world, crucial desktop memory is the standard for reliable performance. from the original sdram technology all the way to ddr5, we’ve engineered the memory technologies that have powered the world’s computers for 40 years and counting. when you choose crucial memory, you’re choosing memory that’s backed by a limited lifetime warranty and designed for the world’s leading systems.1 don’t settle for anything less. × sign up today and join our newsletter. stay in the know with crucial and our latest products! email address* something went wrong. please try again after some time! submit thank you for signing up! contact us united states legal terms of sale terms of use your privacy choices privacy notice compliance sustainability customer service contact returns product registration warranty status payment options resources upgrades storage executive acronis data transfer firmware updates customer service faqs crucial about us awards press articles united states © 2025 micron technology, inc. all rights reserved crucial youtube crucial facebook crucial twitter crucial instagram added to cart qty: continue shopping view cart we're sorry, but there is not enough quantity in stock to complete this order