来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223123307/http://www.allergybuyersclub.com/air-purifiers.html
================================================================================

air purifiers & air purifier information want expert help? toll free: 1-888-236-7231 view cart | checkout air purifiers bedding dehumidifiers filters humidifiers steam cleaners vacuum cleaners water filters all categories air purifiers by use allergy air purifiers asthma air purifiers chemical voc air purifiers smoke air purifiers pet allergy air purifiers whole house air purifiers small & portable air purifiers virus air purifiers mcs air purifiers mold air purifiers baby nursery air purifiers quiet air purifiers energy efficient air purifiers commercial air purifiers filters & accessories replacement filters comparisons compare air purifiers air purifier brands airfree airgle airpura a.i.r. corp. alen allerair amaircare austin air blueair cx coway dr. caboodle electrolux germ guardian hamilton beach humanscale iqair oransi tiger whirlpool winix reviews air purifier reviews sale new items gift ideas why buy from us? learning our brands email offers i need relief from... select allergies asthma bed bugs chemicals dust mites humidity mold & mildew pet dander pollen sinuses air purifiers air purifiers are essential to maintaining an allergen-free healthy home but how to choose one that really works? our picky testing team does hands on testing and approves only the best performing air purifiers. we even tell you all the flaws before you buy. we are incredibly selective on the air purifier brands we carry but the most highly recommended would be iqair, airgle, airpura, blueair and austin air for hepa air purifiers and airfree for filter-free sterilizers. call 1-888-236-7231 to speak with one of our product consultants for assistance with choosing the best air purifier for your needs. available 8 am to 11 pm, 7 days a week est. for all air purifier models are also available. allergy air purifiers asthma air purifiers mold air purifiers air purifier replacement filters quiet bedroom air purifiers chemical voc air purifiers smoke air purifiers air purifiers on sale pet air purifiers small/portable air purifiers virus/pathogen air purifiers whole house/central air purifiers commercial air purifiers energy efficient air purifiers baby/nursery air purifiers mcs air purifiers how to choose an air purifier sizing your room and the right size air purifier. the size of the room is a significant factor when choosing an air purifier because in order to properly clean the air in a room, you will need to exchange the air in the room several times each hour. the more efficient an air purifier is, the less air changes that will be needed to clean and maintain the air quality. optimally, we recommend a range of 4 to 6 air exchanges an hour with 2 air exchanges only being acceptable with the most efficient of the hepa air purifiers, which can clean effectively in one pass. when cleaning the air for gases, odors, and chemicals it is better to run the air purifier at lower speeds so the gas molecules will have more contact time with the activated carbon. this means that it is best to buy an air purifier that is rated for a larger sized room, so you can run it effectively on lower speeds which has the added benefit of being quieter. air purifier features you should know about efficiency level of your air purifier; there is a great deal of variation in the efficiency of air purifiers on the market and their resulting numerical efficiency is the number given to the percentage of particulates which are trapped in a filter on one single air exchange. more is better and our best air purifiers trap particulates in one pass at well over 90%.the best air purifiers continue to perform at high efficiency until a filter change is required. the importance of a pre-filter for your air purifier; the pre-filter is a very important feature of an air purifier and quite frankly it is one in which most manufacturers cut corners. a pre-filter will extend the life of the main hepa filter by trapping larger particulates and also extends the life of a gas filter if the air purifier contains a gas filter. the iqair has pre-filters second to none with airpura or allerair being the runners up. filter change indicator lights; we find a filter change indicator light to be extremely helpful in reminding one of the optimal time to change a filter especially as the machine is more accurate than the user's judgment call. it also helps to not changing the filter too late, which is sub optimal for health, or too early which comes hard on your pocketbook. ease of changing filters; the best air purifiers are those requiring no tools to replace the filters. we prefer units where you simply pop out a door, pull the filter to be replaced out and replace it with the new filter. the filters of some air purifiers are tedious and difficult to change causing the average person to delay changing them beyond their optimal change dates. the easiest air purifiers to change filters on are the blueair, winix, and alen air purifiers. the iqair filters are quite easy too when you have done it once. weight and mobility of your air purifier; most but not all room air purifiers are on casters, so you will be able to push them from room to room. however, you may have needs for a pick up and go type of air purifier whether to travel or for your cubicle at work. we have several small and lightweight air purifiers which fulfill those criteria. air purifiers, ozone emissions and outgassing; any ozone emission, which is a toxic substance, is not desirable regardless of whether the person has allergies, asthma, or multiple chemical sensitivities. however, the effects are usually worse for these people because ozone is an irritant to the respiratory system. we test for ozone and no air purifier that we sell emits ozone. upkeep costs for an air purifier; this is another factor which is often overlooked by the potential purchaser of an air purifier. more expensive air purifiers are often the least expensive to maintain and will save you money over the life of the machine. the warranty and reliability of air purifiers; the best warranties are those offering five years or more on the main fan and motor parts. a reliable air purifier should have no problems with the motor, fan, and electrical components and controls during that time. the rest of the air purifier consists of the filters, which need periodically cleaning or replacement. our top ten air purifier manufacturers - why we like them we have rank ordered our air purifier manufacturers for you in order of our overall preference. we offer a more detailed analysis on the manufacturers' brand pages but we have given you a birdseye view below. please understand that all these manufacturers produce air purifiers that made the cut when we tested them, while a great deal more products were sent back to the manufacturer. iqair air purifiers a king amongst princes, and try as they may, while other air purifier manufacturers may nip at their heels here and there, in the end iqair reigns supreme. put simply, this manufacturer has done everything right, and when we want to recommend the best air purifier for someone with serious allergy and asthma problems, it is to iqair that we turn to first. when we tested these air purifiers, virtually nothing escaped their hyperhepa filter. this is very important as lung penetrating particles are smaller than even a regular hepa filter can capture. packed with superior technological features such as a huge capacity pre-filter, filter change indicator lights, a hepa filter efficiency rating second to none and six fan-speed settings. iqair air purifiers are as good as it gets. no expense has been spared in the manufacturing of this air purifier and it shows; you get what you pay for. blueair air purifiers a long time favorite with both us and our customers and for good reason. they combine ionizer, electrostatic, carbon and hepa type filter technologies which result in a very high filtration effectiveness and with no external ozone. they gain very high marks from us for their ability to deliver large amounts of purified air, as certified by aham. also quietly does it, making them a top choice for a bedroom air purifier. their filter changes are exceptionally easy and with recent upgrades to include filter life monitoring and pre-filters, this manufacturer is still managing to keep pace and ahead of most other air purifier manufacturers. airpura air purifiers this manufacturer has shot up the charts in our air purifier favorites category. they have done almost everything perfectly, only falling down in our opinion with difficult filter changes [use a screwdriver and turn the machine upside down] and lack filter change monitoring. otherwise, airpura has learned from the mistakes of others and does a first class job at producing air purifiers which are carefully tailored to a variety of special needs, and all for a very fair price. each of their three filters is of excellent quality and what is unique is the air purifier units are modular and can be refigured if your application needs change at a later date. airfree air purifiers this is the only air purifier manufacturer that is not based around a hepa or hepa like filter. in fact, their models have no filters at all, relying instead on a unique patented technology for the sterilization and incineration of allergens. thus there is no maintenance costs associated with any airfree model, and we have had excellent experience with their reliability. since airfree purifiers rely on natural air flow in a room because they do not have a fan, we see a single unit as better for a small room. they are also a manufacturer that backs up their claims with serious verifiable research. however, we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal and you will not find that household dust is reduced - but your allergies will subside. austin air air purifiers are extremely popular with our customers. they offer no nonsense, no frills approach to air purification but they put their money into what really counts. very good gas and odor filtration and the air filtration effectiveness is above average. we still do not like that austin air combined their gas and hepa filters as these filters degrade at a different pace than each other. like allerair and airpura their filters are difficult to change requiring a screwdriver and turning the machine upside down. but none the less, for our customers with serious allergy problems they are high up on our air purifier manufacturer list. allerair air purifiers despite some delivery problems last year, allerair air purifiers still come high up on our list because their filtration efficiency, the fact that they have three substantial filters [pre, hepa and gas], cover a lot of ground when needed. some of their air purifier models are multiple chemical sensitivity friendly in their design. their hepa filter is of excellent quality. unfortunately, their effective basic design comes at a price since their filters are tougher to change than average and they lack some of the bells and whistles of some of their competitors. alen air purifiers alen has been gaining ground very fast with our customers and for good reason. they have wisely positioned themselves as providing a good air purifier for the everyman. they ave neat designs, above average filtration effectiveness, quiet operation, very easy filter changes, low energy consumption and a lifetime warranty. we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal. but for an all purpose air purifier at a moderate price they are well worth a look. winix air purifiers a relatively new manufacturer for us, but one which we find impressive. winix air purifiers are well made with a pleasing space saving design, easy filter changes, offer some nice auto monitoring features, are quiet and energy star compliant. best of all they offer above average performance in air filtration. these are well worth a looking at since the price is a knock out for what is being offered. we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal. humanscale air purifiers this is a new air purifier manufacturer for us, but the company behind it has been around for a long time. while this company only offers one air purifier, its personal zone air purifier offers a near perfect clean air bubble around your breathing zone, which we think has tremendous applications in both bedrooms and for your desk at work. we would not recommend their air purifier for serious gas and odor removal. whirlpool air purifiers we feature a subset of whirlpool air purifiers and cherry picked the best ones for you. what we like about the ones we selected is that these air purifiers offer excellent filtration efficiency and sizable room coverage at a very affordable price. we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal. learn more about air purifiers articles: top 10 air purifiers for 2011 everything you need to know about air purifiers but were afraid to ask do air purifiers really work? product comparisons: compare air purifiers product listings: air purifier reviews customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations about us about boston green goods press media contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates join us on facebook follow us on twitter join our email list for exclusive sales & specials sign up for our catalog worry free shopping click here forbbb business review shop our other stores visit our blogs allergyconsumerreview green musings healthyhomecenter ©1998-2012 allergybuyersclub.com - a division of boston green goods inc. all rights reserved. information presented at allergybuyersclub.com is developed by the allergybuyersclub staff+ and is for educational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment. use of this online service is subject to the disclaimer and the terms and conditions. *free shipping on all orders over $150 for the 48 contiguous states. excludes some heavyweight items as noted on specific product pages. 100% secure online transactions verified by authorize.net     find us on google+