来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223123307/http://www.allergybuyersclub.com/aboutus.html
================================================================================

about allergybuyersclub.com – why buy from us? want expert help? toll free: 1-888-236-7231 view cart | checkout air purifiers allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale pet small/ portables virus/ pathogen whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs bedding dust mite covers bed bug covers pillows comforters mattress pads sheets pillowcases blankets duvet covers sleep sacks baby mattresses dehumidifiers basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial energy star whole house flood restoration indoor pool small & portable dessicant filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters humidifiers ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house replacement filters steam cleaners home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment vacuum cleaners all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless handheld wet dry fireplace sticks water filters countertop under sink pitchers shower filters water ionizers whole house nsf certified chlorine fluoride test kits all categories air conditioners air purifiers asthma products bath bed bug covers bedding carpet cleaners cleaning supplies clothing dehumidifiers dental health dust mite covers emf shields fans filters furniture furnace filters health & beauty home décor humidifiers mattresses natural lighting nutritional supplements pet allergy control saunas sinus care steam cleaners steam mops test kits uv sanitization vacuum cleaners water filters sale new items gift ideas why buy from us? learning our brands email offers i need relief from... select allergies asthma bed bugs chemicals dust mites humidity mold & mildew pet dander pollen sinuses about allergybuyersclub.com who we are internet retailer top 500 vendor mcafee top tier high security secure transactions honest ratings & reviews fast delivery - most ship same day free shipping on orders over $150 low price match policy no hassle, easy returns privacy protection lifetime expert product support your order status is available online at all times store hours order cancellations freight charges customer service faq terms and conditions who we are since 1998, we have been an authorized online retailer by numerous manufacturers for all of the healthy home products we sell and a trusted source for honest product reviews and ratings. the company is also a top rated member of the better business bureau. internet retailer top 500 vendor boston green goods, inc. is currently featured on the internet retailer top 500 websites and has received several awards including a stevie award for best woman owned small business in the usa, and was nominated as one of the best places to work by the boston business journal. mcafee top tier high security the security of all our websites is verified daily by mcafee® secure and thawte security certificates are used to safeguard your transactional information using encryption. additionally, your credit card transactions are made secure by authorize.net®. secure transactions we have gone to great lengths to make sure your shopping experience on all of our web sites is both secure and safe. our web sites are certified daily by mcafee® secure, and we safeguard all transactions using state-of-the-art encryption through authorize.net® and using thawte security certificates. honest ratings & reviews we pride ourselves on providing you with candidly honest product reviews so that you are fully aware of what we believe are the product's strengths and weaknesses. no nasty surprises and we provide technical follow-up support on everything we sell. our trained product experts are available 8am - 11pm est. fast delivery - most ship same day most in-stock products are shipped same or next day from our warehouse. some heavier products are drop shipped from the manufacturer and may take another couple of days to ship. custom ordered products take longer, as noted on product pages. free shipping on orders over $150 ground shipping costs on all other orders within the contiguous u.s.*: up to $29.99...................... $7.99 $30.00 - $59.99................. $9.99 $60.00 - $89.99................. $11.99 $90.00 - $119.99 ...............$13.99 $120.00 - $149.99............. $15.99 $150.00 and up ................ free! *please note: free shipping is for ground shipping. please contact us for a quote for more expedited shipping options. excludes all heavy weight items such as furniture and appliances as noted on their respective ordering pages. for locations outside the 48 contiguous united states, such as alaska, hawaii and canada, please call the toll free number 1-888-236-7231 or complete our online form for a shipping quote. although the online form represents allergybuyersclub.com, you may use it to request shipping quotes for any products in any of our online stores. canadian residents: you may have additional import/country taxes applied to your orders. we advise that you contact your local authorities for information. when ordering a mattresses and/or boxspring weighing over 250 lbs. to be delivered above the 3rd floor of a building without an elevator, we will have to charge a fee of $50 per each additional flight of stairs above the 3rd floor. low price match policy we are committed not only to provide our customers with the best products but also to make sure we are providing you with the best value possible through the best pricing. if you find the identical product published at a lower price and in stock on another site from an authorized dealer, we try our best to match the price and if we do the price match we will add a complimentary $25 gift card from restaurant.com. if matched, we will automatically refund you the difference, with sufficient proof of the lower price, within 30 days of purchase. what could be fairer than that? here is all you need to do: place the order on any of our web sites at our current published prices. email us within 24 hours that you are requesting a price match, including a link to the site where you saw the lower price. we will review the price match request and if it is granted we will refund you the difference, and issue a restaurant.com gift card for $25. or within 30 days: print out the lower priced item for a competitors web site and a copy of your receipt and send it to the following address, and we will cheerfully refund you the difference. boston green goods attn: accounting 45 braintree hill office park suite 300 braintree, ma 02184 also not to be mean about it, please note the following conditions: the product in question needs to be identical in model number etc. products must be in stock both at our sites and the competitors web site.the refund must be more than $1 and will take into account all applicable shipping costs. we reserve the right to refuse a match if it is in violation of manufacturer's map pricing policies. products shown at auction sites such as ebay are exempted. products must be shown on an authorized dealer's web site. price matches cannot be combined with other offers and promotional coupon codes including offers of promotional expedited shipping. also excluded are items being purchased for resale, companies outside the usa, clearance or open box items. we reserve the right to not match a price in certain extreme cases. no hassle, easy returns we offer a 30-day return policy. if your product is defective within 30 days of purchase, we will replace it as soon as possible and happily pay all shipping costs to and from your location. if you change your mind and wish to return your purchase, we will be happy to accept your return. certain products are not returnable, including opened bedding, used apparel and custom ordered products. it is against the law to resell opened bedding; therefore, it cannot be returned. we will credit your purchase, less shipping and handling (including promotional shipping costs - orders over $150 receive free shipping only if you keep the product). returns made within 30 days of receipt will not be charged a restocking fee. all other returns may be assessed a restocking fee of 15%. all returns must be in like new condition, in original packaging, with instructions and accessories; items returned in less than new condition may be subject to additional restocking fees. returning products is easy, simply follow these instructions: simply go to our contact us form, click on the icon for the store from which you purchased (column on the right), and select the 'returns, exchanges and refunds' contact reason to request a return authorization number, and we will promptly contact you with this number. no returns will be accepted without our return authorization number. we will also provide you with the appropriate address where to ship your return. once we have received your package we will inspect the contents. if the product is in satisfactory condition, we will refund the appropriate amount to the credit card you used for your original purchase. all items are returnable with these exceptions: royal pedic mattresses and box springs offer a 14 day trial period. returns must be shipped back in original packaging and box. exchange only for air conditioners, furnace filters (standard sizes), and particle counters (iq air). replacement filters and pads (amaircaire, iqair, allerair, blueair, hamilton beach , austin air, hunter, tiger, envirosept), vacuum filters (electrolux, sebo, miele, dirttamer), replacement water filters (rainshower, clean water, new wave, sprite, rio vita), rugs & rug grippers, respirators, custom-sized furnace filters. crib mattresses, adjustable beds, organic mattresses, and organic mattress pads. all custom-ordered bedding products: (kumi kookoon, sdh, indika, euphoria, cotton fresh, eiderdown/siberian, purist, ygle, and legna seville lines of bedding; guardian, boair, vermont furniture). all opened bedding products (i.e. pillows, pillow cases, comforters, sheets, encasings). furniture (pacific rim, vermont furniture, royal pedic: 14 day trial only on some products). nasal irrigators and sinus care products which have been opened and used. privacy protection contact information the customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary and for delivering the product. we use your e-mail address when we are confirming your order or notifying you of the status of your order. we may send you an email about a special offer or promotion but you may opt-out at any time. we also have put in place privacy protection control systems designed to ensure that your personal data including your billing and account information remain safe and private. we do not sell or rent personal customer information with other companies but occasionally may use your demographic and profile data for marketing purposes. if you prefer that we do not use this marketing data, please contact us with your request. navigational history/cookies we use aggregated information from demographic surveys and traffic patterns to customize our site. state-of-the-art comparison technology allows us to use this information to make recommendations based on previous traffic patterns and purchases. bgg does use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf and may collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site and your interaction with our products. no personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. in addition, bgg uses cookies on its web site to help provide our visitors with a better experience on our sites. a cookie is a small piece of information that web sites use to remember information about users. bgg uses two types of cookies to recognize web visitors and remember shopping list items: (1) transient cookies provide continuity from page to page and store information such as your shopping list to simplify checkout but not personally identifying information; (2) persistent cookies identify members after their first visit and remain on the hard drive of a pc to allow a user to enter our site without having to log in on every visit. you can disable your cookies at any time through your browser options. email mailing list for those of you who opted in to join our email program of any of our web sites, we do not make any of our email lists available to other companies. we send out emails a few times a month that promote special offers, sales items or new products that we feel may be of interest to our subscribers. we also periodically send out a newsletter that provides product reviews and information for a healthy home. there is an "opt out" website link at the top and bottom of each email that you can fill out if you decide that you do not want to receive any further emails from our web sites. order security all online transactions in our store are handled with industry-standard secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption. when you enter your credit card number and personal information into the order form, it is transmitted across the internet in an encrypted (scrambled) form, then decoded when it gets to us. this provides a secure online shopping environment for you, our valued customer. you may also call in an order by dialing our toll free numbers listed on each specific web site (7 days a week 8am-11pm eastern time). payment methods/shopping guarantee allergybuyersclub.com, greenandmore.com, sleepbuyersclub.com and pain-relief.com all accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express credit cards as well as paypal for online payment of merchandise and will accept checks from recognized organizations (contact us for details). we guarantee that every online transaction you make will be 100% safe. this means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at our online store. under the fair credit billing act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. if your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, we will only cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. we will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made while using the secure server. in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. your comments sometimes our customers are inspired to tell us about a product that they purchased from us that they really thought made a difference in their lives. we encourage this, as we love to hear from you, and your comments help us improve our service and product offerings. we occasionally share comments we receive via our website; rest assured, we do not publish any last names or specific address information that may identify you. we also take note of any problems that you may have encountered with a product or service and either get the problem fixed if possible or remove the product from our offerings. we will remove products from our store if the workmanship or quality is less than what we want to offer our customers. other site links this site contains links to other sites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. lifetime expert product support we are an authorized online retailer for all of our products and comply with all manufacturer's pricing and business policies. we are also a member of better business bureau. honest ratings and reviews we test, review and rate all products on our web sites so that you are fully aware of what we believe are a product's strengths and weaknesses. no nasty surprises and we provide technical follow-up support on everything we sell. your order status is available online at all times use our order status link for up-to-date order status information 24 hours per day! it's quick and easy. just go to myinfo.allergybuyersclub.com and use the e-mail address you entered when you placed your order along with your billing zipcode as your password. customer service faq q. how will i know when my item(s) have been shipped? a. the quickest way to get order status for products purchased from allergybuyersclub.com, greenandmore.com, sleepbuyersclub.com and pain-relief.com is to go to myinfo.allergybuyersclub.com and follow the instructions. this site has up to date status information and is available 24/7. as we receive shipping information about your item(s) we will email it to you. this will include any known delays in the shipment of the item due to a backorder. if the status is "shipped", we will e-mail you a tracking number with a link which you can click on to see where the package is in transit. alternatively, you can go to the ups or fedex web sites to see where the package is in transit. please enter your tracking number in the box provided and select the track button on the screen. if you place an order over the phone or via fax we will notify you when the item has shipped or is due to ship if it is not in stock. q. whom do i contact if i need assistance? a. you have a few options. you can call, fax, email, or write with your questions. call us toll-free at 1-888-236-7231 at the hours below: customer service: monday - friday from 9am to 6pm est and saturday - sunday from 9am to 1pm est sales: monday - friday from 8am to 10pm est and saturday - sunday from 9am to 10pm est after hours you can leave us a message and we will return your call. you can contact us by completing this online form. you can fax us at: 781-843-2163. corporate mailing address: boston green goods, inc. 45 braintree hill office park suite 300 braintree, ma 02184 q. what type of products do we sell and what is the warranty on these items? a. we only sell new items in our online web stores with full manufacturer's warranties as stated on our product pages. q. how safe is my order information when i place an order online? a. we guarantee that every online transaction you make will be 100% safe. this means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at our online store. under the fair credit billing act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. if your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, we will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. we will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made while using the secure server. in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. you can read our privacy policy to be assured that we will not give away, trade or sell any of your contact or secured order information. q. what are my options for placing an order? a. you can place a secure order online yourself, use our fax form or call in an order (mon-fri 8am-11pm est). we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express credit cards as well as paypal. we do accept checks from recognized non-profit organizations - call us for details about this. q. what is our return policy? a. please see our return policy page. q. what are our shipping charges/methods? a. we provide free shipping for all orders totaling over $150 shipped within the contiguous u.s. (except for heavyweight items such as furniture or appliances that are noted on their respective ordering page). for shipping locations outside the 48 continental united states, we will have to quote additional shipping charges for you when we receive the order or ahead of time if you call customer service or email us with your shipping questions. shipping costs for the continental u.s. order totals under $150 are as follows: ground shipping costs on all other orders: up to $29.99...................... $7.99 $30.00 - $59.99................. $9.99 $60.00 - $89.99................. $11.99 $90.00 - $119.99 ...............$13.99 $120.00 - $149.99............. $15.99 $150.00 and up ................ free! if we are aware of a potential delay in shipping for an item due to seasonal demand, we will indicate the known shipping delay time on the product page or indicate "contact us for availability" above the product price. most of our items will ship within one or two business days. note: if you need mattresses and/or boxsprings weighing over 250 lbs. to be delivered above the 3rd floor of a building without an elevator, we will have to charge a fee of $50 per each additional flight of stairs above the 3rd floor. in addition, we will have to quote shipping costs for furniture. the cost depends upon the weight of the item and where it is being shipped to. q. will i have to pay sales tax on my order? a. we are required to collect sales tax on orders shipping to massachusetts since this our business location. q. how do i cancel or change my order? a. as long as your order has not yet been shipped, the order will be cancelled per your request with no additional charge to you. if you were charged for the product, your credit card will be credited. you will receive an email confirmation upon our cancellation of the order. if the item has been shipped, you will have to refer to our return policy. to cancel or change an order please complete our online form. q. do i have to be a member of the allergybuyersclub or sleepbuyersclub to order products? a. no, there is no club membership in order to order products from any of our web stores. just place your order online, via fax or over the phone. if you do sign up for our emails, you will receive periodic emails from us on special offers, new products and a newsletter that provides helpful information on having a healthy home. we do not sell or rent your email information. q. how will i know if an item i ordered is out of stock or on backorder? a. we make every effort to get your order to you as soon as possible. in-stock items are generally shipped within 24 to 48 hours. if there is a problem with your order or we discover the item is backordered, you will receive an email stating more details. for order status please complete our online form. store hours our online stores are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. our sales staff is available from 8am until 10pm mon-fri est, and sat-sun from 9am to 10pm. customer service specialists are available from 8am until 6pm est monday through friday and from 9am to 1pm est saturday and sunday. call us toll free at 1-888-236-7231 and choose either the sales or customer service option order cancellations if you have placed an order and would like to cancel it for any reason, please contact us immediately by calling the toll free number on the web site you ordered from and requesting customer service. or click here to fill out our contact us form, click on the icon for the store from which you purchased (column on the right), and select "cancel my order" as the contact reason. we will do everything we can to stop your order from shipping, however we cannot guarantee this. if we cannot stop your order from shipping, you will be responsible for all shipping and handling charges both shipping to you and return shipping back to us. freight charges some heavy weight items do not ship for free and incur a fixed freight charge. those heavy weight items are indicated on specific product pages. the stated freight charge will be added to the item's cost in the shopping cart. terms and conditions the information contained on the boston green goods, inc. (bgg) web sites of allergybuyersclub.com (abc), greenandmore.com (gam), sleepbuyersclub.com (sbc) and pain-relief.com (pr) is intended to provide broad consumer understanding and knowledge of allergy relief, green living, sleep improvement and pain relief products for the home. the information is compiled from a variety of sources ("information providers") but should not be considered complete and should not be used in place of a visit, call, consultation, or advice of your physician or other health care provider. bgg does not recommend the self-management of health problems, nor does it promote or recommend any particular form of medical treatment. people using information accessed through the bgg websites should also research original sources of authority. information obtained by using the abc, gam, sbc and pr web sites is not exhaustive and does not cover all medical treatments. bgg makes no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness, or completeness of the information on its web sites. bgg and other sponsors or "information providers" of the abc, gam, sbc or pr web sites cannot and do not warrant against human and machine errors, omissions, delays, interruptions, or losses, including loss of data. should you have any health care-related questions, please call or see your physician or other health care provider promptly. you should never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this site. information accessed through these online web sites is provided "as is" and without warranty, express or implied. all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular use or purpose are hereby excluded. bgg or other "information providers" cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading this online site will be free of infection, or viruses worms, trojan horses, or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. neither bgg or its webs sites or other "information providers" shall be responsible for information provided herein under any theory of liability or indemnity. liability of bgg or other "information providers", if any, for damages (including without limitation, liability arising out of contract, negligence, strict liability, tort or patent of copyright infringement) shall not exceed the fees paid by the user for the particular information or service provided. in no event shall bgg and its web sites or other "information providers" be liable for any damages other than the amount referred to above, and all other damages, direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive, are hereby excluded even if bgg or other "information providers" have been advised of the possibility of such damages. allergybuyersclub.com (abc), greenandmore.com (gam), sleepbuyersclub.com (sbc) and pain-relief.com (pr) web sites are online information and communications services provided by bgg or their sponsors subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below, including all exhibits hereto and the other information which is available in the registration process and on the online service and incorporated by reference in this agreement. this agreement consists of the terms and conditions set forth below, including all exhibits hereto and the information. please read this agreement carefully before accessing or using the online service, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. if you are not willing to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use the service. boston green goods may modify this agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediatedly upon either posting, of the modified agreement or notifying you. you agree to review the agreement periodically to be aware of such modifications and your continued access or use of the services shall be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the modified agreement. 1. software license. by this agreement, bgg grants to you, subject to the terms of this agreement, a non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use any software and documentation of the abc, gam, sbc and pr web sites, together with all updates, enhancements, modifications, and fixes thereto, which are owned by bgg and/or their licensors. 2. equipment. you must provide, at your own cost, all telephone and other equipment and services (including where necessary, telephone service and internet access service) necessary to access the service. 3. operating policies. you agree to comply with the operating policies set forth in exhibit a which are the rules that govern user activity in connection with the service as they may be amended by bgg from time to time. bgg may remove any communications and materials that are posted or associated with the abc, gam, sbc and pr web sites and/or believes in its sole discretion to violate the operating policies, however bgg does not guarantee that it will remove any or all of such material. violations of the operating policies or other provisions of this agreement may also result in termination or suspension of the service. 4. copyright, licenses, and idea submissions. the entire contents of the service are copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws. bgg holds the copyright in the collective work. the collective work includes work which are the property of bgg licensors which are also protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. you may display and download portions of the material from the different areas of the service solely for your own non-commercial use. any redistribution, retransmission, or publication of any material is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the copyright owner. you agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the service. 5. you agree to grant to bgg and its web sites non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license, with the rights to sublicense, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicity display and publicity perform any materials and other information (including, with out limitation, ideas contained therein for new or improved products or services) you submit to public areas of the service (such as faq) by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed. you agree that you shall have no recourse against bgg and its web sites for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communication to us. 6. review. bgg does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted or uploaded to its web sites; and is not responsible for the content of these communications and materials. however, bgg reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to bgg at its sole discreation. any messages, advice, opinions, or other information contained in any discussion area should not be construed as professional advice or instruction. 7. indemnification. you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless bgg and its web sites, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, and "service providers" from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the online service using your service account. 8. third party rights. the provisions of paragraphs 5 (use of online service) and 6 (indemnification) are for the benefit of bgg and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, and "service providers". each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce those provisions directly against you on its own behalf. 9. term; termination. this agreement shall commence upon accessing any of bgg web sites including abc, gam, sbc and pr and/or completing the registration process. this agreement may be terminated by bgg without notice at any time for any reason and may be terminated by you upon notice to bgg at any time for any reason. the provisions of paragraphs 4 (copyright, license, and idea submission), 5 (use of online service), 6 (review), 7 (indemnification) and 9 (termination), 10 (miscellaneous) and 11 (service marks) shall survive any termination of this agreement. 10. miscellaneous. this agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts. you agree that any legal action or proceeding between boston green goods or its web sites and you for any purpose concerning this agreement or the parties' obligations hereunder shall be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction sitting in massachusetts. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the online service must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. bgg's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this agreement. bgg or its web sites may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. 11. service marks. allergy buyers club is a service mark of allergybuyersclub.com. green and more is a service mark of greenandmore.com. the sleep buyers club is a service mark of sleepbuyersclub.com. pain relief is a service mark of pain-relief.com. other trademarks and service marks appearing on the service may be owned by other parties including third parties not affiliated with boston green goods and its web sites. customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations about us about boston green goods press media contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates join us on facebook follow us on twitter join our email list for exclusive sales & specials sign up for our catalog worry free shopping click here forbbb business review shop our other stores visit our blogs allergyconsumerreview green musings healthyhomecenter ©1998-2012 allergybuyersclub.com - a division of boston green goods inc. all rights reserved. information presented at allergybuyersclub.com is developed by the allergybuyersclub staff+ and is for educational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment. use of this online service is subject to the disclaimer and the terms and conditions. *free shipping on all orders over $150 for the 48 contiguous states. excludes some heavyweight items as noted on specific product pages. 100% secure online transactions verified by authorize.net     find us on google+