来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231230121/https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/air-purifiers.html
================================================================================

air purifiers & air purifier info - allergybuyersclub click item to remove compare clear all want expert help? or extended financing | toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm est, saturday 11am-5pm est. my account 0 my cart want expert help? or extended financing my account my cart free shipping and price match guarantee* shopping cart your cart is currently empty. my account view cart search air purifiers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale pet allergies small/ portables virus/ pathogen whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide humidifiers all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale dehumidifiers all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories filters all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters vacuum cleaners all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless handheld wet dry sticks robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale bedding all bedding best selling dust mite covers bed bug covers pillows comforters cooling bedding mattress pads sheets pillowcases blankets duvet covers sleep sacks baby mattresses buying guide on sale steamers all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale all other all categories aromatherapy bath cleaning supplies furniture health & beauty cooling mattresses sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide sale all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale steam cleaners on sale sale new items gift ideas why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands request catalog email offers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale pet allergies small/ portables virus/ pathogen whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide shop the quietpure whisper the exclusive blueair allergyguard plus all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale shop the powerpure 5000 the simplemist - only $55.20 all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories the pure & dry whisper - 50-pint the pure & dry whisper - 70-pint all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters the quietpure compact replacement filter the quietpure whisper bedroom filter all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless handheld wet dry sticks robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale the veridian deepclean pet vacuum the veridian x410 smart vacuum all bedding best selling bed bug covers pillows comforters cooling bedding mattress pads sheets pillowcases blankets duvet covers sleep sacks baby mattresses buying guide on sale stay cool with hotel plush sheets hotel plush hypoallergenic pillows all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale us steam white tail us600 shop our best selling steamers all categories aromatherapy bath cleaning supplies furniture health & beauty cooling mattresses sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide purest pour water for $35.99 apollo 2000 infrared space heater all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale top bedding on sale top vacuum cleaners on sale save 20% off sitewide for members with code: club20 | 15% off sitewide with code: club15 (*see exclusions below) 20% off sitewide for members with code: club20 | 15% off sitewide with code: club15 (*see exclusions below) home air purifiers × ⚠  error a maximum of three products are allowed for comparision ok air purifiers air purifiers help ensure the air we breathe into our bodies is as pure and clean as possible. clean air is just as important as the things we eat. air purifiers that ensure better air quality, undoubtedly ranks as among the major factors in our health, making air purification our top priority. with the knowledge from our experienced air purifier staff, our hands-on testing and training, and the feedback from our neighbors, friends and clients like you, we have personally selected each of our air purifiers to best protect you and your family’s health so you can breathe easily. our newest high performance brand is the quietpure home air purifier known for it's ultra quiet, highly effective air purification. for top of the line air purification, we recommend either blueair pro offering the best cadr ratings available or iqair healthpro air purifiers known for their efficiently sealed, air tight filtration. see special offers on our best selling air purifiers want expert help? call our air purifiers hotline toll-free: 1-888-236-7231 low price match guarantee best selling air purifiers air purifiers for smoke air purifiers on sale allergy air purifiers asthma air purifiers baby nursery air purifiers central whole house air purifiers chemical voc air purifiers commercial air purifiers energy efficient air purifiers hepa air purifiers mcs air purifiers mold air purifiers pet air purifiers quiet bedroom air purifiers small & portable air purifiers virus control air purifiers air purifiers & air purifier info right sizing air purifier and space room size is a significant factor when choosing an air filter in order to properly clean the air in a room, you will need to exchange the air in the room several times each hour. we recommend 5 air exchanges an hour with 2 air exchanges can be considered a minimum all depending on room size. consider that many will be loud on their highest setting, buying one rated for a larger room will allow you to run it effectively on lower speeds and have the added benefit of quieter operation. air purifier filtration efficiency:  there is a lot of variability in the efficiency and resulting numerical efficiency is the number given to the percentage of particulates trapped in a filter in one single air exchange. more is better and our best trap particulates in one pass at well over 90%. these purifiers continue to perform at high efficiency until a filter change is required. air purifier air flow:  clean air delivery rate cadr. cadr is reported in cubic feet per minute cfm of 100% particle free air is produced, the higher the number the faster the air purifier will clean the air. look for the aham verifide mark to see if your purifier has certified clean air delivery rate, cadr. filtration volume efficiency is important because if you are not passing air through the filter efficiently it will not help or work properly. cadr is the combination of high filtration efficiency and high airflow. air purifier filter change indicator lights:  indicator lights are extremely helpful in knowing the optimal time to change a filter especially as the machine is usually more accurate. it also helps to not changing the filter too late, which is not ideal for health, or too early which can cost money. easy filter change:  the best air purifiers are simply the ones requiring no tools to replace filters. the best units allow you to simply pop out a door, pullout the filter and replace it with the new one. the location and design of some purifier's filters make them difficult to change making most people delay changing them beyond the change dates. some of our easiest to change filters, on are the quitepure, powerpure, and blueair. iqair air filters are easy to change after you've done it a couple of times, but can be difficult the first time. air purifier weight and mobility:  most but not all have casters, so you will be able to push them from room to room. however, you may have needs easy to move model whether for travel or work. we have several small and lightweight air filters which fulfill those criteria. air purifiers, ozone emissions and outgassing;  any ozone emission, which is a toxic substance, is not desirable regardless of whether the person has allergies, asthma, or multiple chemical sensitivities. however, the effects are usually worse for these people because ozone is an irritant to the respiratory system. upkeep costs for an air purifier;  this is another factor which is often overlooked by the potential purchaser. many of the most expensive are often less expensive to maintain, saving you money over the life of the machine. the warranty and reliability:  the best air purifier warranties are those offering five years or more on the main fan and motor parts. a reliable model should have no problems with the motor, fan, and electrical components and controls during that time. the rest of the unit consists of the filters, which need periodically cleaning or replacement. our best air purifier brands here is an overview of the best air purifier brands. please understand that all these brands produce machines that made the cut when we tested them, while a great deal more products were sent back. airfree air purifiers  this is the only air purity brand that is not based around a hepa or hepa like filter. in fact, their models have no filters, relying instead on a patented technology for air sterilization and allergen incineration. thus there is no maintenance costs associated with any airfree model, and we have had excellent experience with their reliability. since airfree air sterilizers rely on natural air flow in a room because they do not have a fan, we see a single unit as better for a small room. they are also a manufacturer that backs up their claims with serious verifiable research. however, we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal and you will not find that household dust is reduced - but your allergies will subside. airgle air purifiers   are a line of air purifiers that have wowed us with their top notch performance, ultra quiet operation and sophisticated, modern design. the attention to detail and quality components that go into an airgle immediately gained our respect; and along with outstanding testing results, earned them our respect. each airgle is aham certified and energy star qualified. airpura air purifiers  this manufacturer has shot up the charts in our air purifier favorites category. they have done almost everything perfectly, only falling down in our opinion with difficult filter changes [use a screwdriver and turn the machine upside down] and lack filter change monitoring. otherwise, airpura has learned from the mistakes of others and does a first class job at producing air purifiers which are carefully tailored to a variety of special needs, and all for a very fair price. each of their three filters is of excellent quality and what is unique is their units are modular and can be refigured if your application needs change at a later date. alen air purifiers  alen is wisely positioned as providing a good air purifier for the everyone. they have neat designs, above average filtration effectiveness, quiet operation, very easy filter changes, low energy consumption and a lifetime warranty. we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal. but overall they are an all-purpose air purifier at a moderate price. austin air  air purifiers are extremely popular with our customers. they offer no nonsense, no frills approach to air purification but they put their money into what really counts. very good gas and odor filtration and the air filtration effectiveness is above average. we still do not like that austin air combined their gas and hepa filters as these filters degrade at a different pace than each other. like airpura their filters are difficult to change requiring a screwdriver and turning the machine upside down. but none the less, for our customers with serious allergy problems they are high up on our air purifier manufacturer list. blueair air purifiers  a longtime favorite with both us and our customers and for very good reasons. blueair’s patented hepasilent® technology combine electrostatic, carbon and hepa type filter technologies which result in a very high filtration effectiveness with no ozone. they gain highest marks from us for their ability to deliver large amounts of purified air, with the industry’s highest cadr as certified by aham. also quietly, making them a top choice for a bedrooms. blueair offers flexibility beyond any other manufacturer with an array of platforms that cater to different room sizes, choose if you want advanced integrated sensors and electronic interface, or go with their simple and rugged mechanical turning knob designs, filter options allow for focus on particles or combination of particles and gasses and odors. all their products are made in powder coated galvanized steel which is a testament to their quality. their filter changes are exceptionally easy and with recent upgrades to include filter life monitoring and pre-filters, this manufacturer is still managing to keep pace and ahead of most other air purifier manufacturers. iqair air purifiers are the best air purifiers, when we recommend the best for someone with serious allergy and asthma problems, we often turn to iqair. they offer the highest possible filtration efficiency and when we tested these virtually nothing escaped their hyperhepa filter. packed with fantastic features such as a huge capacity pre-filter, filter change indicator lights, a hepa filter efficiency rating second to none and six fan-speed settings. no expense has been spared in the manufacturing of this air purifier, produced in switzerland from non-off gassing abs materials that are uv stabilized and high impact resistant each product is tested at the factory for filtration efficiency and air delivery. iqair has great options for gas and odor removal. winix air purifiers  winix models are well made with a pleasing space saving design, easy filter changes, offer some nice auto monitoring features, are quiet and energy star compliant. best of all they offer above average performance in air filtration. these are well worth a looking at since the price is a knock out for what is being offered. we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal. air purifiers best selling air purifiers air purifiers for smoke air purifiers on sale allergy air purifiers asthma air purifiers baby nursery air purifiers central whole house air purifiers chemical voc air purifiers commercial air purifiers energy efficient air purifiers hepa air purifiers mcs air purifiers mold air purifiers pet air purifiers quiet bedroom air purifiers small & portable air purifiers virus control air purifiers clear selections category winner (0) our exclusive products (0) filters & accessories replacement filters brands aerus airfree airmega airpura alen amaircare austin air blueair coway germ guardian iqair lifeair powerpure quietpure rowenta the pure company stadler form winix sale new items gift ideas pet allergy solutions dorm room essentials why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands request catalog email offers i need relief from... select spring allergies allergies asthma bed bugs chemicals dust mites humidity mold & mildew pet dander pollen sinuses customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend sign up for email offers & news: sign up sign up for our catalog toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-9pm sa/su 10am-10pm et ©2019 allergy buyers group llc. all rights reserved. use of allergybuyersclub.com is subject to our terms of service *from time to time, allergybuyersclub offers price matching guarantees, sitewidediscounts and/or free ground shipping to the contiguous 48 states. we do not ship to any of the 5 us territories. any available offers will be applied to your order in your shopping cart (savings code may need to be entered). airfree, airpura, alorair, austin air, blueair, danby, dyson, ebac, friedrich, frigidaire, iqair, ladybug, lifeair, miele, quietpure home, quietpure home+, royal-pedic, sebo, us steam white tail, venta, whitewing and special bundle offers are excluded from online promo codes in sitewide banner and our price match guarantee. other product exclusions or details may apply. see our shipping and delivery charges; low price match guarantee and site wide discounts; returns and cancellation or contact us via chat or 888-236-7231 for other details. 