来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231215714/https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/learning/humidifier-buyers-guide.html
================================================================================

humidifier buying guide | learning center | allergy buyers club final hours for your sitewide discounts! 0 days 0 hours 00 minutes 00 seconds want expert help? or extended financing | toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. my account my cart want expert help? or extended financing my account my cart free shipping on orders over $35 and price match guarantee* my account view cart search search go air purifiers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide filters all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters dehumidifiers all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories humidifiers all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale vacuum cleaners all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless handheld wet dry sticks robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale steamers all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale water filters best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house bedding all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets all other all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide sale all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale steam cleaners on sale sale new items gift ideas why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands request catalog email offers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide shop the quietpure whisper filterqueen defender all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale shop the powerpure 5000 simplemist with aromatherapy best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified replacement filters shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house purest pour water for $44.99 dws drinking water system with faucet for $85.00 all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories pure & dry 30 pint dehum pure & dry 50 pint with pump all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters the quietpure compact replacement filter the quietpure whisper bedroom filter all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless/stick wet dry robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale the veridian deepclean pet vacuum the veridian x410 smart vacuum all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets stay cool with hotel plush sheets hotel plush hypoallergenic pillows all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale us steam white tail us600 shop our best selling steamers all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide tpc allergy oil set apollo 2000 infrared space heater all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale top bedding on sale top vacuum cleaners on sale free shipping on orders over $35** save 25% off sitewide with code: spooky25 (*see exclusions below) 25% off sitewide with code: spooky25 (*see exclusions below) humidifiers learning center learning center humidifier buyers guide humidifier buyers guide do i need a humidifier? you should use a humidifier if you suffer from sinus problems, stuffy nose or nose bleeds especially for those in the northern areas of the country during winter. you also need a humidifier in a very dry climate area (like arizona) especially if dry air in your home is causing damage to furniture or other possessions such as cracking and warping how do humidifiers work? types of humidifiers ultrasonic: most ultrasonic humidifiers use a metal diaphragm vibrating at an ultrasonic frequency to a continuous mist that is dispersed into the room to help maintain the desired humidity level. an ultrasonic humidifier is virtually silent when operating, and mist output is immediate. air washers: discs rotate in a water chamber inside the air washer. this process both humidifies and cleanses the air passing over the discs. large dust particles are captured in the water chamber. the process is not dissimilar to the allergen clearance in the air after a good rain fall. the humidification of the air uses the self-regulating principle of cold evaporation. evaporative: evaporative cool mist humidifiers are fairly simple. a container is filled with water and a fan directs the water to pass over a wick so it will evaporate naturally into the air. these type of humidifiers are often used for a large area well over 1000 square feet and require their wick to be changed on a regular basis selecting a humidifier you need to choose a humidifier which is large enough to humidify the space required, bearing in mind manufacturers consistently exaggerate room coverage, so buy larger capacity model than you think you need, especially if you have high ceilings over 8 ft. then decide which features are most important to you, whether it is quiet operation, ease of fill and cleaning, or cost of yearly maintenance. these are the main drivers in people’s decision making, but there are additional factors below to consider. an ultrasonic humidifier is the most popular humidifier in the us and especially in the northeast. they have the quietest operation of any kind of humidifier and most ultrasonic models offer both a warm and cool mist option. neither a warm mist or cool mist is more effective in humidifying a room, it is purely preference with warm being slightly warm to the touch and cool mist being about room temperature. an air washer is marginally more expensive at the outset but makes up for it with little or no annual maintenance costs and its longevity could easily reach ten years. air washers have the added benefit of the air being purified, at least from larger dust particles suspended in the air. you would also likely choose an air washer if you are in warmer climates or have hard water. air washers undoubtedly cover much greater space than any other type of humidifier and in a modest sized apartment can be set in the living room and cover all rooms. evaporative humidifiers are clearly a good choice for your money if you are humidifying a large room or open space in your home. they is no risk of them producing white dust but you will need to change the wick on a regular basis. how to use a humidifier we recommend keeping a humidifier running constantly if you have a large area to cover in order to keep the space at the desired humidity. if your goal is to humidify a bedroom, turning it on two hours before bedtime should be sufficient. we advise setting a humidifier to between 35 to 45% humidity level. over 50% can cause mold and dust mites to proliferate. place a small to mid-sized humidifier off the floor and place it on a table at the far side of your bedroom. this reduces noise level and prevents your bedding from becoming damp. clean your humidifier following the instructions in your product manual on a regular basis areas to humidify if you are concentrating on night time comfort, choose a room humidifier, otherwise a central humidifier or large space evaporative humidifier is a better choice than multiple small units. however, there must be sufficient airflow between rooms to work. humidifier features built in humidistat: humidistats that are integrated into a humidifier can be inaccurate at times and it will depend on the temperature of your room and if there is an open door or window. for absolute accuracy, purchase an additional inexpensive standalone measuring device called a hygrometer. that being said, built in humidity display levels are useful to avoid over humidification. noise level: some humidifiers are notoriously noisy, and for some people the white noise that they emit is sleep disturbing. ultrasonic machines are the quietest. a variable fan control which you can control. no mineral dust: if you live in a hard water area, you may be at risk for generating white dust with a humidifier. while this can happen with an ultrasonic humidifier, it can be prevented using distilled water or a mineral dust prevention cartridge. coverage: most manufacturers coverage specifications are overstated, so choose a humidifier with more square footage than you need. this means more gallons of water in its holding tank. automatic shut off: when the humidifier has reached the required level of humidity it should shut itself off, and should also shut itself off when empty. bacteria free: is there integrated bacterial protection or an inserted protective device? if you don’t have this feature on your humidifier, you will need to clean it out very often to prevent mold and mildew. ease of cleaning: every humidifier needs maintenance during the season. do the parts come apart easily for dishwasher cleaning? cost of maintenance: look carefully at the annual cost of maintenance for your humidifiers. the annual humidifier replacement kits cover demineralization and anti bacterial protection. reputable manufacturer. your safety and that of your family is paramount importance so make sure to choose a reliable humidifier that has not a recall. none of the humidifiers that allergybuyersclub offers have a recall in their history. warranty: a good humidifier has a warranty for three years and expected to last for five years. good: pureguardian h7550 better: aos 7142 best: powerpure 5000 learning center air purifiers allergies asthma dehumidifiers bed bugs humidifiers steam cleaners dust mites gases & chemicals vacuums healthy homes molds product education sinuses & sinusitis skin allergies water quality customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend sign up for email offers & news: sign up toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. ©2019 allergy buyers group llc. all rights reserved. use of allergybuyersclub.com is subject to our terms of service **from time to time, allergybuyersclub offers price matching guarantees, site wide discounts and/or free ground shipping to the contiguous 48 states. we currently offer free shipping on most orders over $35 within the contiguous us. a flat shipping fee of $10.00 is charged for orders less than $35. a we do not ship to any of the 5 us territories. any available offers will be applied to your order in your shopping cart (savings code may need to be entered). advanced vapor technologies, airfree, airpura, alorair, alen, austin air, bedvoyage, blueair, crane, danby, dyson, ebac, eo essential, everyone, filterqueen, friedrich, frigidaire, kandymask, ladybug, legna, lifeair, miele, mondovap 2400, objecto, puracy, pure rejuvenation, the pure company, quietpure home, quietpure home+, quietpure whisper, royal-pedic, safe2go, sebo, the purists, up3000, us steam white tail, whitewing defender, winix and special bundle offers are excluded from online promo codes in sitewide banner and our price match guarantee. other product exclusions or details may apply. see our shipping and delivery charges; low price match guarantee and site wide discounts; returns and cancellation or contact us via chat or 888-236-7231 for other details.  proudly powered by wordpress | themes and plugins developed by themekraft. post navigation ← airfree air purifier & air sterilizer faq miele s5 callisto vs. s8 kona vacuum comparison →