来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231215714/https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/learning/dehumidifier-buyers-guide.html
================================================================================

dehumidifiers buying guide | learning center | allergy buyers club final hours for your sitewide discounts! 0 days 0 hours 00 minutes 00 seconds want expert help? or extended financing | toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. my account my cart want expert help? or extended financing my account my cart free shipping on orders over $35 and price match guarantee* my account view cart search search go air purifiers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide filters all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters dehumidifiers all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories humidifiers all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale vacuum cleaners all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless handheld wet dry sticks robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale steamers all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale water filters best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house bedding all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets all other all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide sale all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale steam cleaners on sale sale new items gift ideas why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands request catalog email offers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide shop the quietpure whisper filterqueen defender all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale shop the powerpure 5000 simplemist with aromatherapy best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified replacement filters shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house purest pour water for $44.99 dws drinking water system with faucet for $85.00 all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories pure & dry 30 pint dehum pure & dry 50 pint with pump all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters the quietpure compact replacement filter the quietpure whisper bedroom filter all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless/stick wet dry robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale the veridian deepclean pet vacuum the veridian x410 smart vacuum all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets stay cool with hotel plush sheets hotel plush hypoallergenic pillows all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale us steam white tail us600 shop our best selling steamers all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide tpc allergy oil set apollo 2000 infrared space heater all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale top bedding on sale top vacuum cleaners on sale free shipping on orders over $35** save 30% off sitewide with code: friday30 (*see exclusions below) 30% off sitewide with code: friday30 (*see exclusions below) learning center learning center dehumidifier buyers guide dehumidifier buyers guide dehumidifier overview having levels of moisture above 50% in your home or basement can provide a breeding ground for mold, dust mites, termites and other unhealthful allergens. the musty odors associated with this humidity can be unhealthy and extremely uncomfortable for its occupants. high humidity and mold can also destroy your possessions. a dehumidifier therefore provides a practical and cost effective solution for removing unwanted moisture. do i need a dehumidifier? you need a dehumidifier if you are coping with damp, clammy conditions and musty odors in an indoor environment and are concerned that your possessions might get moldy. you will also need a dehumidifier as part of a flood clean up process. there are also places where the humidity level in your living space is simply very uncomfortable, and a dehumidifier will restore it to more tolerable levels. it is the humidity rather than the heat that causes your problems. how do dehumidifiers work? most types of dehumidifiers are similar to an air conditioner since they use a refrigeration system to remove heat and moisture from incoming air, and add heat to the air that is discharged. a fan in the dehumidifier draws in air from the room which often has a high humidity level. when the air is pulled into the unit, it passes over the cooling coils which remove moisture from the air by lowering the temperature. the air then is reheated and redistributed back into the room without the moisture the moisture from the dehumidifier is then either collected in a container that needs to be emptied or is drained out the back of the unit to drain or sink. selecting a dehumidifier energy star rated dehumidifiers can make a great deal of difference to your utility bills over the long term, since dehumidifiers can consume as much electricity as your refrigerator. more expensive machines are often more efficient and more than pay for themselves, all the while providing superior dehumidification. an added bonus is that many utility companies provide rebates for the purchase of an energy certified machine. purchase a dehumidifier with a larger capacity than you need for your room square footage. manufacturers usually rate the square footage capacity for their dehumidifiers in dry conditions. outside conditions affect the performance of the dehumidifier especially high humidity areas of the country. make sure that the dehumidifier physical dimensions are not too large and can fit in the space you want to place it. you also need easy access to this space. high capacity dehumidifiers are heavier to move around. the pint rating on a dehumidifier refers to the number of pints it can remove under ideal conditions (60% relative humidity and 80 degrees) in a 24 hour period – not to the size of the bucket. this is why people usually choose a higher pint rating for maximum moisture removal. if your target area is a basement, choose a dehumidifier which is specially designed to continue to be effective at lower temperatures, especially to at least 42 degrees. the problem here is that some dehumidifiers will ice up below sixty degrees and then cease to be effective. you will be looking for a machine with a frost guard or in the more expensive dehumidifiers, a hot gas defrost process. there is no silent dehumidifier especially one with a compressor. the best models have improved greatly so that the noise level is lower but check the decibel levels for the model that you are interested in. choose a manufacturer with an impeccable track record since there have been safety recalls on past models. we only offer models that have not had any past issues. how to use a dehumidifier place your dehumidifier so that it has air flowing around it on all sides. use a hose from your dehumidifier and drain water automatically into a sink, outside your house, or to a floor drain. you may need an auxiliary pump if one is not built in to your machine. if you don’t have a place to drain the water from the dehumidifier, you will need to empty the bucket when it gets full on a regular basis. note that larger capacity dehumidifiers only come with a drainage hose and don’t offer a bucket. the best dehumidifiers also have excellent air filters in them, and thus serve a dual purpose. however all dehumidifiers have some kind of air filter in them. failure to clean the filter every six months will shorten the life of the machine, cause air clogs and the dehumidifier will eventually fail. if your basement has a dirt floor, we suggest you pour concrete over it with a moisture guard coating. at the very least, put down a plastic barrier and secure it with gravel. otherwise, your attempts at dehumidification, especially with low water table levels will be difficult. area to dehumidify buy a dehumidifier that is right sized for your specific needs, conditions, and location. if at all possible don’t buy a dehumidifier just because of its low price, because it will very probably cost you more to run in the long run, and will not last more than eighteen months to two years. sad but true. dehumidifier features you will need a built in digital humidistat to allow you to set the machine to the desired level of humidity. a built in hygrometer to monitor whether you are actually achieving your desired humidity level. we recommend setting between 48 and 50%. a built in auto shut off feature if you are using a bucket model. a drainage plug and hose out the back of the unit is preferred for continuous water removal. an auxiliary condensate pump if not already built into the machine is necessary when pumping the water away from the dehumidifier, up a wall or into a sink. auto defrost will shut the dehumidifier off at the first sign of frost, heat up the machine and then resume operation. an auto restart feature which resumes operation after a power outage, is absolutely necessary if you have two homes or even take extended vacations. for ease of maintenance, castors on your dehumidifier are a plus. dehumidifiers are can be heavy to move. energy star rated for more effective use of electricity. the more expensive machines will pay for themselves with their miserly energy consumption. warranty. the best machines have up to five years warranty on major parts. good: frigidaire ffad7033r1 better: pure & dry hepa70 best: fral fdk54 learning center air purifiers allergies asthma dehumidifiers bed bugs humidifiers steam cleaners dust mites gases & chemicals vacuums healthy homes molds product education sinuses & sinusitis skin allergies water quality customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend sign up for email offers & news: sign up toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. ©2019 allergy buyers group llc. all rights reserved. use of allergybuyersclub.com is subject to our terms of service **from time to time, allergybuyersclub offers price matching guarantees, site wide discounts and/or free ground shipping to the contiguous 48 states. we currently offer free shipping on most orders over $35 within the contiguous us. a flat shipping fee of $10.00 is charged for orders less than $35. a we do not ship to any of the 5 us territories. any available offers will be applied to your order in your shopping cart (savings code may need to be entered). advanced vapor technologies, airfree, airpura, alorair, alen, austin air, bedvoyage, blueair, crane, danby, dyson, ebac, eo essential, everyone, filterqueen, friedrich, frigidaire, kandymask, ladybug, legna, lifeair, miele, mondovap 2400, objecto, puracy, pure rejuvenation, the pure company, quietpure home, quietpure home+, quietpure whisper, royal-pedic, safe2go, sebo, the purists, up3000, us steam white tail, whitewing defender, winix and special bundle offers are excluded from online promo codes in sitewide banner and our price match guarantee. other product exclusions or details may apply. see our shipping and delivery charges; low price match guarantee and site wide discounts; returns and cancellation or contact us via chat or 888-236-7231 for other details.  proudly powered by wordpress | themes and plugins developed by themekraft. post navigation ← airfree air purifier & air sterilizer faq miele s5 callisto vs. s8 kona vacuum comparison →