来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231215714/https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/air-purifiers.html
================================================================================

air purifiers & information - allergybuyersclub click item to remove compare clear all final hours for your sitewide discounts! 0 days 0 hours 00 minutes 00 seconds want expert help? or extended financing | toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. my account 0 my cart want expert help? or extended financing my account my cart free shipping on orders over $35 and price match guarantee* shopping cart your cart is currently empty. my account view cart search air purifiers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide filters all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters dehumidifiers all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories humidifiers all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale vacuum cleaners all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless handheld wet dry sticks robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale steamers all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale water filters best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house bedding all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets all other all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide sale all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale steam cleaners on sale sale new items gift ideas why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands request catalog email offers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide shop the quietpure whisper filterqueen defender all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale shop the powerpure 5000 simplemist with aromatherapy best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified replacement filters shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house purest pour water for $44.99 dws drinking water system with faucet for $85.00 all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories pure & dry 30 pint dehum pure & dry 50 pint with pump all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters the quietpure compact replacement filter the quietpure whisper bedroom filter all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless/stick wet dry robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale the veridian deepclean pet vacuum the veridian x410 smart vacuum all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets stay cool with hotel plush sheets hotel plush hypoallergenic pillows all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale us steam white tail us600 shop our best selling steamers all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide tpc allergy oil set apollo 2000 infrared space heater all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale top bedding on sale top vacuum cleaners on sale free shipping on orders over $35** save 15% off sitewide with code: gift15 (*see exclusions below) 15% off sitewide with code: gift15 (*see exclusions below) home top air purifiers × ⚠  error a maximum of three products are allowed for comparision ok top air purifiers air purifiers help ensure the air we breathe into our bodies is as pure and clean as possible. clean air is just as important as the things we eat. they ensure better air quality, undoubtedly ranks as among the major factors in our health, making air purification our top priority. with the knowledge from our experienced staff, our hands-on testing and training, and the feedback from our neighbors, friends and clients like you, we have personally selected the best protect you and your family’s health so you can breathe easily. our newest high performance brand is the quietpure home air purifier known for it's ultra quiet, highly effective air purification. for top of the line air purification, we recommend either filterqueen ® defender ® air purifier offering the best cadr ratings available or quietpure home  known for their efficiently sealed, air tight filtration. see special offers on our best selling air purifiers want expert help? call our top air purifiers hotline toll-free: 1-888-236-7231 low price match guarantee best selling air purifiers air purifiers for smoke air purifiers on sale air purifiers for allergies asthma air purifiers baby nursery air purifiers central whole house air purifiers chemical voc air purifiers commercial air purifiers energy efficient air purifiers hepa air purifiers mcs air purifiers mold air purifiers pet air purifiers quiet bedroom air purifiers small & portable air purifiers virus and bacteria control air purifiers blueair air purifiers airpurifiers 0 top air purifiers sorted by: best selling… lowest price highest price name ascending name descending go boneco by air o swiss 7147 ultrasonic humidifier expert: see reviews $259.99$229.99 save $60 plus free hydro cell 2-pack! add to compare add to cart air purifiers & and information right sizing and space  when deciding on a room air purifier, square feet of a room is a significant factor when choosing an air filter in order to properly clean the air in a room, you will need to exchange the air in the room several times each hour. we recommend 5 air exchanges an hour with 2 air exchanges can be considered a minimum all depending on room size. consider that many will be loud on their highest fan speed setting, buying one rated for a larger room will allow you to run it effectively on lower speeds and have the added benefit of quieter operation. filtration efficiency:  there is a lot of variability in the efficiency and resulting numerical efficiency is the number given to the percentage of particulates trapped in a filter in one single air exchange. more is better and our best trap particulates in one pass at well over 90%. these purifiers continue to perform at high efficiency until a filter change is required. air flow:  clean air delivery rate cadr. cadr rating is reported in cubic feet per minute cfm of 100% particle free air is produced, the higher the number the faster the unit will clean the air. look for the aham verifide mark to see if your purifier has certified clean air delivery rate, cadr. filtration volume efficiency is important because if you are not passing air through the filter efficiently it will not help or work properly. cadr is the combination of high filtration efficiency and high airflow. filter change indicator lights:  indicator lights are extremely helpful in knowing the optimal time to change a filter especially as the machine is usually more accurate. it also helps to not changing the filter too late, which is not ideal for health, or too early which can cost money. easy filter change:  the best units are simply the ones requiring no tools to replace filters. the best units allow you to simply pop out a door, pullout the filter and replace it with the new one. the location and design of some purifier's filters make them difficult to change making most people delay changing them beyond the change dates. some of our easiest to change filters, on are the quitepure, powerpure, and blueair. iqair air filters are easy to change after you've done it a couple of times, but can be difficult the first time. weight and mobility:  most but not all have casters, so you will be able to push them from room to room. however, you may have needs easy to move model whether for travel or work. we have several small and lightweight air filters which fulfill those criteria. ozone emissions and outgassing;  any ozone emission, which is a toxic substance, is not desirable regardless of whether the person has allergies, asthma, or multiple chemical sensitivities. however, the effects are usually worse for these people because ozone is an irritant to the respiratory system. upkeep costs;  this is another factor which is often overlooked by the potential purchaser. many of the most expensive are often less expensive to maintain, saving you money over the life of the machine. the warranty and reliability:  the best warranties are those offering five years or more on the main fan and motor parts. a reliable model should have no problems with the motor, fan, and electrical components and controls during that time. the rest of the unit consists of the filters, which need periodically cleaning or replacement. our best brands here is an overview of the best brands. please understand that all these brands produce machines that made the cut when we tested them, while a great deal more products were sent back. airfree  this is the only air purity brand that is not based around a hepa or hepa like filter. in fact, their models have no filters, relying instead on a patented technology for air sterilization and allergen incineration. thus there is no maintenance costs associated with any airfree model, and we have had excellent experience with their reliability. since airfree air sterilizers rely on natural air flow in a room because they do not have a fan, we see a single unit as better for a small room. they are also a manufacturer that backs up their claims with serious verifiable research. however, we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal and you will not find that household dust is reduced - but your allergies will subside. airpura  this manufacturer has shot up the charts in our air purifier favorites category. they have done almost everything perfectly, only falling down in our opinion with difficult filter changes [use a screwdriver and turn the machine upside down] and lack filter change monitoring. otherwise, airpura has learned from the mistakes of others and does a first class job at producing air purifiers which are carefully tailored to a variety of special needs, and all for a very fair price. each of their three filters is of excellent quality and each filter removes particles(including dust), odors, dust mites, and smoke. what is unique is their units are modular and can be refigured if your application needs change at a later date. alen air purifiers  alen is wisely positioned as providing a good air purifier for the everyone. they include true hepa filters which is the gold standard for air filtration. they have neat designs, above average filtration effectiveness, quiet operation, very easy filter changes, low energy consumption and a lifetime warranty. we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal. but overall they are an all-purpose air purifier at a moderate price. austin air  is extremely popular with our customers. they offer no nonsense, no frills approach to air purification but they put their money into what really counts. very good gas and odor filtration and the air filtration effectiveness is above average. we still do not like that austin air combined their gas and hepa filters as these filters degrade at a different pace than each other. like airpura their filters are difficult to change requiring a screwdriver and turning the machine upside down. but none the less, for our customers with serious allergy problems they are high up on our air purifier manufacturer list. blueair  a longtime favorite with both us and our customers and for very good reasons. blueair’s patented hepasilent® technology combine electrostatic, carbon and hepa type filter technologies which result in a very high filtration effectiveness, 99.97% of airborne particles and down to 0.3 microns, with no ozone. they gain highest marks from us for their ability to deliver large amounts of purified air, with the industry’s highest cadr as certified by aham. also quietly, making them a top choice for a bedrooms. blueair offers flexibility beyond any other manufacturer with an array of platforms that cater to large rooms, small rooms, bedrooms and office, just to name a few. choose if you want advanced integrated sensors and electronic interface, or go with their simple and rugged mechanical turning knob designs, filter options allow for focus on pet hair, mold spores, particles or combination of particles and gasses and odors. all their products are made in powder coated galvanized steel which is a testament to their quality. their filter changes are exceptionally easy and with recent upgrades to include filter life monitoring and pre-filters, this manufacturer is still managing to keep pace and ahead of most other air purifier manufacturers. quietpure one of our best-selling brands of air purifiers, quietpure products are designed to be silent in operation while still being extremely effective. we carry the quietpure home, quietpure home + smoke, and quietpure whisper hepa air purifier models. each model uses hepa technology to remove contaminants like dust, allergens, vocs, and more. of all the air purifier brands we carry, quietpure is the most budget-friendly. our customers have been pleased with the operation and positive impact these air purifiers have had on their indoor air. winix  winix models are well made with a pleasing space saving design, easy filter changes, offer some nice auto monitoring features, are quiet and energy star compliant. best of all they offer above average performance in air filtration. these are well worth a looking at since the price is a knock out for what is being offered. we would not recommend them for serious gas and odor removal. top air purifiers best selling air purifiers air purifiers for smoke air purifiers on sale air purifiers for allergies asthma air purifiers baby nursery air purifiers central whole house air purifiers chemical voc air purifiers commercial air purifiers energy efficient air purifiers hepa air purifiers mcs air purifiers mold air purifiers pet air purifiers quiet bedroom air purifiers small & portable air purifiers virus and bacteria control air purifiers blueair air purifiers clear selections brands airoswiss by boneco (1) category winner (0) our exclusive products (0) expert ratings (1) filters & accessories replacement filters brands aerus airfree airmega airpura alen amaircare austin air blueair coway germ guardian liteair powerpure quietpure the pure company stadler form winix sale new items gift ideas pet allergy solutions dorm room essentials why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands email offers i need relief from... select spring allergies allergies asthma bed bugs chemicals dust mites humidity mold & mildew pet dander pollen sinuses customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend sign up for email offers & news: sign up toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. ©2019 allergy buyers group llc. all rights reserved. use of allergybuyersclub.com is subject to our terms of service **from time to time, allergybuyersclub offers price matching guarantees, site wide discounts and/or free ground shipping to the contiguous 48 states. we currently offer free shipping on most orders over $35 within the contiguous us. a flat shipping fee of $10.00 is charged for orders less than $35. a we do not ship to any of the 5 us territories. any available offers will be applied to your order in your shopping cart (savings code may need to be entered). advanced vapor technologies, airfree, airpura, alorair, alen, austin air, bedvoyage, blueair, crane, danby, dyson, ebac, eo essential, everyone, filterqueen, friedrich, frigidaire, kandymask, ladybug, legna, lifeair, miele, mondovap 2400, objecto, puracy, pure rejuvenation, the pure company, quietpure home, quietpure home+, quietpure whisper, royal-pedic, safe2go, sebo, the purists, up3000, us steam white tail, whitewing defender, winix and special bundle offers are excluded from online promo codes in sitewide banner and our price match guarantee. other product exclusions or details may apply. see our shipping and delivery charges; low price match guarantee and site wide discounts; returns and cancellation or contact us via chat or 888-236-7231 for other details. 