来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231215714/https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/learning/air-purifier-buyers-guide.html
================================================================================

air purifier buyers guide | learning center | allergy buyers club final hours for your sitewide discounts! 0 days 0 hours 00 minutes 00 seconds want expert help? or extended financing | toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. my account my cart want expert help? or extended financing my account my cart free shipping on orders over $35 and price match guarantee* my account view cart search search go air purifiers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide filters all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters dehumidifiers all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories humidifiers all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale vacuum cleaners all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless handheld wet dry sticks robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale steamers all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale water filters best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house bedding all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets all other all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide sale all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale steam cleaners on sale sale new items gift ideas why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands request catalog email offers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide shop the quietpure whisper filterqueen defender all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale shop the powerpure 5000 simplemist with aromatherapy best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified replacement filters shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house purest pour water for $44.99 dws drinking water system with faucet for $85.00 all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories pure & dry 30 pint dehum pure & dry 50 pint with pump all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters the quietpure compact replacement filter the quietpure whisper bedroom filter all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless/stick wet dry robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale the veridian deepclean pet vacuum the veridian x410 smart vacuum all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets stay cool with hotel plush sheets hotel plush hypoallergenic pillows all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale us steam white tail us600 shop our best selling steamers all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide tpc allergy oil set apollo 2000 infrared space heater all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale top bedding on sale top vacuum cleaners on sale free shipping on orders over $35** save 40% off sitewide with code: cyber40 (*see exclusions below) 40% off sitewide with code: cyber40 (*see exclusions below) air purifiers learning center air purifier buyers guide air purifier buyers guide air purifier overview air purifiers are an essential weapon in reducing and eliminating harmful allergens in the form of either particulates like dust and pollen or noxious gases such as smoke. since there is now a dizzying glut of air purifiers on the market, it has become difficult to ascertain whether a particular brand is reliable and can actually positively impact your health. at allergybuyersclub, we have tested numerous air purifier brands and stand behind our recommendations. there are two things you need to bear in mind: you get what you pay for and there is no silver bullet. you will need to make a good number of changes to your home environment which are mostly free, in addition to possibly buying some other types of products along with an air purifier. but an air purifier is where you should start first. do i need an air purifier? if you live in or near a city and/or if you have any uncomfortable allergy symptoms such as sneezing, congestion, have itchy eyes and sinus pain or asthma symptoms, chances are that an air purifier could be really helpful. in addition to checking your own symptoms, the most accurate way to check the level of pollution in your home is with a particulate meter or to use one of the more recent advanced smart devices that can monitor the level of pollution inside and outside your home on a continuous basis. how do air purifiers work? the best way to understand how air purifiers work is to envision air being drawn into a machine, and that air being passed through a number of filters and then purified air being forced back out into the room. there are some nuances to the process such as the number and types of filters as well as some other germ killing processes. in the rare case of an air sterilizer, no filters are used. however, the gold standard in air purification is hepa filtration, which is a tightly woven filter. some filters are ‘hepa-like’ but they let more air through the filter and are less efficient. if you’d like more information check out our blog. how do i selecting the right air purifier? coverage: always choose an air purifier that covers a larger area than you need so you can turn it down low (to control noise) and still have it be effective. brand: choose an air purifier brand that has been around a while and has garnered good customer reviews. the better known manufacturers know what they are doing and are less interested in bells and whistles than they are with results. they are also less likely to go out of business leaving you with a machine and no replacement filters. energy efficient: look for energy star rated. this can make a very significant difference to you in terms of energy consumption. check filter price: estimate the cost of replacement filters amortized over the years. do not choose a brand where you cannot afford its upkeep. frequency of filter change not just the filter cost itself is equally as important. some filters may be more expensive but last a long time compared to less expensive ones you need to change more frequently. but it is imperative to change filters at the manufacturer’s suggested time frame for maximum performance and air quality. air purifier problem: decide as to how serious the problem that you are trying to tackle. the more serious the issue such as noxious gasses, the more likely it is that it will cost more money to mitigate it. for example: if you have lighter seasonal allergies, a smaller hepa air purifier might just do the trick. how to use an air purifier? in order to get the most benefit, you should keep your air purifier running continuously on a low speed and crank it up for a couple of hours before bedtime. then turn it back down low or put it on ‘night mode’. some newer air purifiers with advanced features will continuously monitor the air for you in ‘auto mode’ and thus potentially save you electricity. if you are purifying a bedroom you will need to shut the door and the windows to get the best results. if your house has ducts, you’ll be facing constant decontamination through forced air ducts, let alone some people insist on sleeping with their pets. areas to purify we suggest that the first place you select to purify the air is in the bedroom because most people use their bedroom for eight plus hours a day. then take the next most used room such as the living or family room. later on if the portable air purifiers are working well for you, you might consider a central or whole home air purification. air purifier features the air purifier features we think are the most important are the following: aham ratings, which give you a true and independently certified number of air changes per hour (ach). we recommend 4-6 air changes for allergy sufferers. this has a lot to do with the power of the fan. air changes are a function of cfm (cubic feet per minute) and square footage. in a 12′ x 12′ bedroom you can get 5 ach with a 100 cfm. that same unit in a larger living space say 20′ x 20′ would only give you 2 ach. a large surface area hepa filter which is tightly and consistently manufactured. an hepa efficiency rating of over 90 is very good. a good air cleaner filter you should be h class rated. an indicator light telling you when to change the filters with each filter independently monitored. separate pre, hepa, and gas filters. other specialized filters are optional. either continuous adjustment knob for fan speed or multiple fan speeds in order to monitor noise level. the air purifier needs to be effective on low speeds, since most people do not like to hear fan noise. in an inexpensive air purifier (think low cost fan), if you are not careful, you could end up only purifying the area of a small room. if you want an air purifier to filter out noxious odors and gases, you will need one with a filter with granulated carbon. more is better. always look for an air purifier which is warranted to last 5 years or more. a nice extra feature is one which constantly measures your air quality and adjusts the fan speed accordingly. good: blueair pro l air purifier better: filterqueen defender air purifier best: quietpure home air purifier learning center air purifiers allergies asthma dehumidifiers bed bugs humidifiers steam cleaners dust mites gases & chemicals vacuums healthy homes molds product education sinuses & sinusitis skin allergies water quality customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend sign up for email offers & news: sign up toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. ©2019 allergy buyers group llc. all rights reserved. use of allergybuyersclub.com is subject to our terms of service **from time to time, allergybuyersclub offers price matching guarantees, site wide discounts and/or free ground shipping to the contiguous 48 states. we currently offer free shipping on most orders over $35 within the contiguous us. a flat shipping fee of $10.00 is charged for orders less than $35. a we do not ship to any of the 5 us territories. any available offers will be applied to your order in your shopping cart (savings code may need to be entered). advanced vapor technologies, airfree, airpura, alorair, alen, austin air, bedvoyage, blueair, crane, danby, dyson, ebac, eo essential, everyone, filterqueen, friedrich, frigidaire, kandymask, ladybug, legna, lifeair, miele, mondovap 2400, objecto, puracy, pure rejuvenation, the pure company, quietpure home, quietpure home+, quietpure whisper, royal-pedic, safe2go, sebo, the purists, up3000, us steam white tail, whitewing defender, winix and special bundle offers are excluded from online promo codes in sitewide banner and our price match guarantee. other product exclusions or details may apply. see our shipping and delivery charges; low price match guarantee and site wide discounts; returns and cancellation or contact us via chat or 888-236-7231 for other details.  proudly powered by wordpress | themes and plugins developed by themekraft. post navigation ← child-sinus-shapiro controlling asthma →