来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231171332/https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/aboutus.html
================================================================================

about us final hours for your sitewide discounts! 0 days 0 hours 00 minutes 00 seconds want expert help? or extended financing | toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. my account 0 my cart want expert help? or extended financing my account my cart free shipping on orders over $35 and price match guarantee* shopping cart your cart is currently empty. my account view cart search air purifiers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide filters all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters dehumidifiers all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories humidifiers all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale vacuum cleaners all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless handheld wet dry sticks robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale steamers all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale water filters best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house bedding all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets all other all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide sale all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale steam cleaners on sale sale new items gift ideas why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands request catalog email offers all air purifiers best selling allergy asthma mold replacement filters quiet chemical/ voc smoke on sale virus/ bacteria pet allergies small/ portables whole house commercial energy efficient baby/ nursery mcs buying guide shop the quietpure whisper filterqueen defender all humidifiers best selling ultrasonic cool mist warm mist bedroom nursery small & portable air washers whole house buying guide replacement filters on sale shop the powerpure 5000 simplemist with aromatherapy best selling chlorine water filters counter top fluoride water filters nsf certified replacement filters shower head filters under sink water filter pitchers water test kits whole house purest pour water for $44.99 dws drinking water system with faucet for $85.00 all dehumidifiers best selling basement dehumidifiers w/ pump home mold quiet bedroom crawl space commercial flood dehumidifiers energy star small & portable on sale buying guide dehumidifier accessories pure & dry 30 pint dehum pure & dry 50 pint with pump all filters air purifier filters humidifier filters vacuum filters and bags water filters dehumidifier filters furnace filters the quietpure compact replacement filter the quietpure whisper bedroom filter all vacuum cleaners best selling all hepa uprights canisters for carpet canisters for hardwood pet bagless lightweight steam vacuums cordless/stick wet dry robot vacuums commercial vacuums backpack vacuums buying guide replacement bags & filters on sale the veridian deepclean pet vacuum the veridian x410 smart vacuum all bedding best selling bed bug covers blankets buying guide comforters cooling bedding dust mite covers duvet covers mattress pads mattresses on sale pillowcases pillows sheets stay cool with hotel plush sheets hotel plush hypoallergenic pillows all steam cleaners best selling home handheld commercial steam vacuums steam mops garment buying guide on sale us steam white tail us600 shop our best selling steamers all categories aromatherapy cleaning supplies cooling furniture gift sets mattresses personal care personal protection products sinus care space heaters test kits water filters buying guide tpc allergy oil set apollo 2000 infrared space heater all sale clearance sale air purifiers on sale bedding on sale dehumidifiers on sale humidifiers on sale steam cleaners on sale vacuum cleaners on sale space heaters on sale top bedding on sale top vacuum cleaners on sale free shipping on orders over $35** get 25% off with code holiday25 (*see exclusions below) get 25% off with code holiday25 (*see exclusions below) home about us about who we are allergybuyersclub is the online destination for healthy-home products. since 1998, we’ve offered expert reviews, a curated expert selection of well-known brands, and top performing healthy home products with great value. our goal is to support our customers’ quest for their healthiest life. resolving and preventing allergy and asthmas triggers is a key focus of ours, but you don’t have to suffer from allergies or asthma to shop with us. we offer a variety of products including air purifiers, dehumidifiers, hepa vacuums, allergy-free bedding, cooling bedding, water testing and purification products, mattresses, and much more. free expert advice is available via online chat or phone call when you need it. plus, we offer special savings on repeat purchases and subscription for filters and bags, too. allergybuyersclub has partnered with the salvation army territorial disaster relief division to provide assistance to those affected by hurricane florence on the east coast. in order to begin the restoration of buildings and homes damaged by flood waters, we donated 3 pallets of dehumidifiers to the effort. our hope is that this has helped those affected by the storm to get on first step to the road to repair. checkout security your security is important to us. we follow the industry’s highest standards for check out security by using 256-bit transport layer security. our shopping cart is powered by miva and we provide several secure payment options including paypal, credit card secured by cybersource and our allergy buyers club member card. see our privacy policy for other details. honest ratings & reviews we pride ourselves on providing you with candidly-honest product reviews so that you are fully aware of what we believe are the product's strengths and weaknesses. in addition, we provide technical follow-up support on everything we sell—our trained product experts are available to help you monday - friday 9am-7pm est, saturday 11am-5pm est, sunday 11am-3pm et. fast delivery - most ship same day most in-stock products are shipped same or next day from our warehouse. some heavier products and other products we do not keep in stock may be drop shipped from the manufacturer. those products or popular products that are temporarily out-of-stock may take longer to ship. custom-orders require special preparation and will ship as noted on their respective product pages. if we are aware of a potential delay in shipping due to availability or seasonal demand, we will indicate the shipping delay time or indicate “contact us for availability” on the product page. free shipping on orders over $35 / shipping and delivery charges we’re pleased to offer free ups ground shipping on most orders* over $35 within the contiguous us. a flat shipping fee of $10.00 is charged for orders less than $35. exclusions may apply. for expedited shipping or shipping to locations outside of the contiguous us, contact us for a quote 1-888-236-7231 or chat with us online. we do not ship to any of the 5 us territories *free shipping excludes heavy weight items (such as furniture, mattresses and appliances) as noted on their respective ordering pages. delivery for those items require custom quotes— please contact us at 1-888-236-7231 or chat us online. additional shipping fees will apply to any delivery address changes requested after your order has shipped. note: if you have ordered a mattress, box springs or furniture weighing over 250 lbs. and require those items to be delivered above the 3rd floor of a building without an elevator, we will charge a fee of $50 per each additional flight of stairs above the 3rd floor. low price guarantee policy & site-wide discounts we are committed to providing our customers the best value on the best products. if you find an identical product published at a lower price, and in-stock, on another authorized-dealer site, let us know so we can look to match the price. it’s easy! all you need is proof of pricing like a photo or screenshot of the price on the authorized-dealer’s website (be sure your picture captures the date). prior to your purchase with allergybuyersclub, or within 30 days of your purchase, call, chat or email our customer service team (1-888-236-7231 or support@allergybuyersclub.com) so we can cheerfully offer you the lower price or refund the difference. here are a few notes: valid for identical product only. must be the same brand, size, color, model number, etc. this offer is not valid for items purchased for resale, clearance items, open box items, or products on auction sites such as ebay or items in violation of manufacturer’s map (minimum advertised price) pricing policies. product must be offered on an authorized dealers’ web site(s) located within the united states product must be in stock on allergybuyersclub.com and the competitor web site. price difference must be more than $1 including any and all applicable shipping costs. price match pricing is not eligible to be combined with offers, sales, or promo codes including offers of promotional expedited shipping. price match approval is at our sole discretion; select cases may not be approved for matching. certain product exclusions may apply as may be noted on their respective product pages. important: our low price match guarantee and other site-wide discounts do not apply to: bundled offers, airfree, airpura, alorair, alen, austin air, bedvoyage, blueair, danby, dyson, ebac, ecosphere, eo essential, everyone, filterqueen, friedrich, frigidaire, kandymask, ladybug, lifeair, miele, objecto, puracy, pure rejuvenation, the pure company, quietpure home, quietpure home+, quietpure whisper, royal-pedic, safe2go, sebo, us steam white tail, whitewing defender, and winix. returns and cancellations 30-day money-back guarantee because we sell the highest-quality products and strive for 100% customer satisfaction, we’re pleased to offer a 30-day money back guarantee. if you are not completely satisfied with your order, simply return the product within 30 days of your purchase. we will take it back and work to make it right, by exchanging your product, or refunding our purchase (less the cost of shipping). certain items are not eligible for return or exchange*. please read the information below for further terms and conditions. qualifications and return procedures in order for eligible purchases to take advantage of our return policy, (1) you must contact us at 888-236-7231 (option 2) within the timeframe noted above, and before returning your product(s) to receive a return merchandise authorization and (2) all items must be returned in an undamaged, clean, saleable condition with all original packaging, manuals, remotes and accessories; no water should be in the unit/tank and any vacuum bags should be removed. due to (i) the difficulty tracking items sent without a trackable return merchandise authorization; (ii) the damage that can occur during shipping without proper packaging and (iii) the requirements of certain manufacturers, returns that do not follow these procedures will not be accepted by allergybuyersclub and will be refused for delivery.. the cost associated with return shipping is at the customer’s expense and we recommend insuring your shipment with the freight carrier (e.g. ups, fed ex) against any damage that might occur during shipping. exceptions to any of the requirements in this return policy will be made by allergybuyersclub in its sole description and may subject the return to additional restocking fees from 25% up to the complete cost of the product. refunds or exchanges will be made within 15 days of receipt of the qualified return. *items not eligible for returns or exchange some items are not eligible for return. every effort is made to keep this list up to date, however, please refer to the specific product page listing to confirm return eligibility prior to purchase or contact our customer service department for details. the current list of items ineligible for return is as follows: all opened bedding. including but not limited to mattresses, beds, mattress pads, pillow, pillow cases, comforters, sheets, ect. all products from pure rejuvenation are not eligible for exchanges or returns. all sales are final. all furniture (e.g. pacific rim, vermont furniture, healthy choice and royal pedic). replacement filters, e.g. vacuum filters, replacement water filters, custom-sized furnace filters, air purifier filters respirators and vaporizers (e.g. healthsmart and mabis) personal protection products and masks (e.g. kandy mask and safe2go travel kits) custom-made and custom-ordered items airfree, fral, and stadler form products all opened eo essentials, everyone, and puracy brand products missing or damaged items and/or items received by allergybuyersclub in a non-resalable condition the following items are not eligible for refunds but may be exchanged: air conditioners, furnace filters (standard sizes), ebac, whitewing defender and dezair dehumidifiers. cancellations we work with numerous vendors to bring you the best one-stop shop for all your healthy-home solutions and allergy-friendly needs on the internet. due to varying requirements of our vendors, including order processing times, we may not be able to cancel your order after it is placed. however, if would like to cancel an order, please contact us immediately via chat, email (support@allergybuyersclub.com) or by calling toll-free 1-888-236-7231 during the following hours: mon-fri 9 am to 9 pm et. (after-hours you can leave us a message and we will return your call). if your order has not shipped, we will try to cancel or adjust the order with no additional charge to you. if we cannot stop your order from shipping or it has already shipped, please refer to our return policy financing allergybuyerclub has partnered with synchrony bank to provide special extended financing for certain product purchase. click here for more information. note that when you apply, you will be redirected to synchrony’s application process. financing offers are made by synchrony bank, are subject to synchrony’s terms and conditions. warranty the information provided on the sites, specific product pages and/or in our catalogues is allergybuyersclub’s best effort to highlight any available manufacturer warranty, but you should rely solely on the manufacturer’s written warranty documentation that accompanies your product purchase (the “manufacturer’s written warranty”). the manufacturer’s written warranty will provide a complete explanation of any exclusions and detail your rights and obligations regarding warranty. this documentation typically can be found in the product owner’s manual. as always, our customer service department is here to help! please contact us at support@allergybuyersclub.com. or 888-236-7231 if you have any questions. our representatives will be available to assist you with any questions you might have regarding warranty coverage or procedures and/or put you in touch with the appropriate manufacturer representative. to the extent any content on this site or information provided by our customer service representatives conflicts with the manufacturer’s written warranty, the terms of the manufacturer’s written warranty shall control. allergybuyerslcub.com and all content and products made available to you through the site are provided by allergybuyersclub on an "as is" and "as available" basis. to the full extent permissible by law, allergybuyersclub makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including as to the merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, security or accuracy. you expressly agree that use of the product is at your sole risk. evolution of our brand over the years we have made some changes to our branding so you may not recognize us. take a look below for our previous logos and branding. | lifetime expert product support we are an authorized online retailer for all products listed on our site and comply with all manufacturer's pricing and business policies. privacy policy last updated september 20, 2018 allergy buyers group, llc (“allergybuyersclub,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) has created this privacy policy (this “privacy policy”) because we know that you care about how information about you is used and shared. this privacy policy will describe the types of information we collect and how we use or disclose that information. by visiting allergybuyersclub.com or any of our associated websites or mobile apps (collectively, our “sites”) or by ordering any of our products or services, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to this privacy policy, you must discontinue use of the sites. information allergybuyersclub collects the information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience with us. here are the types of information we gather: personal information we may collect information that can be used to identify you personally, such as your name, email address, billing and delivery addresses, telephone number, and payment information (together with other such information, “personal information”). your submission of personal information is voluntary, but we may be unable to provide you requested information, products, or services if you choose not to provide the relevant personal information. for example, you may provide us personal information when you: contact us through the “contact us” page; sign up to receive special offers & promotions; register for our catalog, register for an on-line account; submit an order; call or email customer service; or submit an order to us through our sites or through customer service over the phone or through online chat. if you sign up for our sites using your facebook or any other social media account, or if you interact with us on any of our social media accounts, we may gather any information that you give to us or that you agreed that facebook or such other social media company could provide to us. this information may include, without limitation, your first and last name, username, profile picture, product and/or company reviews, unique social media identifier, and access token, and/or e-mail address. other information our servers automatically collect technical and other information about your computer hardware and software which does not identify you personally (collectively, “other information”). other information can include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, page views, clicks, access times, referring website addresses, geographic location, and other technical information. we collect other information in the following ways: server logs. our web servers automatically collect certain information from visitors and registered users, such as your ip addresses, browser type and language, referring and exit pages, urls, date and time, the sections of our sites you visit, the amount of time spent on particular pages, information concerning your use of our sites websites and/or mobile apps. we may also collect information about your mobile device, including universally unique id (“uuid”), app type and version (e.g., ios or android), carrier and country location, hardware and processor information (storage, chip speed, camera resolution, nfc enabled, and network type (wifi, 2g, 3g, 4g). from cookies. we may use both session cookies, which expire once you close your web browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your computer until you delete them and other technologies to help us collect data and to enhance your experience with our sites. cookies are small text files a website can use to recognize a repeat visitor to the website. we may use cookies for various purposes, including to authenticate users, personalize your experience, analyze which portions of our sites are visited most frequently, and measure and optimize advertising and promotional effectiveness including by serving more relevant ads. if you do not want us to deploy cookies in your browser, you can opt out by setting your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie in your browser software. if you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still use our sites, although your ability to use some of the features may be affected. third-party analytics. we also use third-party analytics services to evaluate your use of our sites, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information relating to your usage of our sites and the internet. these third parties use cookies and other technologies to help analyze and provide us data. by accessing and using our sites, you consent to the processing of data about you by these analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. aggregated and anonymized information. “other information” also includes personal information that we have aggregated or otherwise anonymized such that it no longer can be used to identify you personally. we do this as part of our ongoing efforts to better understand our users and to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the sites and our products and services. please note that our sites do not currently respond to “do not track” signals that may be enabled in your browser settings. information collected by or through third-party companies and third-party interest based advertising we may share other information about you with third parties, including but not limited to, advertising companies, and our brand partners, for ad distribution and ad optimization (defined as the tailoring, targeting (i.e., behavioral, contextual, and retargeting), analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing of ads). these third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect other information for such purposes. pixel tags enable us and these third-party advertising companies to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site. in addition, we may receive other information from advertisers, brand partners, and/or their service providers such as advertising identifiers, ip addresses, and post-conversion data. as noted above, if you do not want cookies deployed in your browser, you can opt out by setting your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie in your browser software. you may be able to opt out of certain interest-based advertising, by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org and http://www.aboutads.info/choices for details on how to do so. how we use information we may use your personal information to: (i) fulfill the purpose for which you submitted it, such as to respond to your inquiries and other communications, sign you up for mailing lists, catalogs, direct mail advertising or newsletters, or process and fulfill your orders; (ii) to protect the security or integrity of the sites and our systems and investigate any suspected breaches thereto; (iii) to comply in our reasonable discretion with legal requests and proceedings; (iv) to exercise or enforce our rights under the terms of service and this privacy policy; and (v) as otherwise required to comply with any applicable laws, rules and regulations. we may use other information, which does not identify you personally, in various ways that we deem useful including to operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services. how we share information we do not sell your personal information to third parties. we may share personal information as described below: we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. examples may include providing technical assistance, customer service, marketing assistance and email subscription management, billing and payment processing, shipping and delivery of products, and administration of our promotional programs and email campaigns. these other companies will have access to your personal information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. we may share some or all of your personal information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other affiliates. in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the personal information may be part of the transferred assets. if so, the successor of our business will be responsible for continuing to treat your personal information appropriately. from time to time, we may provide you access to special financing offers and programs related to the purchase of our products and services. these offers and programs may be provided by third-party financing or credit agencies. in connection with such offers and programs, we may share some or all of your personal information or other information with such financing or credit agencies. we may also disclose personal information: (i) when required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency; or (ii) whenever we believe that disclosing such personal information is necessary or advisable, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of allergybuyersclub or others. the sites are powered by miva, a third party e-commerce solutions provider. miva’s treatment of your information is governed by miva’s privacy policy, which you can review here: https://www.miva.com/privacy. we may also use google analytics to help us understand how our customers use the sites. you can read more about how google uses your information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. you can also opt-out of google analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. we may share other information, which does not identify you personally, in any manner that we deem useful, including without limitation to place more relevant advertisements, improve the sites’ search engine optimization, and identify traffic referred by partners. cooperative databases / your california privacy rights we may share certain of your personal information to cooperative databases which may in turn give third parties access to such personal information pursuant to the terms of the applicable database. if you do not wish to have your personal information contributed to cooperative databases or otherwise shared for third-party direct marketing purposes, you may opt-out at no charge by sending an e-mail to support@allergybuyersclub.com or by writing us at the address set forth at the end of this privacy policy. we will take commercially reasonable steps to promptly honor such requests. accessing and modifying information and communication preferences if you are a registered user, you may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to certain elements of your personal information (such as contact information) by logging in to your account. in addition, you may opt-out of your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of any of our marketing e-mails. we will use commercially reasonable efforts to process such requests in a timely manner. you should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our subscription databases. you cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails such as those related to the administration of your user account on the sites or any orders you have placed or attempted to place. how we protect your information we take commercially reasonable steps to protect personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. please understand, however, that no security system or online transmission is impenetrable. we cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the databases of the third parties with which we may share such personal information, nor can we guarantee that the personal information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet. please do not send us emails with any sensitive information. important notices to non-u.s. residents allergybuyersclub is based in the united states, and the sites and our services are not intended for use beyond the united states. please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, processed, maintained, and used on computers, servers, and systems located in the united states or elsewhere outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your country of origin. if you are located outside the united states and choose to use the sites, you do so at your own risk. external websites the sites may contain links to third-party websites (“external sites”). allergybuyersclub has no control over the privacy practices or the content of these external sites. as such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these external sites. you should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any such external sites. children we do not sell products or services to children under the age of 18 and do not knowingly collect their personal information. if we learn that a child under the age of 18 has provided personal information to us, we will take reasonable steps to promptly delete that information from our databases to the extent possible. changes to this privacy policy this privacy policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this privacy policy. we may change this privacy policy from time to time. any such changes will be posted on the sites. by accessing the sites and/or ordering our products or services after we make any such changes to this privacy policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, our use of your information is governed by the privacy policy in effect at the time we collect such information. we recommend that you review this privacy policy and your user settings on a regular basis. how to contact us if you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us in one of the following ways: email: support@allergybuyersclub.com or write to us at: allergy buyers group, llc 1300 valley drive bristol, virginia 24201 customer service faq q. how will i know when my item(s) have been shipped? a. whether you place an order online or over the phone, you will receive an email notifying you of the shipped date including a tracking number. if your product is delayed or backordered for any reason, we will also email you. q. who should i contact if i need assistance? a. the fastest way to reach us is to chat on our site or email your questions to support@allergybuyersclub.com. you can also use our online form: https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/contact.html if you’d prefer to speak with a customer service or healthy living expert, call toll-free: 1-888-236-7231 during the following hours: customer service: m-f 9am-7pm est, saturday 11am-5pm est, sunday 9am-3pm et. healthy living experts: m-f 9am-7pm est, saturday 11am-5pm est, sunday 9am-3pm et. after-hours you may leave a message q. what are my options for placing an order? a. you can place your order online 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. if you prefer to place an order by phone, our healthy living experts can be reached toll-free at 1-888-236-7231. we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express credit cards as well as paypal. q. what is our return policy? a. please see our return policy q. what are our shipping charges/methods? a. please see information at fast delivery – most ship same day and free shipping / shipping and delivery charges q. how do i cancel or change my order? a. please see our return policy q. do i have to be a member of the allergybuyersclub to order products? a. no. q. how will i know if an item i ordered is out of stock or on backorder? a. we make every effort to get your order to you as soon as possible. in-stock items are generally shipped same day or within 24 to 48 hours. if there is a problem with your order or we discover the item is backordered, you will receive an email stating more details. for order status please complete our online form. customer service and healthy living expert hours our online store is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. our healthy living experts are available on monday - friday 9am-7pm est, and saturday 11am-5pm est, sunday 11am-3pm et. customer service specialists are available on monday - friday 9am-7pm est, and saturday 11am-5pm est, sunday 11am-3pm et. after-hours, you may also leave a message and a specialist will return your call. terms of service terms of service last updated january 21, 2018 welcome to allergybuyersclub.com. these terms of service (these “terms”) form a binding legal agreement that governs your use of allergybuyersclub.com and the products and services provided to you through the website by allergy buyers group, llc dba allergybuyersclub (“allergybuyersclub,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). by visiting allergybuyersclub.com or any of our associated websites or mobile apps (collectively, our “sites”) or by ordering any of our products or services, you are accepting these terms. if you do not agree to these terms, you must discontinue use of the sites and refrain from ordering any products. modifications and termination we may modify these terms from time to time in our sole discretion. any modifications to these terms will be posted on the sites. by continuing to use the sites after a new version of these terms has been posted, you consent to the changes and agree to comply with the then-posted version of these terms. we encourage you to periodically review these terms. intellectual property all content included in or made available through this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software (collectively, “content”) is the property of allergybuyersclub or its content suppliers and protected by united states copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. the content is intended solely for our visitors’ personal, noncommercial use. in addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through allergybuyersclub are trademarks of allergybuyersclub. other trademarks not owned or licensed by allergybuyersclub that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners. we will enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution, if necessary. restrictions you may not: (i) remove any trademarks, copyright notices, or any other notice contained in any content; (ii) reproduce, download (other than page caching), modify, publish, distribute, transmit, disseminate, broadcast, transfer, license, sell, rent, lease, adapt, create derivative works based upon, publicly display or perform, or in any way exploit any content; (iii) frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any content; (iv) disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any of the content; (v) attempt to hack any portion of the site, or to defeat or overcome any encryption technology or security measures implemented by us; (vi) interfere with or disrupt the operation of the site or the servers or networks connected to, or operated in connection with, the site; (vii) violate any applicable local, state, national or international law; (viii) make any request to transactional servers more than once during any three-second interval; (ix) purchase any products through the site (“products”) for any commercial purpose including resale; (x) provide any inaccurate, misleading, or fraudulent information through or in connection to the site; or (xi) post or submit any unlawful, infringing, offensive, threatening, harassing, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable material via the site. if we determine you have acted inappropriately, and/or are in violation of these terms, we may terminate your account, suspend your access to the site, and take any other legal actions that may be required, desirable or necessary. by using this site, you agree to indemnify and hold allergybuyersclub and its officers, directors, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees (collectively, “personnel”) harmless from any claim or demand, as well as losses, expenses, damages and costs, resulting from any violation of these terms or any activity related to your use of this site (including negligent or wrongful conduct). content posted by you and other users allergybuyersclub strives to create an interactive relationship with the users of its site. this site may allow users to post reviews, comments, photos, videos, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information (collectively, “user content”). if you do post or submit any user content, you grant allergybuyersclub a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such user content in any media. you also grant allergybuyersclub, and any assignees, the right to use the name you submit with such user content, if we choose. you represent and warrant that you own all of the rights to the user content that you post; that the user content is accurate; and that the user content you supply does not violate these terms or any law and will not cause injury to any person or entity. you will indemnify allergybuyersclub and its personnel for all claims resulting from user content you supply. allergybuyersclub reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit any user content you post. allergybuyersclub takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any user content posted by you or any other user or third party. privacy policy our collection, use, and sharing of user information is governed by our privacy policy, which is available at https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/aboutus.html#privacy%20protection and which is hereby incorporated into these terms. social networks and other third party links the site may include features that operate in conjunction with certain third party social networking and other websites that you visit such as facebook, pinterest, instagram, youtube, and twitter. while your use of the social network features on the site is governed by these terms, your access and use of third party social networking websites themselves is governed by the terms of service and other agreements posted on those websites. you are responsible for ensuring that your use of those website complies with any applicable terms of service or other agreements. additionally, the site may contain links to third party websites (“external sites”). we provide these links as a convenience, but we do not control or operate external sites and we do not endorse the contents of any external site. we are not liable for any information, products, advertisements, content, services or software accessible through any external sites. you visit any external sites at your own risk, and you hereby fully release us and our affiliates from any damages or losses alleged to be caused by your use of or reliance on any external site or any content, products, services or other materials available therein. external sites are subject to website and privacy policies that we do not control; please review such policies closely before using any external site. product descriptions, pricing policy and risk of loss allergybuyersclub is committed to providing our customers with great quality products and the best possible prices. we only sell our products online and through our allergybuyersclub catalog and the products we offer may have limited availability. we do our best to be as accurate as possible. however, allergybuyersclub does not warrant that the product descriptions or other content is accurate, complete, current, or error-free. please be aware that variations in style, color, size, shape and look may occur. if a product offered by allergybuyersclub is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. all descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at our sole discretion. we reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. all purchases of products from allergybuyersclub are made pursuant to a shipment contract. in some cases, this means that the risk of loss and title for such items passes to you upon our delivery to the carrier. for more information on orders, shipping, returns, and other topics, please visit our faqs page at https://www.allergybuyersclub.com/aboutus.html#no%20hassle%2c%20easy%20returns. subscription services by subscribing to our emails or purchasing our products, you are authorizing allergybuyersclub to communicate with you via email. if you subscribe and/or purchase our products, allergybuyersclub may send you promotional information, such as, but not limited to, information about our products and services, special offers and sales events. you may unsubscribe from our email service by clicking “unsubscribe” on any marketing email you receive from us, or by contacting us at support@allergybuyersclub.com. from time to time, allergybuyersclub may also provide opportunities to subscribe to regularly scheduled deliveries of certain products and services (such as filters). you will select the quantity and available schedule that works for you. there are no commitments, obligations or fees and you can cancel subscriptions by logging into your account or by contacting us at 888-236-7231 or support@allergybuyersclub.com. you must contact us at least (5) business days prior to your scheduled shipment date to cancel your next delivery. if we do not receive your cancellation by such time, the upcoming order will be delivered and charged and your cancellation will take effect after such delivery. some of offer details and product pricing, may change as you receive deliveries over time (for example, product price, taxes, availability, shipping charges). we may terminate subscription services at any time without notice. if we do so, you will only be charged for orders that have been shipped to you. other details may apply – see specific order terms for other applicable details. purchases you represent and warrant that any information you provide, including payment information, is complete and accurate and that you have the right to provide such information to us for the purposes of placing your order. we use a third-party payment processor to facilitate online purchases. once a product has shipped, it is non-refundable except as set forth in our returns policies. prices offered on the site are quoted in u.s. dollars, unless otherwise specified. such prices do not include sales taxes where applicable. you are responsible for any state and local sales or use taxes that may apply to your order. this site does not provide medical advice the information contained on the site is intended to provide a broad consumer understanding and knowledge of allergy relief, healthy living, home environment solutions, sleep improvement and other allergy-friendly products for the home. the information is compiled from a variety of sources and should not be considered complete or exhaustive. information contained on the site is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding any medical condition or appropriate solutions. never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the site! reliance on any information provided by allergybuyersclub, its employees, others appearing on the site at the invitation of allergybuyerclub, or other visitors to the site is solely at your own risk. disclaimer of warranties the information provided on the sites, specific product pages and/or in our catalogues is allergybuyersclub’s best effort to highlight any available manufacturer warranty, but you should rely solely on the manufacturer’s written warranty documentation that accompanies your product purchase (the “manufacturer’s written warranty”). the manufacturer’s written warranty will provide a complete explanation of any exclusions and detail your rights and obligations regarding warranty. this documentation typically can be found in the product owner’s manual. as always, our customer service department is here to help! please contact us at support@allergybuyersclub.com. or 888-236-7231 if you have any questions. our representatives will be available to assist you with any questions you might have regarding warranty coverage or procedures and/or put you in touch with the appropriate manufacturer representative. to the extent any content on this site or information provided by our customer service representatives conflicts with the manufacturer’s written warranty, the terms of the manufacturer’s written warranty shall control. allergybuyerslcub.com and all content and products made available to you through the site are provided by allergybuyersclub on an "as is" and "as available" basis. to the full extent permissible by law, allergybuyersclub makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including as to the merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, security or accuracy. you expressly agree that use of the product is at your sole risk. limitation of liability to the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event will we, or our suppliers or affiliates, be liable for any direct, special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the site, content, or any products made or sold by or on behalf of such entities, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. if any of the damages above cannot be excluded under applicable law, in no event will our, or our suppliers’ or affiliates’, total liability exceed the amounts paid by you to us for any products you purchased. in the event of any problems regarding any products purchased by you from us, you agree that your exclusive remedy and our sole obligation will be as set forth in our return policies, subject to any additional terms set forth therein. disputes you agree that any dispute or claim arising out of your use of the site or any products or services sold or available to you on this site, including any dispute or claim as to the application, enforceability, scope, or interpretation of these terms, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. however, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these terms. to begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to allergybuyersclub pursuant to the aaa rules. the arbitration will be conducted by the american arbitration association (aaa) under its rules, including the aaa's supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes. the aaa's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa's rules. you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. we each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. we also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. applicable law by using the site, you agree that the federal arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of texas, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and allergybuyersclub. other terms these terms and any agreements or policies referenced herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter thereof and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements with regards to such subject matter. a party’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of these terms is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision will be severed from these terms and the validity and enforceability of the remainder of these terms will be unaffected. contact if you have any questions about the site, our products, or these terms, please contact us at: email: support@allergybuyersclub.com or write to us at: allergy buyers group, llc 1300 valley drive bristol, virginia 24201 sale new items gift ideas pet allergy solutions dorm room essentials why buy from us? buyers guide learning our brands email offers i need relief from... select spring allergies allergies asthma bed bugs chemicals dust mites humidity mold & mildew pet dander pollen sinuses customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations customer service faq order status - 24/7 returns shipping policy hours terms and conditions order cancellations about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews about us about allergy buyers group contact us privacy policy site security fast delivery product support ratings and reviews programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend programs patient literature medical reimbursement affiliates refer a friend sign up for email offers & news: toll free: 1-888-236-7231 | m-f 9am-7pm et, sat 11am-4pm et, sun 9am-3pm et. ©2022 allergy buyers group llc. all rights reserved. use of allergybuyersclub.com is subject to our terms of service **from time to time, allergybuyersclub offers price matching guarantees, site wide discounts and/or free ground shipping to the contiguous 48 states. we currently offer free shipping on most orders over $35 within the contiguous us. a flat shipping fee of $10.00 is charged for orders less than $35. a we do not ship to any of the 5 us territories. any available offers will be applied to your order in your shopping cart (savings code may need to be entered). advanced vapor technologies, airfree, airpura, alorair, alen, austin air, bedvoyage, blueair, crane, danby, dyson, ebac, eo essential, everyone, filterqueen, friedrich, frigidaire, kandymask, ladybug, legna, lifeair, miele, mondovap 2400, objecto, puracy, pure rejuvenation, the pure company, quietpure home, quietpure home+, quietpure whisper, royal-pedic, safe2go, sebo, the purists, up3000, us steam white tail, vapamore, whitewing defender, winix and special bundle offers are excluded from online promo codes in sitewide banner and our price match guarantee. other product exclusions or details may apply. see our shipping and delivery charges; low price match guarantee and site wide discounts; returns and cancellation or contact us via chat or 888-236-7231 for other details. 