来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231215525/http://www.ancestry.com/cs/us/videos
================================================================================

online classes sign inusername or emailpasswordsign inforgot?get helpsubscribesubscribeget helphome family trees loading...search search all recordscensus & voter listsbirth, marriage & deathpublic member treesmilitaryimmigration & travelcard catalogdna loading...collaborate recent member connect activityonline support communitymessage boardsancestry world archives projectmember directorypublic profilelearning center what's newfirst stepsnext stepsfamily history 101webinarshelp – faqfamily history wikimorepublishshophire an expertgive a gift online classes: back to top sort by date sort by name watch videousing mycanvas to print and share your family storiesdate of presentation: wednesday, january 21, 2009join us for a live demonstration of ancestry.com’s mycanvas publishing service. john pereira and stefanie condie will offer expert advice and answer questions submitted by the ancestry.com community.watch videousing mycanvas to make descendant family history books and postersdate of presentation: thursday, july 16, 2009make a lasting impression at this year’s family reunion with a descendant family tree poster or descendant-based family history book. in this hour-long webinar, you’ll learn how to create a book or poster that your relatives will be talking about long after the reunion’s over. descendant books and posters also make great birthday and anniversary gifts.watch videomilitary records on ancestry.comdate of presentation: tuesday, may 19, 2009whether the veteran in your family served in the revolutionary war 200 years ago or is serving in the current conflict in iraq, we can help you discover his or her story. in this webinar, three u.s. content specialists from ancestry.com will walk you through our collection of military records—the largest online collection of military records available on the web. besides showing you what records we have available for each of the major u.s. conflicts (e.g., revolutionary war, civil war, wwi, wwii, vietnam, korean war, etc.), they will show you some common record types, such as draft cards, muster rolls, and pension files, and teach you what information you can expect to glean about your veteran from each one. copy and paste this link in your browser to download the outline and notes on this class: http://bit.ly/boecsywatch videomaking a breakthrough in your african american researchdate of presentation: tuesday, february 24, 2009african american research poses unique challenges. that’s why ancestry.com and wal-mart have partnered up to present a free, one-hour webinar on researching your black roots. african american research specialist marjorie sholes will take you step-by-step through the process she used to trace one of her own ancestors, showing you the tips and tricks she discovered along the way. in particular, she’ll focus on how to identify slave owners to unlock the history of your slave ancestors. you’ll also learn what resources are available on ancestry.com and elsewhere to aid in your research.watch videointerviewing family: tips and techniquesdate of presentation: thursday, december 16, 2010everyone has a story to tell. find out how you can get aunt mabel and the rest of your family to tell you their tale. simple, easy and fun tips and techniques will make it a cinch.watch videohow to control your resultsdate of presentation: tuesday, 13 december 2011learn the ins-and-outs of crafting a solid search at ancestry.com as family historian and search product manager, ancestry anne, helps you control your results and teaches you how to sift through the confusion that may comewatch videogetting the most out of your ancestry.com subscriptiondate of presentation: thursday, april 08, 2010are you using your ancestry.com subscription to its full potential? get an inside look at historical records, tree-building, and search tools. discover new ways to utilize the site to discover, preserve and share your family history.watch videogetting the most out of your ancestry.com subscriptiondate of presentation: thursday, april 08, 2010are you using your ancestry.com subscription to its full potential? get an inside look at historical records, tree-building, and search tools. discover new ways to utilize the site to discover, preserve and share your family history.watch videogetting started on ancestry.comdate of presentation: tuesday, april 06, 2010new to ancestry.com? long-term genealogist and author of the ancestry weekly discovery, juliana smith, will help you find your first family member on a historical record. note: this webinar is intended for those who are new to ancestry.com but can also be used as a refresher course for more experienced users.watch videogenetic genealogy made easydate of presentation: wednesday, july 08, 2009if you discovered a dusty set of 1852 county courthouse records in your grandmother's attic, you'd take a look, right? not getting a dna test is like leaving those records unexplored--you may be missing out on amazing leads. our panel explains the basics of ancestry.com dna testing. we'll present a simple science overview, how to take the test, and the payoffs for family history. learn how: - dna testing for genealogy works--in easy terms. - to understand and apply your results to grow your tree. - ancestry.com dna testing can continue to pay off for years. - women can benefit from a paternal lineage test. - to use ancestry.com dna features: groups, transfer to tree, and ancient ancestry.watch videofirst steps: getting started at ancestry.comdate of presentation: thursday, january 13, 2011get your family history research charged for the new year in this free online class, first steps: getting started at ancestry.com. join juliana smith, editor of the weekly discovery, in this introductory course and learn how ancestry.com can assist you in your family history journey.watch videofirst steps #3: now what? how to use your discoveries to make your next big finddate of presentation: wednesday, march 09, 2011wait! that census record you just saved may hold the key your next big find. join juliana smith, editor of the ancestry weekly discovery e-newsletter to learn how to get every clue from a record. she’ll show you how to use what you find one a record to help you move back through time and unlock the stories your ancestor left behind.watch videofirst steps #2: tips for successful searchesdate of presentation: monday, february 28, 2011ancestry.com is home to more than 6 billion records in more than 30,000 collections. but what’s the best way find what you’re looking for in all that information? join juliana smith, editor of the ancestry weekly discovery e-newsletter to learn how to make the powerful search tools at ancestry.com work for you so to help you locate your ancestor, discover their stories and so much more.watch videofirst steps #1: getting started at ancestry.comdate of presentation: monday, february 07, 2011new to ancestry.com? join juliana smith, editor of the ancestry weekly discovery e-newsletter, in this introductory course and learn how ancestry.com can assist you in your family history journey. learn how to navigate the site, search for your ancestors in the more than 30,000 collections on ancestry.com, and start an online tree to organize your finds.watch videofinding your military heroes on ancestry.comdate of presentation: wednesday, may 26, 2010investigating and preserving the stories of the military heroes in your family tree is a wonderful way to honor their service. in this webinar, juliana smith, editor of the ancestry weekly discovery, will show you how to identify family members who served, determine what records are available, and find his or her story in those records. in this free one-hour class, you'll see examples of some of the records you can find on ancestry.com, get search tips, and learn how to use that information to take your family history further.copy and paste this link in your browser to download the notes for this class. http://bit.ly/boecsywatch videofinding your irish ancestors in america and irelanddate of presentation: wednesday, march 16, 2011in this two-part class, team taught by loretto “lou” szucs and eileen ó dúill, you’ll learn how to find your family in america, what you’ll need to follow them back to irish records and what tricks you can use to learn more once you get there.watch videofinding females in your family treedate of presentation: wednesday, may 12, 2010genealogists love playing detective as we solve our family history mysteries. most of us, though, have a few unsolved mysteries regarding the women in our family trees. join genealogy professional mary penner as she outlines strategies for tracing our elusive women in a free webinar, “finding females in your family tree.” her presentation, filled with tips and examples, will help you ramp up your detective skills in order to close the case on your mystery women.watch videofamily tree maker 2012 new featuresdate of presentation: wednesday, november 09, 2011this webinar will teach you about the new features in family tree maker 2012. you'll learn about treesync—the ability to link and synchronize your desktop tree with an online tree at ancestry, how to use the new blended families display option, create new charts and reports, and more. this webinar is also useful for users of family tree maker for mac – coming soon with treesync!watch videofamily tree maker 2011 new featuresdate of presentation: wednesday, september 15, 2010join our product experts as they demonstrate how to get the most out of the exciting new features available in family tree maker 2011. additionally, we will have some of our developers - the folks behind the scenes - answer some of your questions. we hope you will join us and the family tree maker community to find out more about family tree maker 2011.watch videofamily tree maker 2011 charts and reportsdate of presentation: wednesday, february 16, 2011family history is a great way to connect with your past. and family tree maker can help you illustrate your family story and share it with friends and family members. join us on wednesday, february 16th at 8:00 pm (eastern standard time) for a free webinar that focuses on creating charts and report. you'll learn how to design and print charts, run effective reports, discover what print functionalities are on each workspace, create individual and family slide shows, and more.watch videofamily tree maker 2010 new features demodate of presentation: wednesday, september 30, 2009learn about the new features in family tree maker 2010 with our product experts. join us, and we’ll show you how to make the most of your new family tree maker. additionally, we will have some of our developers from the family tree maker team to help with answer some of your questions. we encourage you to submit questions in advance by visiting our family tree maker blog. we hope you will join our team and the family tree maker community as we try to give you the tools to get the most out of family tree maker.watch videofamily tree maker 2010 advanced topicsdate of presentation: wednesday, june 16, 2010have you mastered the basics of family tree maker and you're ready to learn more? join the family tree maker 2010 team as we take you on a tour and demonstrate some of the advanced features available in family tree maker 2010 - ancestry's premium family tree software.watch videofamily tree maker 2009 new features demodate of presentation: thursday, march 12, 2009join the family tree maker 2009 team as we take you through a tour and demo some of the new features just added to family tree maker 2009 - ancestry's premium family tree software. in this webinar we will share tips and tricks to help you get the most out of these new features in family tree maker 2009. additionally, we will have some of our developers from the family tree maker team to help answer some of your questions. we encourage you to submit questions in advance by visiting our family tree maker blog. we hope you will join out team and the family tree maker community as we try to give you the tools to get the most out of family tree maker.watch videocreative gift ideas for moms, dads, & gradsdate of presentation: wednesday, april 08, 2009learn how to create meaningful, one-of-a-kind gifts that take an hour or less to make. john pereira and stefanie condie will show you how to use the mycanvas publishing service to build family tree posters, photo books and more. mycanvas makes it easy to create a mother’s day-themed photo book, a family tree poster honoring your dad’s heritage or a graduation poster celebrating an important milestone in the life of someone you love.watch videocoming to america: finding your immigrant ancestorsdate of presentation: wednesday, september 01, 2010your immigrant ancestor's trip to america is among the most compelling chapters in your family history. join juliana smith for a free online class to learn what you need to know to identify your ancestor in passenger arrival records, places to find those details, and how to discover the story of your ancestor's voyage to america in the records you find. a printable outline (pdf file) with links to collections mentioned in this class is available here: http://bit.ly/bawsbywatch videobest strategies for searching ancestry.comdate of presentation: wednesday, october 14, 2009with 4 billion records available on ancestry.com, discovering your family’s story is easier than ever. join our ancestry.com experts as they teach you the best ways to search for—and find—your ancestors.watch videoavoid traps in african american genealogydate of presentation: thursday, march 11, 2010even the most seasoned genealogist can make mistakes, especially when it comes to the complexities of african american research. world-renowned genealogy expert tony burroughs has taken wrong paths in his decades of research, but has discovered ways to avoid some common missteps. benefit from his unique wisdom and experience with ancestry.com as we present “avoid traps in african american genealogy.” this free webinar offers a once-in-a-lifetime chance to journey with one of the world’s foremost genealogists and find success as you search for your black roots.watch videoancestry world archives project: new features demo (u.s.)date of presentation: wednesday, september 09, 2009we've made a few changes! join anna and crista for a demonstration of the new features in the keying tool and to learn a few tips and tricks to improve your keying and arbitration experience. if you have questions you would like the world archives project team to answer please submit them in an email with "webinar" in the subject line to worldarchivesproject@ancestry.com. contact usancestry.com blogaffiliatesgift membershipscareersvisit our other sites:united statesunited kingdomcanada (english)canada (français)australiadeutschlanditaliafrancesverigeancestry.com corporateancestry.com europe s.à r.l.myfamily.comgenealogy.comrootsweb.comfamilytreemaker.commycanvas.commundia.comfold3.comprogenealogists.com© 1997-2013 ancestry.com | corporate information | new privacy | terms and conditions