来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231214716/https://www.ancestry.com/dna/
================================================================================

ancestrydna™ us | dna tests for ethnicity & genealogy dna test activate a kit faqs discover the family story your dna can tell. uncover your ethnic mix, discover distant relatives, and find new details about your unique family history with a simple dna test. only $99 order now no subscription required. activate a kit discover the family story your dna can tell. uncover your ethnic mix, discover distant relatives, and find new details about your unique family history with a simple dna test. only $99 ordernow no subscription required. ancestrydna—the world's largest consumer dna database. get started in a few simple steps. order your complete kit with easy-to-follow instructions. return a small saliva sample in the prepaid envelope. your dna will be analyzed at more than 700,000 genetic markers. within 6-8 weeks, expect an email with a link to your online results.note: lab processing times may be increased due to high demand. uncover your ethnic mix. when your results arrive, you'll see a breakdown of your ethnicity—and it may contain a few surprises. then, you can start learning more about the places where your family story began. see all 26 ethnic regionscovered by the ancestrydna test. connect with relatives you never knew you had. once you've taken your test, we'll search our global network of ancestrydna members and identify the people who share your dna. there's no limit to what you might discover—together. a comprehensive map of ancestrydna ethnicity regions america native american europe europe east europe west european jewish finland/northwest russia great britain iberian peninsula ireland italy/greece scandinavia africa africa north africa south-centralhunter-gatherers africa southeastern bantu benin/togo cameroon/congo ivory coast/ghana mali nigeria senegal west asia caucasus middle east asia asia central asia east asia south pacific islander polynesia melanesia your dna results are only the beginning. intriguing facts, questions and clues may pop up the more you explore with ancestrydna. with an optional ancestry membership, you can discover more stories, details and insights about these people and places in your unique family story. more people tested means more ways to connect. with more than 2 million people now in our database and the unique ability to connect with ancestry’s billions of historical records and millions of family trees, ancestrydna can help deliver the richest family stories—and solve the toughest family mysteries. “progenealogists recommends ancestrydna as an indispensable tool for family history discoveries.” kyle betit senior genealogy researcher progenealogists, an ancestry group company stories from our members lezlie kyle katherine and eric what are you? what are you? what are you?” growing up, lezlie had always encountered curiosity about her ethnicity from people she'd meet. “i probably got the question 3 to 4 times a week if i was asian or moroccan or something else,” she shared. so she jumped at the opportunity to find out through ancestrydna. and it turns out, lezlie's dna results did include african, european, and asian. “it was great because it helped confirm what i knew in my gut… with a little surprise.” start with ancestrydna so i traded in my lederhosen for a kilt.” growing up, kyle’s family was german, no doubt about it. he even grew up wearing lederhosen in a german dance troupe. but when kyle began building his family tree, he couldn’t actually find any german ancestors. “so i decided to have my dna tested, and the big surprise was we're not german at all,” he says. and soon enough, ancestry hints led him to generations of scottish ancestors. what surprises are hiding in your family tree? start with ancestrydna i thought i had married an italian?” marrying into eric's family, katherine was told of a rich italian family history—"my lineage was all vecchios and the zuccolis," according to eric. but when eric's ancestrydna results said he was only 16%, katherine took on the search and discovered an eastern european ancestor he never knew he had. katherine and eric used both ancestrydna and a family tree to solve their mystery—how will you begin your journey? start with ancestrydna ancestrydna explained. get answers to some common questions. how secure and private is ancestrydna? why would i take the ancestrydna test? what will my results tell me? can ancestrydna tell me about my native american ethnicity? how do i take the test? how large is the ancestrydna database? how long does it take to get my results? how do i see my results? what technology is behind this new service? can a woman take this test? how secure and private is ancestrydna? your privacy is important to us. we use industry standard security practices to store your dna sample, your dna test results, and other personal data you provide to us. in addition, we store your dna test results and dna sample without your name or other common identifying information. you own your dna data. at any time, you can choose to download raw dna data, have us delete your dna test results as described in the ancestrydna privacy statement, or have us destroy your physical dna saliva sample. we do not share with third parties your name or other common identifying information linked to your genetic data, except as legally required or with your explicit consent. for more information on privacy at ancestrydna, see the ancestrydna privacy statement and visit our privacy center. why would i take the ancestrydna test? ancestrydna is a cutting edge dna testing service that utilizes some of the latest autosomal testing technology to revolutionize the way you discover your family history. this service combines advanced dna science with the world's largest online family history resource to predict your genetic ethnicity and help you find new family connections. it maps ethnicity going back multiple generations and provides insight into such possibilities as: what region of europe are my ancestors from, or am i likely to have east asian heritage? ancestrydna can also help identify relationships with unknown relatives through a dynamic list of dna matches. what will my results tell me? your ancestrydna results include information about your ethnicity across 26 regions/ethnicities and identifies potential relatives through dna matching to others who have taken the ancestrydna test. your results are a great starting point for more family history research, and it can also be a way to dig even deeper into the research you've already done. can ancestrydna tell me about my native american ethnicity? the ancestrydna test may predict if you are at least partly native american, which includes some tribes that are indigenous to north america, including the u.s., canada and mexico. the results do not currently provide a specific tribal affiliation. (please note that your ancestrydna ethnicity results cannot be used as a substitute for legal documentation.) how do i take the test? ancestrydna is a simple saliva test you can do in the comfort of your own home. once you order, you will receive the ancestrydna kit in the mail in a matter of days. your ancestrydna kit includes full instructions, a saliva collection tube, and a pre-paid return mailer (so you don't have additional costs to return your dna.) after returning your sample by just dropping it in the mail, your dna is processed at the lab. you then receive an email notifying you that your results are ready to explore on the ancestrydna website. how large is the ancestrydna database? ancestrydna is the leader in dna testing for family history and includes more than 2 million people who have taken the ancestrydna test as well as the ability to access ancestry, the world's largest online family history resource, which includes millions of family trees and over 16 billion historical records. how long does it take to get my results? your ancestrydna test results will normally take about 6-8 weeks to process from the time that the lab receives your dna sample. due to high demand, results may take longer than 8 weeks. please note that you must also activate your dna kit online in order to begin processing. how do i see my results? when your ancestrydna results are ready, you will receive an email from ancestrydna notifying you, with a link to view your results. your results will also be available online in your password-protected ancestrydna account. what technology is behind this new service? the ancestrydna test uses microarray-based autosomal dna testing, which surveys a person's entire genome at over 700,000 locations, all with a simple saliva sample. additionally, the new online interface integrates state-of-the art tools for you to utilize your dna results for family history research. can a woman take this test? yes, both women and men can use ancestrydna since we all carry the dna that is being tested. in fact, men and women are tested in the same way for the same number of markers. unlike some other dna tests, which only analyze the y-chromosome (and can only be taken by a male to look at your direct paternal lineage) or mitochondrial dna (can be taken by a male or female but only looks at your direct maternal lineage), ancestrydna looks at a person's entire genome at over 700,000 locations. the leader in dna testing for family history order now the leader in dna testing for family history order now ancestrydna—the world's largest consumer dna database. get started in a few simple steps. order your complete kit with easy-to-follow instructions. return a small saliva sample in the prepaid envelope. your dna will be analyzed at more than 700,000 genetic markers. within 6-8 weeks, expect an email with a link to your online results. your dna results are only the beginning. intriguing facts, questions and clues may pop up the more you explore with ancestrydna. with an optional ancestry membership, you can discover more stories, details and insights about these people and places in your unique family story. ancestrydna privacy statement ancestrydna terms and conditionst&c informed consent faq ancestrydna privacy statement ancestrydna terms and conditionst&c informed consent faq