来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231235407/https://www.ancestry.com/c/finding-your-roots
================================================================================

ancestry® -- finding your roots skip ancestry main menu main menu hometreessearchdnaexplore subscribecartsign in hometreesloadingfamily history learning hub my trees family trees support surnames individual records search start a new tree upload a gedcom searchloadingall collections census & voter lists birth, marriage & death military immigration & travel public member trees card catalog member search dnaloadingancestrydna® activate a kit ancestrydna® learning hub dna & you traits learning hub ancestry dna support helploadingsupport center ancestry academy community hire an expert site status exploreloadinggenealogy 101 fact finding dna & you perspectives customer stories ancestry presents create & connect ancestry blog loadingsupport center ancestry academy community hire an expert site status you know their names, now get to know their stories.you know their names, now get to know their stories. you know their names, now get to know their stories. follow your favorite celebrities on finding your roots as they uncover their fascinating family histories.follow your favorite celebrities on finding your roots as they uncover their fascinating family histories. learn more or check your local listings ancestry® is proud to support this inspiring family history series. follow your favorite celebrities on finding your roots as they uncover their fascinating family histories. learn more or check your local listings ancestry® is proud to support this inspiring family history series. watch the video watch the trailer watch highlights from the new season of finding your roots with henry louis gates, jr. take a peek at the stars and stories of season 9. show additional content episode 1 hidden kin with edward norton and julia roberts episode 1 hidden kin with edward norton and julia roberts follow along as henry louis gates, jr. helps actors julia roberts and edward norton discover their hidden connections to history—and each other. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 1 hidden kin with edward norton and julia roberts episode 1 hidden kin with edward norton and julia roberts follow along as henry louis gates, jr. helps actors julia roberts and edward norton discover their hidden connections to history—and each other. show additional content episode 2 salem’s lot with claire danes and jeff daniels episode 2 salem’s lot with claire danes and jeff daniels henry louis gates, jr. takes guests claire danes and jeff daniels on a journey through primal scenes from america’s past—leading all the way back to an infamous witch hunt. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 2 salem’s lot with claire danes and jeff daniels episode 2 salem’s lot with claire danes and jeff daniels henry louis gates, jr. takes guests claire danes and jeff daniels on a journey through primal scenes from america’s past—leading all the way back to an infamous witch hunt. show additional content episode 3 secret lives with carol burnett and niecy nash episode 3 secret lives with carol burnett and niecy nash watch as dna and henry louis gates, jr. solve family mysteries deep in the past of comedians carol burnett’s and niecy nash’s families. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 3 secret lives with carol burnett and niecy nash episode 3 secret lives with carol burnett and niecy nash watch as dna and henry louis gates, jr. solve family mysteries deep in the past of comedians carol burnett’s and niecy nash’s families. show additional content episode 4 far from home with cyndi lauper, jamie chung, and danny trejo episode 4 far from home with cyndi lauper, jamie chung, and danny trejo three guests from diverse backgrounds, jamie chung, cyndi lauper and danny trejo join henry louis gates, jr. to retrace the journeys of their immigrant ancestors. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 4 far from home with cyndi lauper, jamie chung, and danny trejo episode 4 far from home with cyndi lauper, jamie chung, and danny trejo three guests from diverse backgrounds, jamie chung, cyndi lauper and danny trejo join henry louis gates, jr. to retrace the journeys of their immigrant ancestors. show additional content episode 5 rising from the ashes with brian cox and viola davis episode 5 rising from the ashes with brian cox and viola davis brian cox and viola davis, two actors who both lost track of ancestors during their deeply traumatic childhoods, finally get some answers as henry louis gates, jr. explores their roots. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 5 rising from the ashes with brian cox and viola davis episode 5 rising from the ashes with brian cox and viola davis brian cox and viola davis, two actors who both lost track of ancestors during their deeply traumatic childhoods, finally get some answers as henry louis gates, jr. explores their roots. show additional content episode 6 family: lost and found with joe manganiello and tony gonzalez episode 6 family: lost and found with joe manganiello and tony gonzalez henry louis gates, jr. unearths family secrets for nfl legend tony gonzalez and actor joe manganiello, compelling both men to reconsider their own identities. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 6 family: lost and found with joe manganiello and tony gonzalez episode 6 family: lost and found with joe manganiello and tony gonzalez henry louis gates, jr. unearths family secrets for nfl legend tony gonzalez and actor joe manganiello, compelling both men to reconsider their own identities. show additional content episode 7 chosen with david duchovny and richard kind episode 7 chosen with david duchovny and richard kind actors david duchovny and richard kind hear stories of triumph and tragedy in their ancestors’ lives, as henry louis gates, jr. traces their family trees back to jewish communities in eastern europe. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 7 chosen with david duchovny and richard kind episode 7 chosen with david duchovny and richard kind actors david duchovny and richard kind hear stories of triumph and tragedy in their ancestors’ lives, as henry louis gates, jr. traces their family trees back to jewish communities in eastern europe. show additional content episode 8 and still i rise with angela y. davis and jeh johnson episode 8 and still i rise with angela y. davis and jeh johnson renowned african american leaders, angela y. davis and jeh johnson, explore how their ancestors survived slavery, as henry louis gates, jr. reveals that their families are more diverse than they ever imagined. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 8 and still i rise with angela y. davis and jeh johnson episode 8 and still i rise with angela y. davis and jeh johnson renowned african american leaders, angela y. davis and jeh johnson, explore how their ancestors survived slavery, as henry louis gates, jr. reveals that their families are more diverse than they ever imagined. show additional content episode 9 anchormen with jim acosta and van jones episode 9 anchormen with jim acosta and van jones with the help of henry louis gates. jr., trailblazing journalists jim acosta and van jones meet the ancestors who laid the groundwork for their success, including survivors of slavery and immigrant settlers. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 9 anchormen with jim acosta and van jones episode 9 anchormen with jim acosta and van jones with the help of henry louis gates. jr., trailblazing journalists jim acosta and van jones meet the ancestors who laid the groundwork for their success, including survivors of slavery and immigrant settlers. show additional content episode 10 out of the past with billy crudup and tamera mowry-housley episode 10 out of the past with billy crudup and tamera mowry-housley henry louis gates, jr. sits down with actors billy crudup and tamera mowry-housley to explore how their ancestors experienced slavery and freedom in the new world. container is hidden by default show additional content episode 10 out of the past with billy crudup and tamera mowry-housley episode 10 out of the past with billy crudup and tamera mowry-housley henry louis gates, jr. sits down with actors billy crudup and tamera mowry-housley to explore how their ancestors experienced slavery and freedom in the new world. be the star of your own family history journey. ancestry® can help you uncover incredible details about your ancestors with the world’s largest collection of online family history records. learn more be the star of your own family history journey. ancestry® can help you uncover incredible details about your ancestors with the world’s largest collection of online family history records. learn more learn more discover award-winning programs that showcase inspiring stories, rooted in our personal and shared history.discover award-winning programs that showcase inspiring stories, rooted in our personal and shared history.discover award-winning programs that showcase inspiring stories, rooted in our personal and shared history. learn more learn more explore your own family story with a 14-day free trial. get started explore your own family story with a 14-day free trial. get started