来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231234937/http://www.bhphotovideo.com/find/Events.jsp
================================================================================

national workshops | b&h photo video b&h federal/gsa government, education & corporate students/educators espańol my account help center about us live chat the professional's source 800.606.6969 / 212.444.6615 welcome, sign out login/register 0 items - $0.00 wish list | track order go shop used dept learn indepth insights blog pro audio a/v presentation binoculars & scopes camcorders computers darkroom photography film, tapes & media lighting & studio portable entertainment surveillance tvs & entertainment underwater pro video the b&h superstore will be open on new year's day from 10:00am est to 6:00pm est home national workshops national workshops train with the world's top pro photographers and experts! the official adobe photoshop seminar tour the world’s most popular photography & adobe photoshop® seminars are coming to a city near you! it’s time to take your creative skills to a whole new level. our world-renowned instructors teach you the very latest photography, photoshop, and creative suite tips, tricks, and advanced techniques in a casual, easy-to-understand style that’s guaranteed to have you working smarter, faster, and getting better results than ever before. kelbytraining live, in association with adobe system, has been training photographers, graphic designers, and other creatives for over 15 years, hosting over 40,000 attendees annually. visit kelbytraininglive.com for cities, dates, and tour information. read more the headshot intensive the headshot intensive is designed for the photographer looking to gain beneficial knowledge from the industry leader in order to develop a new skill set when shooting people. yes, it will be geared towards headshot photography and how to derive income from an industry that is accessible to any photographer no matter how much photography experience one may or may not have. so whether photography is your full time gig or you are a passionate hobbyist who can't seem to put your camera down, this intensive is for you. read more the business behind the shutter want to take your wedding business to the next level? join sal cincotta this summer on his 25 city tour and learn everything you need to know to run a successful wedding business. sal will dig into everything from pricing your work to post production editing and workflow. sal is one of the most sought after business consultants in our industry, helping studios and photographers take their businesses to the next level. join sal this summer with his “take no prisoners” approach to the wedding business as he shares all the secrets to his success! no matter your niche or experience, you will take away priceless information! read more focus on nature focus on nature offers you thoroughly unique experiences photographic workshops, lead by world-renowned photographers, guided by local professionals, in stunningly beautiful iceland. no two workshop experiences are the same so join on one of our weeklong workshops. each class is made unique by the instructors strengths and passions, as well as being customized for individual participants. the focusonnature experience is sure to enhance and inspire your visual storytelling, digital workflow, composition, and image enhancement skills in beautiful iceland. read more national geographic traveler national geographic traveler offers three specialized seminars. the versatile travel photographer seminar features photographers ralph lee hopkins and jay dickman, who will show you how to add depth and "local color" to your travel photography. the nature & outdoor photography seminar, taught by michael melford and eddie soloway, focuses on fine-tuning your skills to make your nature photographs spectacular. catherine karnow and aaron huey lead the travel photography seminar in which you will learn the secrets of how to capture the spirit of a place and bring back images of enduring significance. the seminar on using light effectively is taught by nevada weir and dan westergren and is designed to teach you how to use whatever light you have to the best advantage. read more rocky mountain school of photography rmsp foundation workshops are dedicated to teaching you proper photographic techniques and building your skills. from learning how to correctly use your dslr in basic photography, to learning how to manage your images in lightroom for photographers, this series of courses allows you to build a rock solid foundation for your photographic future. read more d-65 d-65 digital workflow workshops teach a bullet proof technique to increase workflow, ave time and show you ways to automate, search, archive, present to clients and deliver the zillions of images you accumulate. d-65 totally immerses you in this four-day digital workflow workshop which consists of hands-on training and lectures supplemented by a comprehensive d65 digital workflow textbook. b&h customers receive a special $50 discount by using the discount code: b&h. read more maine media workshops maine media workshops is a non-profit educational organization offering year-round workshops for photographers, filmmakers, and media artists. students from across the country and around the world attend courses at all levels, from absolute beginner and serious amateur to working professional; also high school and college students. read more john paul caponigro workshops john paul caponigro presents the most creative location workshops and the most advanced fine art digital printing workshops offered anywhere. in the field, youll learn skills that will help you become more versatile and produce a unique body of work. in the lab, youll learn skills to help you unlock the hidden potential in your images and present your work in the very best light. all workshops are hands-on immersions. small groups ensure individual attention. get over 100 free lessons when you sign up for his free enews insights. read more photo quest adventures photo quest adventures offers a unique series of deluxe global photography workshops to the most photogenic corners of the world to destinations like kenya, new zealand, northern vietnam, bhutan, patagonia, south-india and tibet. pqa also conducts cutting edge flash and location lighting clinics in various cities throughout the us. pqa distinguishes themselves by offering innovative photography workshops geared for small groups to ensure individual attention. they travel and photograph places "off the beaten path" at the optimum time of the year for photography as well as schedule their daily itineraries for shooting during the perfect times of the day. pqa is dedicated to "giving back" as a sponsor of sustainable travel international read more the charleston center for photography the charleston center for photography (ccp) is a resource center and community for photographic enthusiasts and professionals. we’re an education center, rental studio, professional printer and gallery under one roof. expert instructors teach a balanced and diverse curriculum for students who vary from beginner to intermediate. our goal is to share information and expertise in an open atmosphere where photographers can nurture and further their talents. read more journeys unforgettable at journeys unforgettable in association with africa photo adventures, our vision is to combine the joys of an african safari with the passion of photography. our unique unforgettable photo adventures are specially customized to facilitate a maximum learning experience for all photography levels and at the same time enjoy the most incredible safari adventure. the trip leaders include professional photographers and local specialist guides who have lived and guided in these remote wilderness areas. read more barefoot workshops barefoot workshops is a new york city-based nonprofit organization that teaches individuals and organizations how to use digital video, new media, and the arts to transform their communities and themselves. their goal is to create responsible filmmakers who care about the world around them and who make it a point to give back to their communities. read more photoshop cafe we heard the call for better photoshop training so photoshop cafe is hitting the open road to 15 cities this summer with the hottest photoshop cs6 techniques on the planet! sponsored by adobe systems, this will be a tour unlike any you have seen before. packed with real world training from the award-winning digital imaging expert, colin smith. you will be engaged in a full-day seminar that will turbo charge your skills and energize your creativity. join us this july and august for the must-see photoshop event of the year! read more the creative design tour the creative design tour is a hands-on workshop that teaches you how to create personalized photographic art with edges, textures, borders, backgrounds, brushes, overlays, and scripts. you will learn the step-by-step process of creating beautiful, individualized portrait art for your clients with just a few simple techniques. b&h customers receive a $30 discount on tickets with discount code cdtbnh. read more sales: 800.606.6969 or 212.444.6615 customer service: 800.221.5743 or 212.239.7765 hours of operation directions to our nyc superstore why shop at b&h make your online shopping trip personal with our online live chat representatives. you can easily reach an in-house expert while browsing our site for your shopping needs. we have the most highly-trained staff in the industry who are pros in their fields, and their professional expertise will help you get the most from your purchase. place your domestic order with us for shipment via any ups, fedex economy, or fedex priority shipping methods by 4 pm et monday through thursday or 11 am et friday and your order will be shipped that day. visit our shipping delivery times page for further details. delivery times are subject to payment verification. we appreciate your purchase from us, and we understand that sometimes the products you buy don't turn out to be the right choice for you. we guarantee your peace of mind with our 30-day return policy. with no standard restocking fee and few restrictions, you'll enjoy a return process as easy as shopping with us. please visit our return policy page for further details. we've made shopping convenient with our mobile site and iphone, ipad and android mobile apps. use filtered search to find and purchase almost any item we sell and ship worldwide. download product manuals and guides for many popular items. see high-resolution product images in close-up detail. manage wishlists and view order history. visit our mobile apps page for downloads and directions. we commit to providing extraordinary service before and after you purchase from us. you can arrange to return your order easily online, and if you need help with the products you purchased or would prefer to arrange your return by phone, you can contact our agents at 1.800.221.5743 or live chat online. our in-house customer service staff will work to resolve any issues to your satisfaction in a friendly and professional manner. our extensive selection and business relationships allow us to make deals that we convert to savings for you. your savings start with our low competitive prices and continue with the free shipping we offer on many popular items, and our pros prepare discounted product kits of solutions for your needs. sign up for our e-mail newsletters to get the latest specials along with guides and videos by our experts. shopping with us from another country is as easy as shopping at home. our website displays costs in your currency at the current rate of exchange, and you can pay all taxes and import fees through b&h if you live in canada, brazil and the european union, we guarantee the final price. portuguese speakers enjoy a custom site in their language, and our multilingual experts speak your language when you visit our nyc superstore. prev. next. thank you for joining the b&h email list! sign up for b&h news and special offers sign up the email address you entered was an invalid email. manage your existing subscription see sample newsletter help contact us track/request a return return policy unsubscribe from catalog unsubscribe from email shipping & delivery payments all help topics choose currency us dollar australian dollar brazilian real british pound canadian dollar euro israeli shekel japanese yen mexican peso nz dollar swiss franc us dollar international language: english spanish english brasil site shipping payments customs company information about us ny superstore the event space national workshops reviews & awards imaging partners affiliate program career opportunities b&h resources shop by brand manufacturers directory sourcebooks & catalogs b&h gift card browse our winter 2014 interactive catalog send us your feedback view our mobile site please note that b&h does not process web orders from friday evening to saturday evening. weekend hours mcafee secure - tested daily cybertrust - secured website bbb - accredited business recommend follow youtube g+ © 2000-2013 b & h foto & electronics corp. 420 9th ave, new york, ny 10001 privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer export policy california privacy rights site map prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms nyc dca lic.: elec. store #0906712 elec. & home app. serv. deal. #0907905; sec. hd. deal. gen. #0907906 close close close please enable javascript for your best b&h experience.