来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231174926/http://www.bhphotovideo.com/find/HelpCenter/AboutUs.jsp
================================================================================

about us | b&h photo video expedited shipping on orders over $49 b&h shop holiday gifts & deals › 2014 gift cards extended returns shipping cutoffs b&h federal/gsa government, education & corporate students/educators español my account help center about us live chat the professional's source 800.606.6969 / 212.444.6615 welcome, login/register sign out login/register 0 $0.00 your cart is currently empty you have 0 items in your cart qty: view cart & begin checkout wish list | track order go shop used dept explora pro audio a/v presentation binoculars & scopes camcorders computers darkroom photography film, tapes & media lighting & studio mobile security & surveillance tvs & entertainment underwater pro video home about us about us the world of b&h 40th anniversary the professional's source history shopping channels nyc superstore online shopping & chat phone mail and fax beyond retail used corporate accounts government institutions educational institutions international customer education installations showrooms product information social media our philosophy inventory pricing courtesy expertise staff training by department in house no commission diversity industry leader press quotes pro quotes partners loyally serving our customers since 1973 back to top b&h would like to thank you, our valued customers, who have supported us and helped establish us over the past four decades. we are truly grateful to you for recognizing us as "the professional's source". watch scott kelby's video tribute to b&h our roots the husband-and-wife partners ('b. and h.'), opened their original namesake shop with one employee, in lower manhattan, in 1973. they sold film, cameras, and processing materials. what started out as a small storefront and black and white ads in photography magazines, grew into our larger store at 17th street which attracted a loyal customer base of photo, video, and audio professionals. in the early days of mail-order, when few could be trusted, b&h developed a reputation for honesty and genuine products, and the business grew by word of mouth. b&h's business continued to grow into the diverse and engaging company we are today, serving customers worldwide on our popular and highly rated website and at our 34th street "superstore". b&h circa 1973. © b&h photo. all rights reserved. our guiding principles we are committed to providing you with extraordinary service before, during, and after your purchase from us. you are invited to call us, chat with us, or visit us at our superstore, where we are happy to serve and assist you every step of the way. our sales professionals have many years of prior experience in their respective fields. b&h maintains a formal training department to help keep them up to date with the latest technologies and products, so that we can answer every question to your satisfaction. our staff is at your disposal, always happy to offer advice based on experience and knowledge. our customers count on us to maintain ample stock of our industries' full product lines, from highly popular brands and products to obscure, hard-to-find accessories and solutions, to satisfy their diverse professions and requirements. and finally, on our website, our mobile apps, our call centers, and at our store, we are committed to always providing you the fair and competitive pricing you have come to expect from b&h. b&h employee in action. © b&h photo. all rights reserved. our pledge to you online, through our call centers, or at our superstore in new york city, our goal is to support you and provide you with the best solutions for your specific professional or personal needs. whether you are a first-time buyer or a seasoned professional customer, we are here to serve you. b&h photo strives continually to give you unbiased, honest, and accurate information to help you make the right decision when purchasing from us. we look forward to continue to earn your confidence and your trust. ... scott kelby's tribute to b&h. © b&h photo. all rights reserved. scott kelby thanks b&h scott kelby, world-renowned photographer and photography educator, recalls his first encounter with our sales professionals, and congratulates b&h on its 40th anniversary. > watch on youtube the professional's source professionals in the world of imaging rely on the professionals of b&h for their equipment needs. we have experts ready to give courteous service with a phone call, a click of the mouse or a personal visit. our superstore pays tribute to the wealth of possibilities available for photography, videography and other media industries. we make the wonders of technology available through our complete lines of photo, video, audio, lighting, pro accessories, computers, data storage, optics, entertainment, projection and surveillance devices, to which we add a wonderful, personal experience for professionals, hobbyists and consumers alike. history we opened our original storefront in 1973. our reputation for extensive inventory and intelligent conversation about photography began with our first customer. we grew from a small photography shop in manhattan's financial district to a major supplier of photo, video and audio equipment on 17th street, with customers returning again and again for our low pricing and high reliability. the new millennium's explosion of affordable technology for pros and consumers alike brought new lines of computers, home entertainment, and consumer devices, as we moved to our superstore on 34th street and opened our cyber-doors at www.bhphotovideo.com. we continue to expand to meet your needs with showrooms, classes, educational and social media, and more. shopping channels the choices we offer let you shop with us easily. nyc superstore our superstore offers the visceral pleasure of a sight and touch shopping experience. we put our cameras, videocameras, audio gear, lighting aids, computers, and other gadgets out on display - not only for you to see, but to touch and test as you wish. at b&h, you play with your purchase before you pay. from camera lenses to laptops, from strobe lights to sound systems, explore our store's stock of more than 60,000 items under the caring guidance of our expert staff. our conveyor system delivers the boxes from the basement and allows you to wander our store unencumbered, as your purchases are sent to the front payment area for pickup when you're finished shopping. take a tour inside our store using google maps store view. online shopping & chat our highly-rated website and apps offer shopping at your leisure. our industry experts prepare the comprehensive product information you will find on our site, and within a minute of selecting live chat they will be available as personal guides for your cyber-shopping trip. your shopping and product inquiries can be made by email as well. we combine the personability of a storefront with the convenience of a web retailer. our site moves fast, our staff move even more quickly when responding to you, and our same-day shipping options move your order out the door with immediacy. phone enjoy our personal touch while shopping from your phone. b&h professionals will guide you through our selection and find the right solution for you. don't just call and place an order, take full advantage of their expertise with a discussion of your equipment needs. their conversation will leave you wiser, and their recommendations will happily surprise you. mail and fax while we add new technology, we haven't forgotten the old. we continue to accept orders by mail or fax, and we expedite those orders as quickly and securely as through any other channel. beyond retail we offer a wide range of useful services. used our reputation for reliability is your guarantee when we appraise and sell used equipment. as one of the largest retailers of used gear in the industry, we sell a wide range of refurbished, returned, discontinued and trade-in items. we do not only sell, we buy from you as well. convert your used merchandise to cash for your next purchase with us. our quick and easy quote and appraisal process and the wide range of bargains we inspect and rate make our used department a favorite of students and professionals on a budget. corporate accounts we make it as easy as possible to establish an account at b&h. we require minimal paperwork on our end, and our teams of personal account managers will serve your business needs in every way possible. your team will help you with establishing a line of credit, purchasing, customer service, and any other needs you have. most importantly, our account managers have the technology expertise of our staff of industry professionals at their fingertips. government institutions we serve a wide range of federal, state and local government entities through special pricing and gsa contracts. our gsa website offers customers gsa pricing and federal discounts, and highlights product groups that are of particular interest to government agencies. educational institutions our programs for educational institutions, faculty and students are a great support for any bastion of knowledge and any media curriculum. many universities, school districts and k-12 schools receive special pricing from b&h. our free edu advantage membership provides access to discounts from b&h and our vendors for students and faculty, with a dedicated website for shopping and learning. international we will reach you wherever you are on the globe. we are a world-wide provider of equipment, and we offer many tools for the international shopper. you can pay the full, final cost of your order through b&h, using our tariff calculator to add up and pay your vat, import duties and taxes. your order will be delivered without any additional charges. our foreign language sites and catalogs for non-english speakers bring our selection to your doorstep. customer education we keep you informed about technology through continuing education. the event space offers classes on a wide variety of industry subjects in our superstore, and recordings of these classes are available online as well. our indepth knowledge center is a depot of guides, tech news and reviews written by our pros, and our insights blog brings you the experience of professionals in the industry. we offer video guides for new products and techniques produced in house and in partnership with kelby training, and we sponsor shows like chase jarvis live with inspiration, motivation and tips. installations if we sell it, we can install it anywhere in new york state. our team of experienced installation engineers will build anything you need on location. home entertainment rooms, photography studios, broadcast systems, video production lines - our product inventory and your imagination are the only limits. showrooms our superstore showrooms take you a step further than our hands-on displays. the mic room carefully balances sound to test an array of 60 microphones and 26 preamps. the sound room lets you test systems and speakers, and the digital living room presents multiple entertainment solutions. the studio connects production, post-production and broadcast systems of high-end media, allowing for testing, live demos and comparison of studio solutions. product information our product information team ensures our website is the one-page stop for discovery. we test beyond the manufacturer's specifications for accuracy, and our pros describe each product's use and potential and recommend fitting accessories. the customer reviews are created by people like you who use the product. trust us, trust fellow customers, and satisfy your need to know. social media our online presence grows along with the online photo and media community. we are active in many online forums, providing advice and solving customer issues. follow us on our facebook pages where we bring the imaging community together for news, advice and contests. follow our twitter streams for customer support and technology news. follow our tumblr blog for highlights of curiosities in imaging. join our b&h flickr group for people who share your passion for photography. our philosophy our customers gave us a reputation early on for keeping our word, and that trust continues no matter our growth. our commitment to you focuses on four criteria. inventory we can satisfy your imaging needs, as we carry everything from highly popular products to obscure accessories and solutions. our only concern is having the item you need when you need it, even if it's rarely needed or no longer carried by other retailers. we track our total inventory of nearly 300,000 items tightly, and if a product is listed as being in stock, you can be sure we have it available for you. pricing we review our offerings regularly to make sure our prices are competitive, if not the lowest available. our extensive selection and business relationships allow us to make deals that we convert to savings for you. if you have an issue with our price on any product, please discuss it with one of our salespeople via live chat or by calling 1.800.606.6969. if you know of a better price elsewhere, our associates will do their best to find a way to serve you. courtesy we commit to providing extraordinary service before and after you purchase from us. we value your contact with our associates, as we expect them to provide you with a great experience. you're invited to call them, chat with them, or visit in person - they're waiting to serve you. our staff will graciously give you the time needed to discuss your product needs and welcome you with the warmth of our imaging family. expertise many of our staff are experts in their own right, having worked in their fields before joining us. we have recruited hundreds of photography professionals to work at b&h along with audio and video pros, who continue their involvement in industry groups through b&h and on their own. we place them at your disposal to offer advice based on working in the field for hundreds and thousands of hours. staff highly trained. professionals in their fields. our staff is dedicated to offering you the right solution. training b&h associates spend more than 25% of each month in equipment training, in addition to their own experience as photographers, videographers and media creatives. our technology courses teach the science behind each type of gear we carry and techniques for each artistic discipline the gear is used for. our product training brings manufacturer representatives to demonstrate the use of newly arriving items. our experts extend their experience to train each other as well, sharing new technologies and ideas among themselves. talk to our pros to find out the latest in equipment development. by department we aren't a conglomerate dedicated to pushing products for the company's benefit, with our sales staff lumped together as one. our teams are divided by equipment group, allowing you to take advantage of their expertise in specific areas of technology. our department groups include professional, consumer and hobbyist grade for photo, video, audio, lighting, computers, home and portable entertainment, and other optical and media sections. in house we believe in housing our staff at our main location. outsourcing doesn't allow for careful supervision and training, and we won't tolerate any decrease in service that outsourcing might bring. when you chat with a sales or customer service representative they're sitting right here in our new york city offices, where we can ensure high quality service. no commission to keep our staff focused on your needs, we don't pay commission. we believe that it's good for us to focus on what's best for you. don't be surprised if your salesperson tries to bargain you down to a less expensive selection that suits your needs. diversity b&h hosts an incredibly diverse group of people, and our many cultures and languages lend color to our business. in addition to the knowledge benefits of shopping with us, patronizing b&h will prove to be a multicultural experience. industry leader don't take our word for it, believe our happy customers, industry pros and the press. press quotes inc. magazine called us a "first-class consumer electronics retailer." new york daily news wrote that we're "famous for stocking the rarest of items." the new york times praised our "ubiquitous presence on camera-oriented forums." new york magazine listed our used equipment trade-in as the place "where trash becomes scratch." the huffington post called us "a true specialty superstore." pro quotes photo guide writer ken rockwell was impressed that we're "far more concerned with keeping customers happy." partners we partner with napp, vimeo, pdnonline, maine media workshops, kelby training and more to provide you with great deals, photo opportunities and continuing education. sales: 800.606.6969 or 212.444.6615 customer service: 800.221.5743 or 212.239.7765 hours of operation directions to our nyc superstore why shop at b&h make your online shopping trip personal with our online live chat representatives. you can easily reach an in-house expert while browsing our site for your shopping needs. we have the most highly-trained staff in the industry who are pros in their fields, and their professional expertise will help you get the most from your purchase. place your domestic order with us for shipment via any ups, fedex economy, or fedex priority shipping methods by 4 pm et monday through thursday or 11 am et friday and your order will be shipped that day. visit our shipping delivery times page for further details. delivery times are subject to payment verification. we appreciate your purchase from us, and we understand that sometimes the products you buy don't turn out to be the right choice for you. we guarantee your peace of mind with our 30-day return policy. with no standard restocking fee and few restrictions, you'll enjoy a return process as easy as shopping with us. please visit our return policy page for further details. we've made shopping convenient with our mobile site and iphone, ipad and android mobile apps. use filtered search to find and purchase almost any item we sell and ship worldwide. download product manuals and guides for many popular items. see high-resolution product images in close-up detail. manage wishlists and view order history. visit our mobile apps page for downloads and directions. we commit to providing extraordinary service before and after you purchase from us. you can arrange to return your order easily online, and if you need help with the products you purchased or would prefer to arrange your return by phone, you can contact our agents at 1.800.221.5743 or live chat online. our in-house customer service staff will work to resolve any issues to your satisfaction in a friendly and professional manner. our extensive selection and business relationships allow us to make deals that we convert to savings for you. your savings start with our low competitive prices and continue with the free shipping we offer on many popular items, and our pros prepare discounted product kits of solutions for your needs. sign up for our e-mail newsletters to get the latest specials along with guides and videos by our experts. shopping with us from another country is as easy as shopping at home. our website displays costs in your currency at the current rate of exchange, and you can pay all taxes and import fees through b&h if you live in canada, brazil and the european union, we guarantee the final price. portuguese speakers enjoy a custom site in their language, and our multilingual experts speak your language when you visit our nyc superstore. prev. next. thank you for joining the b&h email list! thank you for joining the b&h email list! sign up for b&h news and special offers sign up speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more. the email address you entered was an invalid email. create a b&h account manage your existing subscription see sample newsletter help contact us track/request a return return policy unsubscribe from catalog unsubscribe from email shipping & delivery payments all help topics choose currency us dollar us dollar australian dollar brazilian real british pound canadian dollar euro indian rupee israeli shekel japanese yen mexican peso nz dollar swiss franc international language: english spanish english brasil site shipping payments customs company information about us ny superstore the event space national workshops reviews & awards imaging partners affiliate program career opportunities b&h resources shop by brand manufacturers directory sourcebooks & catalogs b&h gift card browse our winter 2015 interactive catalog send us your feedback view our mobile site please note that b&h does not process web orders from friday evening to saturday evening. weekend hours mcafee secure - tested daily norton secured - powered by symantec bbb - accredited business recommend follow youtube g+ © 2000-2014 b & h foto & electronics corp. 420 9th ave, new york, ny 10001 privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer export policy california privacy rights site map prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms nyc dca lic.: elec. store #0906712 elec. & home app. serv. deal. #0907905; sec. hd. deal. gen. #0907906 close close close please enable javascript for your best b&h experience.