来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231120259/https://www.bhphotovideo.com/find/HelpCenter/Policies.jsp
================================================================================

policies | b&h photo video other b&h sites - gov, edu & corp. b&h main site federal marketplace students & educators government, education & corporate read 800.606.6969 / 212.444.6615 help live chat the professional's source since 1973 free nyc store pickup ready within the hour >> free shipping on most orders over $49 hello, log in sign in login/register my account 0 my cart log into your account log in create a b&h account my account my orders wish list sign out my account my orders wish list notifications photography computers pro video lighting pro audio mobile tvs & entertainment camcorders surveillance optics & outdoor audio-visual used specials specials & rebates see all specials > 1 deal out of details extended returns most orders* over $49 qualify for . orders placed after 4pm on weekdays will not ship until the next business day. orders placed after 11am fridays will not ship until the following monday. faster shipping methods may be available; just upgrade during checkout. *some exclusions apply. close enjoy extended returns thru feb 1, 2017! you have until feb 1, 2017 to return or exchange items purchased between nov 1, 2016 and jan 1, 2017. all other standard return policy conditions apply. close shipping location enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time. update unrecognized zip code help center helping customers for over 43 years get help now policies warranties pricing policy usa grey market privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer < help center warranties & manufacturers all items sold by b&h are warranted solely by the manufacturer/distributor, except "direct import"-a.k.a. imp-items. all items requiring repair (other than imp) should be sent to the manufacturer/distributor directly for service. we are not liable if the manufacturer/distributor fails to perform warranty service. for imp items only, we provide a warranty identical to the provisions and limitations of the manufacturer's warranty for such items, with the exception of the time period, which is equal to the term of the manufacturer's warranty or one (1) year, whichever is less. your warranty card and/or sales slip must accompany all items. used equipment is covered under a 90-day parts and labor warranty for film photo and a 30-day warranty for video (excluding heads), audio and digital photography equipment. there is no implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose on any item sold by b&h. b&h will not be responsible for any consequential or incidental damage resulting from the sale or use of any merchandise purchased from us. b&h's liability is limited to the monetary value of the merchandise. brand & manufacturer contact information canon 800-828-4040 www.usa.canon.com fujifilm 800-800-3854 www.fujifilmusa.com square trade 877-927-7268 www.squaretrade.com san disk 866-726-3475 www.sandisk.com support@sandisk.com sony 800-828-4040 www.sony.com panasonic 800-405-0652 www.panasonic.com epson 800-463-7766 www.epson.com manfrotto 201-818-9500 480-940-1103 repairs www.manfrotto.com nikon 800-645-6678 www.nikonusa.com olympus 888-553-4448 www.olympusamerica.com hp 800-752-0900 www.hp.com kodak 800-235-6325 www.kodak.com samsung 800-726-7864 www.samsung.com pentax 800-877-0155 www.pentaximaging.com gopro 888-600-4659 gopro.co apple 800-275-2273 www.apple.com {{noresults}} {{filteredcontacts.length}} results {{ contact.name }} distributed by - {{ contact.distributer }} tel: {{ contact.tel }} or {{ contact.tel2 }} website {{ contact.url }} email {{ contact.email }} supplier diversity program b&h started as the quintessential small business-a mom and pop shop-and even though we have grown into an industry leader, we still adhere to the precepts our success was built on: customer service, education (for salespeople as well as consumers), extensive inventory and amazing prices. what's more, we are committed to the ongoing success of small businesses everywhere. we are enthusiastically dedicated to establishing associations with vendors of all sizes and stripes, including: women-owned small businesses hubzone small businesses small disadvantaged businesses veteran-owned small businesses service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses if your company is a supplier offering products or services that you believe would be beneficial to b&h and our customers, we'd love to hear from you. feel free to contact our small business liaison office at smallbusiness@bhphoto.com. pricing policy why no price? from time to time, we enter into minimum advertised price (map) agreements with select suppliers in order to pass along certain benefits to our customers. according to these agreements (details vary from vendor to vendor) we can sell an item for any price, but we may not advertise that item for an amount less than the minimum advertised price, which is set by the supplier. in exchange, we get advance notice about newly released products and early shipments, as well as favored status with the world's best brands. while we abide by our map agreements, we always ensure that you pay the lowest price. payment verification occasionally we may ask you to verify that you're the card owner or that order and ship-to information are legitimate. this verification process is for your protection, rarely delays an order, and generally requires either a simple phone call (which can be done after business hours) or fax communication. if your order requires verification, we will advise you by phone or email. this is why it's important that you provide multiple contact phone numbers when ordering and that you keep your information current. it is also important that you understand what we mean by bill-to information on the checkout process. the bill-to address is the address to which your bank mails your monthly credit card statement. the bill-to address you give us must agree with the address that the card-issuing bank has on file. please be sure you provide the correct information, even if the items are to be shipped to a different location. we regret that they are even occasionally necessary, but these steps are designed to safeguard against credit card fraud and identity theft. sales tax local sales tax: when an order is shipped within new york state, the law requires that local sales tax be added to the order total, including any shipping charges. purchases in our store are subject to an 8.875% local sales tax. this tax is not a vat and cannot be recovered by non-usa visitors when returning home. we do not collect taxes on orders shipped out of new york state. tax exemptions government, education, nonprofit organizations, public charities, churches and other religious organizations usually qualify for tax-exempt purchases. once approved, customers may make tax-exempt purchases on behalf of their organizations online. to apply for a tax-exempt account, please call the open accounts department at 800.708.5444 or 212.239.7760 ext. 7149. apply for tax exempt status usa grey market products what are grey market products? most products we carry are covered under warranty from the manufacturer or from a manufacturer's licensed importer. we may also sell some products obtained from sources other than the manufacturer or its licensed importer--these are "grey market" products. grey market is not illegal, not factory seconds, not demo merchandise, not cheaper or inferior quality. in fact, in almost every instance, a grey market product is absolutely identical to its usa-warranted counterpart. grey market items are manufactured in the same factories from the same components and sub-assemblies, to the same specs and tolerances, by the same workers, as their usa-warranted counterparts. in terms of the item itself (excepting pal video; see below) there is no difference at all. for example: a grey market nikon 50mm f/1.4 d-af lens is exactly the same in every possible way as a usa-warranted version. "grey market", "direct import" and "imported" refer to the same thing. what is the difference? in most cases the difference between a usa product and a grey market or imported product is the cost of the item and the terms of its warranty coverage. the products themselves are otherwise identical. as a rule, grey market items cost less than their usa counterparts. grey market products never qualify for manufacturer's rebate programs. what kind of warranty is available? for imp items only, b&h provides a warranty identical to the provisions and limitations of the manufacturer's warranty for such items, with the exception of the time period, which is equal to the term of the manufacturer's warranty or one (1) year, whichever is less. your dated b&h sales receipt is all you need to obtain warranty coverage from b&h for a grey market product purchased from us. should you experience a problem with a usa-warranted product, it can be sent to any of the manufacturer's authorized service facilities for servicing (and some even to any worldwide authorized service facility, depending on the brand). a "direct import" or grey market item would have to be returned to b&h if it required in-warranty service. for film cameras, lenses and speedlights, a product with a usa warranty should be reciprocally warranted by the manufacturer's service centers worldwide. we do not sell any grey market still-digital cameras at this time. a resident of the usa may wish to make the buying decision based on price since the cost of shipping to a us service center or to b&h should be about equal. a non-usa resident should consider the cost of returning a product to b&h in new york for servicing as opposed to the cost of taking the product to a local warranty service center. why offer "direct import"? direct import or grey market items often cost less than comparable usa imports. there are also items sold at b&h that are not otherwise available in the usa through normal distribution channels. pal (phase alternate line) video equipment video equipment sold in the usa, canada, mexico and japan is designed to record and play back video images at 525 lines-per-frame at 60 frames-per-second. this is commonly known as an ntsc format (national television standards committee). b&h also sells video equipment that is set to record and play back video using the european broadcast standard (pal) of 625 lines-per-frame at 50 frames-per-second. pal and ntsc are not interchangeable recording formats. any video equipment we sell that's designed to record video in the european (pal) format is only available in the usa as grey market and as such does not include a factory-authorized warranty. for pal-format video products, b&h includes a 90-day warranty. what about film? we also sell film from both usa and grey market channels. there is no difference between the imaging qualities of similar film stocks. pricewise, the grey market products cost less than their usa counterparts. * imported - film made outside the usa and imported for us. this may also be referred to as grey. * usa - film manufactured in the usa or overseas and imported for domestic distribution. smartphones some smartphone manufacturers do not distribute new, factory-unlocked smartphones in the usa, so we import them from countries where they are sold. all grey market phones are brand new and factory unlocked. our grey market smartphones are backed by a 1-year b&h warranty. these devices may be set to a foreign language menu by default, requiring the user to manually select their desired language in the smartphone's settings. likewise, the included manual may also be in a different language. many manufacturers offer the option of downloading manuals directly from their websites, with multiple language options. while these devices are designed for global use, the included ac adapter is specific to its intended region. it is recommended that customers purchase an ac adapter that is compatible with their own region's power requirements. if you have any questions regarding our grey market smartphones, please feel free to contact our sales or customer service departments. privacy & security this policy was last updated on august 8, 2016. security: please note: the following only applies to b&h's main website (www.bhphotovideo.com) but not to our blog "b&h explora" (www.bhphotovideo.com/explora). the security of your personal information is very important to us. in an effort to protect your personal information, we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology with 256 bit encryption. if your browser supports ssl (most current browsers do), it will automatically encrypt the information you provide to us on the secure pages on our site, before sending it over the internet. b&h has obtained a digital certificate from cybertrust, a leading provider of internet trust services. b&h's website is also tested and certified daily by scanalert to receive its hacker safe certification which ensures that the website passes the fbi/sans internet security test. when visiting a page on our site that includes any of your personal information, the bottom of your browser window will display an icon of a closed lock or an unbroken key (depending upon your browser). this indicates that you have successfully connected with our secure server. to authenticate the security of your connection before submitting any of your personal information, you can double-click on the icon to display our digital certificate. some browser versions and some firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers. in that case, we suggest that you visit the b&h super store, or contact us by phone, or fax your order to us. cookies: when you visit our site, we will ask your browser to place a permanent "cookie" (a very small text file) on your computer. if your browser is configured to accept cookies, it will accept the cookie and place it on your computer's hard drive. we collect this information to analyze where our customers are coming from and how often they visit our site. we also collect certain technical information from your computer, like your ip address and the address of a referring web site, if any. this information will allow us to enhance our site to match our customer's preferences. this information is used only for the benefit of b&h and you, our customer. you can visit our site without cookies if you choose to do so. however, please be aware that some features of the site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. to visit our site without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set. check the browser's help menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. registration: in order to identify who you are, we suggest that you register and log in when you visit our site. this allows us to provide you with your "order status" and other information that is uniquely yours. right to access/correct your information: you have the right to access all the personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain, and can do so by phoning 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615, mailing (420 ninth avenue, new york, ny 10001, usa), or contacting us by e-mail. we use this procedure to safeguard your information. to protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. you can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error. if you place an order with a ship-to address that differs from your bill-to address, we retain this information as well. you can modify or correct this information by following the procedure described above. such information is used at your request to ship purchased merchandise and may also be used for marketing purposes, but will not be sold to any third parties. what information is collected: when you choose to place an order with us, you are invited to log in (optional), so that we can identify who you are. as a newcomer, it will be suggested that you register for future identification. the registration page asks you to enter your name, a user id, a password and your email address. you can update this information at any time by clicking on the "my account" link at the top of every page and selecting "update account information." placing an order: when you decide to place an order, you are asked to complete an order form. the order form requires your name, billing and shipping addresses, credit card number, expiration date and cid#. you should also include other information fields such as your telephone number, to allow us to contact you regarding your order if necessary. this information is collected to make your shopping experience with us as smooth and pleasant as possible. it is used only for the benefit of b&h and you, our customer. links: our site contains links to manufacturers and other related sites for your benefit. b&h is not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of such websites. if you click on one of these links, you will be redirected to their website and, in doing so, you may provide information directly to them. therefore, you should refer to their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information and what choices are available to you. relationships/sharing information: b&h maintains special relationships with a number of secure business partners. for your security or benefit, when you make a purchase, we may share information about you and the transaction with other companies for many reasons including verification, fraud prevention, credit card authorization, us government policy compliance and shipping purposes. we also may be required to disclose an individual's personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. b&h may share account or other information when we are required by law (e.g., in response to subpoenas, court orders, etc.) or to protect our interests or property. this may include sharing information, at b&h's discretion, with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to export compliance, fraud, credit or debt collection. you agree that b&h may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud and export compliance checks. personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference, fraud prevention agency or us government agency, which may keep a record of that information. b&h also shares information with outside companies that perform services for b&h. for example, when a customer signs up for our email newsletters, b&h will provide the customer's email address to third party email distribution companies that transmit emails on behalf of b&h. your email address will not be used by these companies for any purpose other than for the transmission of emails for b&h. we may retain outside companies to assist us in managing our customer information database or to update and correct customer information for future marketing purposes. b&h takes steps to ensure the confidentiality of your information and to make sure it is not used for other purposes. b&h has carefully selected a few companies to assist us in better understanding how our customers use our site. we will place cookies on your computer to collect information. the information that is collected through these cookies tells us things, such as which search engine referred you, how you navigated around our site, which pages you browsed, what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and emails. the companies analyze the information they collect from our site and return it to us through a secure connection. we use this information to help us understand your interests in our site and how to better serve you. it also helps us provide you with more personalized product offerings. in case of onward transfer to third parties of data of eu individuals received pursuant to the eu-us privacy shield, as fully detailed below, b&h is potentially liable. for more information about the companies with whom b&h shares customer information, please contact us. us-eu privacy shield b&h complies with the eu-us privacy shield framework as set forth by the us department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from european member countries. b&h has certified that it adheres to the privacy shield principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability. if there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield principles shall govern. to learn more about the privacy shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit: www.privacyshield.gov or www.commerce.gov/privacyshield european citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact b&h at: legal department b & h foto & electronics corp. 440 ninth avenue new york, new york 10001 phone: 212-239-7500 web: www.bhphotovideo.com email: legal@bhphotovideo.com in compliance with the eu-us privacy shield principles, b&h commits to resolve complaints under the eu-us privacy shield principles bbb eu privacy shield, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the united states and operated by the council of better business bureaus. if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/eu-privacy-shield for more information and to file a complaint. please note that if your complaint is not resolved through the above-mentioned channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a privacy shield panel. us-swiss safe harbor b&h complies with the us-swiss safe harbor framework as set forth by the us department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from switzerland. b&h has certified that it adheres to the safe harbor privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. if there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the safe harbor privacy principles, the safe harbor privacy principles shall govern. to learn more about the us-swiss safe harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit: www.export.gov/safeharbor/ in compliance with the us-swiss safe harbor principles, b&h commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact b&h at: legal department b & h foto & electronics corp. 440 ninth avenue new york, new york 10001 phone: 212-239-7500 web: www.bhphotovideo.com email: legal@bhphotovideo.com b&h has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the us-swiss safe harbor to an independent dispute resolution mechanism operated by the council of better business bureaus. if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/eu-privacy-shield for more information and to file a complaint. b&h is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the federal trade commission ('ftc'). use of information: we may use your information in a number of ways, including the following: in order to serve you better, we may combine the information you provide us online, in our superstore and through our catalogues. we use that information to improve your overall shopping experience. to improve the content on our website. for example, we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site or our products are visited most often. to enhance your online shopping experience. for marketing and promotional purposes. mail & spam issues: you may request the b&h catalogue and brochures by mail or email to periodically receive notification of specials that may be of interest to you. b&h will never spam or send unsolicited materials based on information collected at our site. registrants may opt out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request. please contact us via email, by telephone 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615, by fax 212-239-7549, or via mail (420 ninth avenue, new york, ny 10001. enclose a copy of the mailing label). include your name, address and other information as it appears on the mailing label and indicate "do not mail". our commitment to children's privacy: we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, nor is any part of our website structured to attract anyone under 13. if security or privacy is still of concern to you: if you do not want to receive promotional email from b&h, please click here note: once you have submitted your request you should assume that it has been successfully received and your request is being processed. please allow us a reasonable period from when the request was received to complete the removal. our transaction security, combined with our privacy guarantee, should satisfy your concerns regarding online ordering. keep in mind, however, that you have a number of alternate choices available for doing business with b&h: 1.	you can order online without sending your credit card number over the internet. just complete our online order form, print and fax it to us. 2.	if you prefer, you can always call 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 to place your order by telephone. 3.	we encourage you to visit the b&h midtown manhattan superstore and deal directly with one of b&h's professionally trained sales associates. if you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact our web support team. changes to b&h privacy policy: by visiting our site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site. california privacy rights if you are a california resident, you have the right to receive: (a) information identifying all third-party companies to whom b&h may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company's direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. to obtain this information, please email your request. please allow 30 days for a response. mobile terms & conditions the short code 22634 is used by b&h photo to promote news alerts. you may opt-in by submitting the keyword "bhphoto" to 22634. 4 msgs/mo. message & data rates may apply.for additional information, text "help" to short code 22634. you may opt-out at any time by sending stop to short code 22634. contact us at cs@bhphotovideo.comsupported carriers are at&t, u.s. cellular, verizon wireless, sprint, cricket, boost and t-mobile.privacy policyb&h photo respects your privacy. we will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose. we will only use information you provide to transmit your text message. nonetheless, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property. when you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with the service, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. you agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. if we, in our sole discretion, believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we may refuse you access to the service and pursue any appropriate legal remedies. user agreement & disclaimer please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this site. access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. please review these terms and conditions on a periodic basis, as they are subject to modification, alteration, or update at any time and at the sole discretion of b&h. if you do not agree to any term or condition, you should not use this site. i. copyright notice :this world wide web site and all of its content, including but not limited to the text and images used herein and their arrangement, is copyright �1997 - 2016 b&h foto and electronics corp. ii. trademarks notice:b&hphoto-video.com, b&h, b&h photo-video, b&h photo-video pro-audio, the professional's source and all other b&h names, businesses, and products referenced herein are trademarks or registered trademarks. all other products and company names referenced herein, if any, may be the trademarks of their respective owners. b&h does not authorize the use of any trade name, trademark, registered trademark, logo, or any copyrighted material referenced herein for any purpose whatsoever, including non-commercial applications. iii. restrictions on use: in consideration of being allowed to use the website, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach: collecting information about the website or users of the website without our written consent; modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in the website, without our written consent. using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor the website or any portion thereof; accessing or using the site for commercial or competitive purposes; disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the website. impersonating another person; distributing viruses or other harmful computer code; allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use the website; using the website for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, international laws using the website in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the terms of use. iv. third party sites: b&h may from time to time provide links and pointers to internet sites maintained by third parties ("third party sites") and it may from time to time provide materials from third parties on this web site. these third party sites and any third party materials are provided for your convenience only. b&h does not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services available on these third party sites and b&h is not responsible for their content. b&h makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of these sites and the fact that b&h has provided a link to such sites is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by b&h with respect to such sites, its services, the products displayed, its owners, or its providers. you access these sites at your own risk. v. disclaimer: there are certain risks in using any information, software, or products found on the internet; and b&h cautions you to make certain that you completely understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon, or purchasing anything via the internet. visitors to this web site assume all responsibility and risk for the use of this web site. information published on this web site is provided without charge as a convenience to visitors, to be used for informational purposes only. nothing in this web site constitutes a recommendation or endorsement of any item, product or brand. although reasonable care has been taken with regard to this site's content, b&h does not warrant or represent that this site's content is accurate, complete, or up-to-date, nor does it warrant or represent that access to and use of this site or the server which makes it available will be uninterrupted, error-free, and free of computer viruses or other harmful components. the content of this site may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors for which b&h assumes no responsibility. all of the materials provided herein, including all of the materials available on third party sites, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, b&h disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. vi. limitation of liability: b&h is not responsible for any infections, contaminations, delay in operation or transmission, line failure, errors, omissions, interruptions, or defects arising out of your use of this site or with respect to the material provided and/or contained on this site. in no event shall b&h be liable for any special, direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, or any other damages of any kind, resulting from whatever cause, including but not limited to loss of use, loss profits, or loss of data, whether in an action under theories of contract, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in any way in connection with the use of or inability to use the information or materials on, or accessed through, the b&h web site. notwithstanding the above, in no event shall b&h's total liability to you for any and all claims, damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amounts paid to b&h by you in connection with the transaction claimed by you to give rise to your claim. vii. communications and submissions: all personal data transmitted to b&h over the internet pursuant to placing an order, logging in or registering an account, such as name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number and payment information, shall be treated as confidential information. however, any communications or other materials which you submit to b&h, this web site, or to explora (including, but not limited to, e-mails, reviews or other postings relating to products, experiences, suggestions or other subject matter) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary submissions. all submissions made to public areas, such as product reviews, are not subject to our privacy policy. you may post reviews, comments, and other content, and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of spam. you may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. b&h hereby reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit content for any reason at its sole discretion. by transmitting or posting any submissions to b&h or to this web site you grant b&h and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use the content of such submissions for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the rights to reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. you also grant b&h and its affiliates and sublicensees the right, at their sole discretion without obligation to do so, to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. you further agree that the license granted herein includes all of the rights to use or authorize the use of any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such submissions for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products or services incorporating such information. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content of your submissions; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate any terms of this user agreement and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify b&h or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. you agree that neither b&h nor its licensees will be liable to you for any use of any submission. b&h has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any submissions you submit to b&h or this web site and further agree that you, not b&h, have full responsibility for the content of any such submissions, including their legality, reliability and appropriateness. viii. jurisdiction and choice-of-law: b&h operates this web site from its offices located in new york, new york, in the united states of america. b&h makes no representations that the materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. those who choose to access this web site from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. this agreement, and any dispute, which arises from and out of this web site, shall be construed with the laws of the state of new york. any legal action regarding this agreement or this web site shall be brought only in either the state or federal courts located within the city of new york, new york and by using this site you consent to personal jurisdiction within these courts. ix. inquiries: if you have any questions regarding any portion of this agreement, or if you wish to inquire, regarding rights of use not explicitly granted herein, please direct questions via email to websupport@bandh.com. x. termination: b&h or you may terminate this agreement at any time. you may terminate this agreement by destroying all materials obtained from this web site. b&h may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this web site. xi. integration: this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and b&h and supersedes any prior oral or written arguments, understandings, or other communications between parties. this agreement may not be modified except in writing signed by both you and an authorized signatory of b&h. xii. international shipping: some manufacturers including sony and yamaha restrict us from selling some of their products outside the united states. xiii. other: the headings in this agreement are for reference purposes only and have no legal effect. if any portion of this agreement is void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this agreement shall remain in effect. one or more patents may apply to this web site, including without limitation: u.s. patent nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142. xiv. export disclaimer: items we sell are subject to u.s. export control laws and regulations, including the export administration regulations and the international traffic in arms regulations, and may require a license or other authorization from the u.s. government to be exported from the united states. without limitation, parties purchasing from b&h are solely responsible for determining applicable export licensing requirements and for obtaining any licenses or other authorizations from the appropriate agencies of the u.s. government that are necessary for exporting items from the united states, such as the u.s. department of commerce or the u.s. department of state. xv. canadian customers shipping via purolator: canadian customers shipping via purolator are required to agree to the following statement: by ordering goods from b&h photo, i hereby authorize a licensed canadian customs broker chosen by b&h photo to act as my agent, and to transact business with canada border services agency (cbsa) to clear my merchandise, account for applicable duties and taxes, to return merchandise to b&h photo and prepare and submit refund claims on my behalf for any merchandise that i return. i understand that cbsa will send any refund of duties and taxes that were paid on the returned merchandise to the broker, and that i will obtain the refund directly from b&h photo. in this connection, i also authorize the customs broker to endorse any refund cheque issued by cbsa in my name, so that b&h photo can be reimbursed. xvi. mobile terms & conditions | privacy policy terms & conditions: the short code 22634 is used by b&h photo to promote news alerts. you may opt-in by submitting the keyword "bhphoto" to 22634. 4 msgs/mo. message & data rates may apply. for additional information, text "help" to short code 22634. you may opt-out at anytime by sending stop to short code 22634. contact us at cs@bhphotovideo.com. supported carriers are at&t, u.s. cellular, verizon wireless, sprint, cricket, boost and t-mobile. privacy policy: b&h photo respects your privacy. we will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose. we will only use information you provide to transmit your text message. nonetheless, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property. when you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with the service, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. you agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. if we, in our sole discretion, believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we may refuse you access to the service and pursue any appropriate legal remedies. customer service 800.221.5743 sales & expert advice 800.606.6969 live chat email us store info hours of operation store pickup nyc superstore map & directions payment payment options b&h gift card rewards program student discounts business leasing shipping free shipping order status shipping options delivery times store pickup policies warranties & manufacturers pricing policy usa grey market products privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer returns returns & exchanges policy about b&h b&h profile career opportunities imaging partners sponsored events b&h podcast used & collectibles return & warranty sell your gear resources explora edu advantage corporate sales event space contact the manufacturer international where we ship policies & pricing customs, taxes & other fees foreign currency canada shipping students & edu advantage approval process eligibility requirements becoming a member sales & expert advice 800.606.6969 or 212.444.6615 contact us live chat customer service 800.221.5743 or 212.239.7765 shippingfree expedited shipping for most orders over $49 returnsshop with confidence easy 30-day return policy gift cardsthe gift that never expires event spaceexpert b&h events and presentations language english spanish currency us dollar us dollar australian dollar brazilian real british pound canadian dollar chilean peso chinese yuan colombian peso euro hong kong dollar indian rupee israeli shekel japanese yen mexican peso nz dollar norwegian krone singapore dollar south korean won swedish krona swiss franc help track/request a return unsubscribe from catalog unsubscribe from email payments all help topics international worldwide shipping payment options customs and vat company information about us the event space national workshops reviews & awards affiliate program supplier diversity program career opportunities b&h resources shop by brand manufacturers directory sourcebooks & catalogs browse our winter 2017 interactive catalog send us your feedback more helpful links   +  ¯ sign up for b&h news and special offers thank you for joining the b&h email list! thank you for joining the b&h email list! sign up the email address you entered was an invalid email. speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more. create a b&h account manage your existing subscription see sample newsletter deal zone alerts weekly b&h newsletter enjoy the b&h mobile shopping experience ipad & iphone app ios app android phone & tablet app android app the mobile website mcafee secure - tested daily norton secured - powered by symantec bbb - accredited business recommend follow © 2000-2016 b & h foto & electronics corp. 420 9th ave, new york, ny 10001 privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer export policy california privacy rights site map we close every friday evening to saturday evening for shabbos. weekend hours prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms nyc dca lic.: elec. store #0906712 elec. & home app. serv. deal. #0907905; sec. hd. deal. gen. #0907906 close close close please enable javascript for your best b&h experience.