来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231200844/https://www.bhphotovideo.com/find/HelpCenter/International.jsp
================================================================================

international | b&h photo video press ‎↵ enter‎ for accessibility for blind people who use screen readers press ‎↵ enter‎ for keyboard navigation press ‎↵ enter‎ for accessibility menu accessibility close accessibility b&h for b2b, gov, students & more b&h main site federal marketplace students & educators government, education & corporate read 800.606.6969 help about us live chat the professional's source since 1973 free nyc store pickup ready within the hour >> free shipping on most orders over $49 used explora all hello, log in sign in login/register my account 0 my cart log in to your account log in create a b&h account my account my orders wish list sign out my account my orders wish list notifications photography computers pro video lighting pro audio mobile tvs & entertainment camcorders surveillance optics audio-visual more... used specials specials & rebates see all specials > 1 of deals today extended returns thru feb 01, 2021 nyc superstore pickup within  minutes enjoy extended returns thru feb 01, 2021! you have until feb 01, 2021 to return or exchange items bought after oct 19, 2020. all other standard return policy conditions apply. close shipping location enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time. update unrecognized zip code help center return an item chat now contact us store hours 10am - 7pm et today international where we ship policies & pricing duties & taxes payment canada shipping < help center where we ship some products cannot be shipped through the mail. we ship around the globe. please check below to acquaint yourself with any exceptions and conditions that may apply to your location. we currently do not ship to iran, sudan, cuba, syria, north korea and uganda. non-usa customer service argentina0800.333.0326 brazil0800.891.5877 india000.800.100.3327 mexico001.866.806.9070 u.k.0808.234.7276 uruguay000.416.203.7505 venezuela0800.100.2714 non-usa fax numbers brazil0800.891.0320 india1.800.22.8008 all others011.212.239.7742 live chat españolhaga clic aqui portuguêsclique aqui email españolhaga clic aqui portuguêsclique aqui internationalclick here b&h ships most international packages with dhl express. shipping fees are calculated on a combined basis of weight, value (for insurance purposes), and destination. some orders are shipped in multiple parcels. we do not add additional fees to your order if we ship in multiple parcels. dhl mail is also available for many destinations. dhl mail is a hybrid service from dhl that delivers to many international countries. the final delivery from this service is by the postal service of that specific country. select special order items may be shipped to us from our supplier before being shipped to you. oversized items that don't fit parcel services standards will be shipped via an international freight forwarder via door-to-airport or door-to-door service, depending on your location. the carrier will call you to inform you of your delivery method. fees & shipping cost your country's import duties, taxes and fees are never included in the item and shipping totals. for these fees, please refer to our duties & taxes section. original outbound shipping costs are nonrefundable. item restrictions before completing any purchase, please check all product specifications ("specs" tab) to make sure you're choosing compatible items that will work in your country. in addition, please confirm that your country's import rules and regulations will allow you to import the item you're purchasing. manufacturer or government restrictions occasionally oblige us to block certain products from shipping outside the usa. we have a special pal video equipment category for countries that use the pal system. manufacturer's rebates may not be valid for merchandise shipped outside the usa. refused or returned deliveries if an order is refused or returned to us due to inaccurate or incorrect address information or because it was declined or undeliverable, b&h reserves the right to retain the original shipping/handling fee and to charge the payment method originally used for costs we incur related to the return of the undeliverable packages or merchandise to us. signature & ordering deadline all orders are shipped "signature required" upon receipt. international orders received before 7am eastern standard time (gmt -05:00) will be shipped the same day. to avoid higher than normal shipping and duties charges, orders containing multiple items will be consolidated in one location prior to shipping. your order may be delayed by an extra business day. we will notify you via email, if your order will be delayed. stock exceptions due to the complexities of export regulations and international shipments, all special orders will be delivered to our warehouse and then shipped to you. this enables b&h to better support your shipment during transit. attested documents certain countries require your order's documents to be attested by the chamber of commerce. in the event that you need attested documents there will be a $50 usd fee per document requiring a signature along with a shipping charge to send you the documents. rebates manufacturer's rebates may not be valid for merchandise shipped outside the usa. please check the information in your cart to confirm pricing. multiple items to avoid higher than normal shipping and duty fees, orders containing multiple items stored in different warehouses will be consolidated at one location prior to shipping. therefore, your order may be delayed by an extra business day. we will notify you via email if your order will be delayed. policies & pricing international pricing & payment options all non-us currency amounts displayed are estimates provided for general information purposes only. we do not guarantee the accuracy of any foreign currency information. the final amount shown in your cart is in us dollars. the estimated product price does not include customs, duties and/or taxes. your credit card company may charge you a conversion fee. any charges or refunds to your credit card will be issued in us dollars. refund amounts may be more or less than the purchase price due to fluctuating exchange rates. paypal credit, google checkout™ and mail-in rebates are not available for international purchases. international orders are charged as soon as you click "place order". for shipments to russia, the maximum order value (including shipping charges) is 5000 rubles per shipment. returns and replacements if you return a product to us, you will become the exporter from the destination country. that title and any risk of loss transfer to us upon our receipt of the merchandise (any purchased item and its accompanying free items). shipping carriers will assist you in recovering your duties and taxes for a fee. please contact shipping carriers directly to initiate this service. privacy your privacy is important to us, and we strive to exceed your expectations for secure data. nevertheless, cross-border shipments are subject to inspection by customs authorities. we may also be called upon to provide certain order, shipment and product information to our international carriers. carriers may communicate such information to customs authorities for the purpose of facilitating customs clearance and compliance with local laws. rebates manufacturer's rebates may not be valid for merchandise shipped outside the usa. please check the information in your cart to confirm pricing. duties, taxes, customs & other fees international orders are generally subject to local import duties and taxes (vat). b&h offers the convenience of handling these fees on your behalf for specific countries and for many items. if your order qualifies for this option, it will be presented to you during the checkout process. in some cases by adding the item(s) to your cart and indicating to which country you are shipping, you can see applicable duties and taxes. if none are shown, you will still need to check with that country as to their regulations regarding duties and taxes. if you opt to pre-pay, we will collect and pay any local import duties and taxes on your behalf. by choosing this service, you authorize b&h to charge any additional import duties, vat or taxes to the original payment method. you also authorize us to charge any subsequent delivery fee resulting from incorrectly identifying your delivery location as a business vs. residential address to the original payment method. if you decline our pre-payment service, b&h cannot be responsible for, nor can we offer, any specific advice regarding any customs-related fees that you may incur. for specific information, please consult with your local government import office. we collect local sales tax (8.875%) on purchases made in our nyc superstore and corresponding percentages in any state requiring sales tax collection on remote purchases. sales taxes are not vats and cannot be recovered by non-usa visitors upon returning home. brokerage the goods will be imported by a locally approved/licensed agent on behalf of the consignee/ebuyer. the consignee authorizes b&h photo video to delegate the obligation to import the goods on their behalf to a subcontractor (e.g. customs broker). when you place an order for shipment internationally, you are authorizing the customs broker designated by us or our contractor to act as agent on the importer's behalf (whether the importer is you or another person) to clear, report, and account for the imported merchandise and remit all applicable duties, fees and taxes arising from such importation, on behalf of the importer in accordance with all applicable legal requirements. this authorization does not preclude and may still require the consignee to complete a written poa directly with the customs broker. the consignee will pay the taxes and duties in addition to the purchase price of the goods. click here for information about sales tax / tax exemptions non-usa currency payment & currency all orders are charged when you click "place order". paypal credit and mail-in rebates are not available payment options. all transactions on our website are calculated in us dollars (usd) even when using our website's currency converter. please review your financial institution's policies when making purchases in usd as there may be extra charges incurred from the transaction. in the unfortunate event that a credit will need to be issued it also will be calculated in usd. return currency conversion will also be calculated at the current currency price and may cause a change from the original local currency paid. non-usa currency disclaimer all non-us currency amounts displayed are estimates provided for general information purposes only. we do not guarantee the accuracy of any non-usa currency information. the final amount shown in your cart is in us dollars. the estimated product price does not include customs, duty fees and/or taxes. your credit card company may charge you a conversion fee. any charges or refunds to your credit card will be issued in us dollars. refund amounts may be more or less than the purchase price due to fluctuating exchange rates. tax exemptions government, educational institutions, non-profit organizations, public charities, churches and other religious associations usually qualify for tax-exempt purchases. once approved, customers may make tax-exempt purchases on behalf of their organizations. to apply for a tax-exempt account, apply online today. if you have received a tax-exempt customer code, please log in and start enjoying your benefits. canada free shipping to canada on most orders over $99 usd most orders over $99 ship free to canada! the $99 order total is calculated after all rebates and bundle discounts have been applied. gift cards, freight charges, duties and taxes do not count towards the qualifying order total. transit time is up to 7-10 days. orders must be prepaid to qualify for free shipping. certain merchandise is excluded from this offer based on item characteristics. pst (provincial sales tax) all orders are imported to canada as casual goods and are subject to a provincial sales tax (pst). if you are claiming reimbursement of pst from the cbsa (canada border services agency), you may need to submit a b3 customs form with your request. please contact our customer service department to obtain help procuring this documentation. canadian shipping b&h offers free shipping to canada via ground service. we offer our customers the option of either ddp (delivered duties paid) or ddu (delivered duties unpaid). with ddp – duties and taxes will be collected by b&h photo and transmitted to the carrier with proper documentation to clear into canada. we will collect an amount that's equivalent to the duties, taxes and other applicable cross-border fees along with your merchandise. with ddu – the carrier will contact you to collect duties, taxes and other applicable cross-border fees directly. b&h has negotiated with carriers for a minimal fee to cover clearance charges. we will provide carriers with all proper documentation before shipping. with ddu only – you also have the option to clear your order with a different licensed brokerage house. please inform the carrier as soon as they make contact; they will hand over the package to your appointed broker with all relevant documentation. please note that with your selection of ddp or ddu, the carrier may need to obtain your verbal consent and/or require a signature on a poa (power of attorney) or your bn (canadian business number) to clear your order through the cbsa. fedex ddp shipments legal notice: please note that for ddp shipments of merchandise to canada, the canadian purchaser/recipient of the merchandise is the importer of record (the “importer”) and is responsible for complying with all canadian laws and regulations for importing such merchandise into canada. when you place an order for shipment to canada, you are authorizing a canadian customs broker designated by us or our contractor to act as agent on the importer’s behalf (whether the importer is you or another person) with canada border services agency (“cbsa”), to clear, report, and account for the imported merchandise with cbsa and remit to cbsa all applicable duties, fees and taxes arising from such importation, on behalf of the importer in accordance with all applicable canadian legal requirements. shipping fees your country's import duties, taxes and fees are never included in the item and shipping totals. for these fees please refer to our duties & taxes section. shipping cost original outbound shipping costs are nonrefundable. item restrictions before completing your purchase always confirm your items are compatible and will work in your country. also you need to confirm your country's import rules and regulations will allow you to import the item you are purchasing. manufacturer or government restrictions occasionally oblige us to block certain products from shipping outside the usa. payment & currency all orders are charged when you click "place order." paypal credit and mail-in rebates are not available payment options. all transactions on our website are processed in us dollars (usd), even when using our website's currency converter. please review your financial institution's policies when making purchases in usd, as there may be extra charges incurred from the transaction. in the unfortunate event that a credit will need to be issued it will also be returned in usd. any return currency conversions will be performed at present-day currency rates, and so may result in adjustments to the original local currency paid. signature & ordering deadline all orders are shipped "signature required" upon receipt. international orders received before 7am eastern standard time (gmt -05:00) will be shipped the same day. rebates manufacturer's rebates may not be valid for merchandise shipped outside the usa. please check the information in your cart to confirm pricing. multiple items to avoid higher than normal shipping and duty fees, orders containing multiple items stored in different warehouses will be consolidated at one location prior to shipping. therefore, your order may be delayed by an extra business day. we will notify you via email if your order will be delayed. stock exceptions due to the complexities of export regulations and international shipments, all special orders will be delivered to our warehouse and then shipped to you. this enables b&h to better support your shipment during transit. attested documents certain countries require your order's documents to be attested by the chamber of commerce. in the event that you need attested documents there will be a $40 usd fee per document requiring a signature along with a shipping charge to send you the documents. customer service 800.221.5743 sales & expert advice 800.606.6969 live chat email us request callback store info hours of operation store pickup nyc superstore map & directions payment payment options b&h gift card rewards program student discounts business leasing sales tax / tax exemptions shipping free shipping order status shipping options ordering deadlines store pickup policies warranties & manufacturers pricing policy usa grey market products privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer returns returns & exchanges policy about b&h the b&h story career opportunities imaging partners sponsored events b&h podcast used department return & warranty sell your gear resources explora edu advantage corporate sales event space contact the manufacturer international where we ship policies & pricing customs, taxes & other fees foreign currency canada shipping students & edu advantage approval process eligibility requirements becoming a member sales & expert advice 800.606.6969 or 212.444.6615 contact us live chat customer service 800.221.5743 or 212.239.7765 shippingfree expedited shipping for most orders over $49 returnsshop with confidence easy 30-day return policy gift cardsthe gift that never expires event spaceexpert b&h events and presentations language english spanish currency us dollar us dollar australian dollar brazilian real british pound canadian dollar chilean peso chinese yuan colombian peso euro hong kong dollar indian rupee israeli shekel japanese yen mexican peso nz dollar norwegian krone singapore dollar south korean won swedish krona swiss franc help track/request a return unsubscribe from catalog unsubscribe from email payments sales tax / tax exemptions all help topics international worldwide shipping payment options customs and vat company information about us the event space tech corner national workshops reviews & awards affiliate program supplier diversity program career opportunities b&h resources shop by brand manufacturers directory send us your feedback more helpful links   +  ¯ sign up for b&h news and special offers thank you for joining the b&h email list! thank you for joining the b&h email list! sign up the email address you entered was an invalid email. speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more. create a b&h account deal zone alerts event space manage existing subscriptions see sample newsletter other b&h sites student advantage b2b corp. govt. & edu. federal marketplace great customer service america's best customer service list-newsweek great experience america's best online shops-newsweek norton secured - powered by symantec bbb - accredited business accessibility statement b&h apps b&h mobile site © 2000-2020 b & h foto & electronics corp. 420 9th ave, new york, ny 10001 privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer export policy california privacy notice we close every friday evening to saturday evening for shabbos. weekend hours prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms nyc dca lic.: elec. store #0906712 elec. & home app. serv. deal. #0907905; sec. hd. deal. gen. #0907906 close close close please enable javascript for your best b&h experience.