来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231181055/https://www.bhphotovideo.com/find/HelpCenter/Payments.jsp
================================================================================

payments | b&h photo video press ?? enter? for accessibility for blind people who use screen readerspress ?? enter? for keyboard navigationpress ?? enter? for accessibility menub2b, gov, students & more news, tips & reviewsabout usthe professional's source since 1973accessibilitylive chathelp800.606.6969hello, log inaccount & ordersmy cart photography computers pro video lighting pro audio mobile tvs & entertainment drones & camcorders surveillance optics audio-visual more... used specials home help center payments help center returns return an item 30-day return policy your order order status shipping & delivery store info hours of operation directions & parking payments payment options b&h rewards program international do we ship to you? customs & taxes can't find what you're looking for? contact us payments payment options b&h payboo credit card b&h gift card b&h rewards program price match student discounts business leasing international sales tax/tax exemptions < help center payment options credit card we accept credit card accounts of 16 digits or less: mastercard · visa · discover · american express · jcb · china union pay · diners club international · b&h payboo credit card. customers with usa billing addresses will not be charged until the order is processed for shipping. however, a credit card authorization hold occurs at the time the order is placed. credit card customers with non-usa billing addresses will be charged in full at the time of purchase. credit card payment declined? there are several reasons that might explain why: the amount of the transaction exceeds the account's available credit limit. the card on file was either renewed or voided and is no longer active. the credit card account number contains more than 16 digits. the issuing bank has not released the initial authorization, even though b&h has already voided it and started the process of reversing the auth. if this is the case, it can take up to 72 business hours for the funds to be put back into a customer's account. please contact your bank to request that they remove the credit card authorization or to find out why they are declining the charge. if you believe any of the above issues are preventing your order from being completed, please reach out to your bank for further instructions and directions. if you require additional support, please reach out to customer service via email, live chat or phone at 800.606.6969. check/money order to pay by check or money order, please first place your order by phone at 800.952.3386. (us customers only). mobile ewallet app, paypal & paypal credit we accept payment via paypal & paypal credit online only. we accept apple pay in our nyc superstore and on ios devices and apps only. we also accept google pay in our nyc superstore and on android devices and apps only. payments processed using such apps will be charged immediately (as opposed to when your order ships). paypal credit may only be accessed from within your paypal account. if you have not yet merged the two, need to create an account, or wish to learn more, please visit paypal. please note: paypal payments cannot be combined with other payment methods (excluding b&h gift cards). before attempting to complete an order using apple pay or google pay, please be sure to log in to your account with the appropriate credentials. we do not accept echecks (bank account payments) via paypal unless you have a valid credit card attached to your account (for backup purposes). paypal may therefore ask you to add a valid credit card to your account for you to complete your order with us. wire transfer to pay via wire transfer, please place your order over the phone at 800.606.6969. please send a copy of your receipt to [email protected]. additional bank fees that may apply are the sole responsibility of the customer. the b&h order number must be noted on the wire transfer in order to ensure the proper application of funds to your transaction. account name: b&h photo-video account number: 4125966952 bank name: wells fargo bank, n.a bank address: 420 montgomery san francisco, ca 94104 aba number: 121000248 bic code: wfbius6s chips participant: aba 0407 b&h gift cards check your b&h gift card balance gift/reward card # pin check balance card number is required invalid card number invalid card number pin number is required invalid pin number invalid pin number card / pin invalid balance {{balance}} exp. date {{expirationdate}} can't find your gift card/rewards points number? we can help you find it. just call 800.221.5743 or start a live chat. how to use your gift card b&h gift cards never expire and can be used to complete purchases online, over the phone, via fax or in our nyc superstore. web: enter the gift card number and pin located on the back of the card when checking out. phone: mention you have a gift card to the phone operator, and give them the card number and pin. in-store: if you have an electronic gift card, bring a copy of your email and show the cashier. order a b&h gift card via: email us mail egift cards will be emailed to the recipient within an hour of purchase. choose from a number of different designs, including holiday themes. physical gift cards will be shipped free via us mail, and usually arrive in 5-7 business days. terms and conditions egcs (electronic gift cards) cannot be resold, transferred for value or redeemed for cash. the risk of loss and title to the egcs passes to you when we electronically transmit the egcs to you or to the intended recipient of the egcs. we are not responsible if egcs are lost, stolen, destroyed or used without your permission. b&h will have the right to close accounts and request alternative forms of payment if a fraudulently obtained egc is redeemed and/or used to make purchases on our website. limitation of liability: b&h makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to gift cards, including without limitation, any express or implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. in the event a gift card code is nonfunctional, your sole remedy, and our sole liability, shall be the replacement of such gift card. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. b&h reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time in its discretion. all terms and conditions are applicable to the extent permitted by law. there's no expiration date and there are no fees. using the egift card is a safe way to make your purchases at b&h. each egift card is associated with a unique card number along with a personal identification code (pin). if you experience any issue with using your gift card, please contact our customer service department during business hours at 800.221.5743 or 212.239.7765. or you can email us anytime at [email protected]. any merchandise that is purchased with a gift card can be returned (subject to our return policy); a replacement gift card will be issued for the exact amount of the purchase. purchases will be deducted from the card until the balance reaches zero. this card can be used in combination with other payment methods. the b&h gift card is redeemable for merchandise only and is not transferrable. it may not be redeemed for cash. it will not be replaced if lost or stolen. gift cards can be combined with multiple forms of payment use only the amount you wish on your purchase! if you have a $100.00 gift card and only want to apply $30.00 of the gift card value while charging the remaining amount to your credit card, you have the freedom to do so. you can also use multiple gift cards together on the same order. this maximizes your payment choices. check your b&h rewards balance check your b&h rewards balance gift/reward card # pin check balance card number is required invalid card number invalid card number pin number is required invalid pin number invalid pin number card / pin invalid balance {{balance}} exp. date {{expirationdate}} can't find your gift card/rewards points number? we can help you find it. just call 800.221.5743 or start a live chat. how it works when you sign up for a b&h account, you're automatically enrolled to earn back a percentage on gear you love. every time you buy a qualifying item, we'll email you a unique 16-digit rewards points number. you don't have to lift a finger! how to claim your rewards you must be logged in (not a guest) to qualify for rewards points. during checkout, enter your rewards number to apply your discount. rewards points expire 6 months after their issue dates. rewards points cannot be applied retroactively. not all items earn points. to check your rewards balance, use the tool above, visit the my account section, or call 800.221.5743. each rewards points qualifying order is associated with a unique number and personal identification number (pin). online order 1. log in 2. enter rewards points number and pin under payment method during checkout. 3. enter the exact dollar amount you'd like applied to the order. phone order 1. call us and place your order. 2. mention that you'll be using your rewards points along with any other forms of payment. 3. provide your rewards points number & pin. nyc superstore 1. bring a printout or electronic copy of your rewards points email with you to the store. 2. select your items and proceed to the checkout counter. 3. present your rewards points email along with any other forms of payment. terms and conditions the b&h rewards program ("program") applies only to products ("qualifying products") listed as participating in this program on the b&h foto & electronics corp. ("b&h") website or catalog. customers purchasing qualifying products will receive points equal to the percentage of the purchase price ("rewards"). approximately forty (40) to sixty (60) days after a qualifying product has shipped (the "issue date"), rewards will be automatically converted to a promotional code eligible for use as a credit on purchases from b&h. tax, shipping & handling and any other fees are not eligible for rewards points. customers must be logged in to their consumer accounts on the b&h website, www.bhphotovideo.com, to participate in this program. purchases through accounts on the b&h federal/gsa, government, education, corporate and students or educators web portals are not eligible for this program. promotional codes are only valid for use for six months after their issue date. this program is valid for a limited time only and b&h may cancel or modify it at any time. rewards or promotional codes cannot be converted to cash, either directly or indirectly, and may not be transferred or sold. qualifying product purchases, which are returned by customers, will result in the subtraction of the value of the rewards or promotional code(s) from the customer's account, or the return, whichever is applicable. any discount or price adjustment, including but not limited to an adjustment resulting from a price match inquiry, may result in the value of the rewards for this item being reduced by the amount of the price adjustment or eliminated entirely, at b&h's sole discretion. this program is void where prohibited by law or otherwise and it may not be combined with other offers. violation of any of these terms and conditions will result in disqualification from participation in this program and the invalidation and forfeiture of any rewards or promotional codes. student discounts the b&h edu advantage program is a free educational discount program for college-level students and educators, offering discounts on a wide variety of products. it is completely free to enroll and membership is good for 2 years, with the option to renew if eligible. once you've created an account, you will have access to our edu advantage website where you can view discounted pricing for items in our program. apply now still have questions? contact us. about edu advantage it's free! easy online registration process for students (teachers please contact us) discounted prices on thousands of products renewable 2 year membership access to experienced professionals who can answer all your product questions dedicated edu advantage website fast and free shipping on most in-stock items directly from our warehouse online class supply list tools eligibility requirements you must be a current college student or college educator at an accredited college or university in the usa. approved independent programs are also accepted. provide a copy of your current, valid, school-issued id (if requested). provide a copy of your current curriculum, class schedule or transcript (if requested). must be a usa resident or have a usa shipping address. how to apply complete the b&h edu advantage membership application. upload, email or fax copies of your school id and current class schedule, if requested. once your application has been approved, you can immediately start shopping! teachers, please contact us for assistance. approval process register for an edu account. submit correct documents, if requested. we verify your information. within about 24 hours your account should be approved. typically, approval is immediate, however if you apply after business hours or over the weekend, your application will be processed at the start of the next business day. you will receive your edu account number automatically through email or upon request (please contact us) frequently asked questions what is edu advantage? edu advantage is a free discount program for college-level students and educators. why should i sign up?for students: when you sign up, you become eligible for all available student discounts. you are also able to view your school class supply list and purchase the items you need directly from our website. plus, you will enjoy our selection of over 400,000 products, and our friendly and knowledgeable sales staff, which makes b&h not only "the professional's source" but "the students source" as well. your teacher can create your class supply list by registering on our website as an educator. for teachers: you, too, can take advantage of all the student discount pricing as an educator. you can also easily create a class supply list with our class supply list tool. you can share this list with your students and make shopping for school supplies even easier. how long will it take?account approvals usually come through within about 24 hours of application. typically, approval is immediate, however if you apply after business hours or over the weekend, your application will be processed at the start of the next business day. how do i update my account?you can update your account by selecting my account from the login module of our website or by contacting the edu advantage team members for help. how do i register?if you are a student, please complete the steps below. if you are an educator, please contact us and a program representative will be happy to assist you. complete the b&h edu advantage application. input the requested information and upload, email, or fax copies of your school id and current class schedule. once your application has been approved, you can immediately start shopping on our edu website (check the email that you used to sign up, as this will be the destination to which your approval email is sent). who can register?you must be a college-level student or educator attending a usa-based institution, or another approved and accredited program. how do i find out my account status?make sure you have registered for an account, and are logged in. once logged in, navigate to the my account section. if you scroll to the bottom of this page, you will see a tab for my edu account status and here you can find your member number, current account status and expiration date. what if i want to buy in bulk for my school?you can purchase in bulk by going to the government, education & corporate section. i'm not seeing a discount on the item i want to purchase, is there something i'm missing?the edu advantage program is a vendor-based discount program, which means that the discounts will vary from item to item. to view items that are discounted via the edu advantage program and to purchase them at the discounted rate, you must be logged in to your edu advantage account. the edu advantage discount is automatically applied to any and all eligible items within the portal. i am having trouble using class supply list. how do i move an item from one list to another?to move items from one list to another, select the item and select the move function at the top of the page. from there you can choose a new destination list. help! i added the wrong item to a list, how do i delete it?there are two ways to delete an item or multiple items from your list (however, this cannot be undone--be very sure of the changes you wish to make.). either select the trash icon under the product or select the items you wish to remove, and select the trash icon at the top of the page. business leasing hampton ridge financial b&h leasing makes it easy and affordable to acquire the products you need without depleting your cash or borrowing from the bank. by taking advantage of equipment leasing options (minimum purchase $5,000), you gain a cost-effective means of obtaining new pro photo, video, audio, computer and post-production equipment at prices you can afford. leasing is available for commercial, professional and not-for-profit organizations (including houses of worship). retail customers or month-to-month rentals are not eligible. contact us via email at [email protected]. apply online questions? payment estimator why lease? leasing is a practical and cost-effective way to acquire the latest technology and equipment. leasing provides affordable monthly payments with flexible terms and can be structured to match the cash flow needs of your business. your lease may be structured so you own the equipment at the end of the lease. alternatively, you can return the equipment to the leasing company at lease termination with no further obligation. leasing allows easy upgrades to newer technology during the lease. leasing offers important tax advantages, and your lease payment may even be fully tax deductible (check with your tax advisor). arranging your lease is easy with simple documentation and quick turnaround. what type of leases are available? payment terms can be conveniently spread out over terms as long as 60 months. when you start the lease, you will have a choice of end-of-lease buyout payments to select. at the end of the lease, if you make the buyout payment, you can keep the equipment, it's yours! alternatively, if you don't want to make the buyout payment, you can return the equipment to the leasing company at the end of the lease with no further obligation. your choice of the buyout payment, along with the length of the lease, will affect your monthly payments. the end-of-lease buyout options are fair market value (fmv), 10% of original purchase price, and "bargain purchase" (typically $1 or $101) buyout. for any given lease term, the fmv lease will result in the lowest monthly payment. higher payments will be incurred with the 10% and bargain purchase buyout leases. what monthly payment can i expect? rates are subject to credit approval, taxes, shipping and other expenses. please contact hampton ridge financial at 866.815.4448 for information on monthly payments. how do i get started? please fill out the online lease application or contact hampton ridge financials at 866.815.4448. what if i have a leasing company that i work with already? b&h is happy to help you finance your purchases with many other leasing companies. please call our leasing department at 877 628-2734 or 212 465-4266 for further assistance. what if i have other questions? call 866.815.4448 or email [email protected] customer service 800.221.5743 sales & expert advice 800.606.6969 live chat email us request callback store info hours of operation store pickup nyc superstore map & directions payment payment options b&h gift card rewards program student discounts business leasing sales tax / tax exemptions shipping free shipping order status shipping & delivery shipping estimates store pickup policies warranties & manufacturers pricing policy usa grey market products privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer product reviews / q&a returns returns & exchanges policy about b&h the b&h story career opportunities imaging partners sponsored events b&h podcast used department return & warranty sell your gear faqs resources explora edu advantage corporate sales event space contact the manufacturer become a b&h vendor international where we ship policies & pricing customs, taxes & other fees foreign currency canada shipping students & edu advantage approval process eligibility requirements becoming a member more help center topics close