来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506171738/https://www.bhphotovideo.com/find/HelpCenter/Policies.jsp
================================================================================

policies | b&h photo video press ‎↵ enter‎ for accessibility for blind people who use screen readerspress ‎↵ enter‎ for keyboard navigationpress ‎↵ enter‎ for accessibility menub2b, gov, students & more about usthe professional's source since 1973accessibilitylive chathelp800.606.6969ask our experts800.606.6969hello, log inaccount & ordersmy cart photography computers pro video lighting pro audio drones camcorders tvs & entertainment audio-visual optics mobile surveillance more... used specials feedback home help center policies help center returns 30-day return policy international used item return policy shipping free shipping order status shipping & delivery shipping estimates store pickup international store info hours of operation store pickup nyc superstore directions & parking payment payment options payboo credit card b&h gift card rewards program price match price match price adjustment on prior purchase student discounts business leasing international sales tax/tax exemptions sales tax tax exemptions filmmaker tax exemptions international where we ship policies & pricing customs, taxes, & other fees foreign currency canada shipping policies warranties & manufacturers pricing policy usa grey market privacy & security user agreement & disclaimer update email subscription become a b&h vendor product reviews / q&a used department used item return policy used item terms of warranty sell your gear faq student & edu advantage approval process eligibility requirements becoming a member resources explora edu advantage corporate sales event space contact the manufacturer become a b&h vendor about b&h the b&h story career opportunities imaging partners b&h podcast warranties & manufacturers all items sold by b&h are warranted solely by the manufacturer/distributor, except "no usa warranty" (nuw) items. all items requiring repair (other than nuw) should be sent to the manufacturer/distributor directly for service. we are not liable if the manufacturer/distributor fails to perform warranty service. for nuw items only, b&h provides a warranty identical to the provisions and limitations of the manufacturer's warranty for such items, with the exception of the time period, which is equal to the term of the manufacturer's warranty or one (1) year, whichever is less. your warranty card and/or sales slip must accompany all items. used equipment is covered under a 90-day parts and labor warranty. there is no implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose on any item sold by b&h. b&h will not be responsible for any consequential or incidental damage resulting from the sale or use of any merchandise purchased from us. b&h's liability is limited to the monetary value of the merchandise. limited 90-day parts & labor warranty on used items all used items b&h sells carry a limited 90-day parts & labor warranty that covers all operational/functional defects encountered in normal use of the product and is subject to certain conditions. brand & manufacturer contact information canon 800-828-4040 www.usa.canon.com fujifilm 800-800-3854 www.fujifilmusa.com allstate 877-629-0421 www.allstateprotectionplans.com san disk 866-726-3475 www.sandisk.com [email protected] sony 239-245-6358 www.sony.com panasonic 800-405-0652 www.panasonic.com epson 800-463-7766 www.epson.com manfrotto 201-818-9500 480-940-1103 repairs www.manfrotto.com nikon 800-645-6678 www.nikonusa.com olympus 888-553-4448 www.olympusamerica.com hp 800-752-0900 www.hp.com kodak 800-235-6325 www.kodak.com samsung 800-726-7864 www.samsung.com pentax 800-877-0155 us.ricoh-imaging.com gopro 888-600-4659 gopro.com apple 800-275-2273 www.apple.com no results found {{filteredcontacts.length}} results {{ contact.name }} distributed by - {{ contact.distributer }} tel: {{ contact.tel }} or {{ contact.tel2 }} website {{ contact.url }} email {{ contact.email }} supplier diversity program b&h started as the quintessential small business—a mom and pop shop—and even though we have grown into an industry leader, we still adhere to the precepts our success was built on: customer service, education (for salespeople as well as consumers), extensive inventory and amazing prices. what's more, we are committed to the ongoing success of small businesses everywhere. we are enthusiastically dedicated to establishing associations with vendors of all sizes and stripes, including: women-owned small businesses hubzone small businesses small disadvantaged businesses veteran-owned small businesses service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses if your company is a supplier offering products or services that you believe would be beneficial to b&h and our customers, we'd love to hear from you. feel free to contact our small business liaison office at [email protected]. pricing policy why no price? from time to time, we enter into minimum advertised price (map) agreements with select suppliers in order to pass along certain benefits to our customers. according to these agreements (details vary from vendor to vendor) we can sell an item for any price, but we may not advertise that item for an amount less than the minimum advertised price, which is set by the supplier. in exchange, we get advance notice about newly released products and early shipments, as well as favored status with the world's best brands. while we abide by our map agreements, we always ensure that you pay the lowest price. payment verification occasionally we may ask you to verify that you're the card owner or that order and ship-to information are legitimate. this verification process is for your protection, rarely delays an order, and generally requires either a simple phone call (which can be done after business hours) or fax communication. if your order requires verification, we will advise you by phone or email. this is why it's important that you provide multiple contact phone numbers when ordering and that you keep your information current. it is also important that you understand what we mean by bill-to information on the checkout process. the bill-to address is the address to which your bank mails your monthly credit card statement. the bill-to address you give us must agree with the address that the card-issuing bank has on file. please be sure you provide the correct information, even if the items are to be shipped to a different location. we regret that they are even occasionally necessary, but these steps are designed to safeguard against credit card fraud and identity theft. sales tax local sales tax: when an order is shipped within new york state, the law requires that local sales tax be added to the order total, including any shipping charges. purchases in our store are subject to an 8.875% local sales tax. this tax is not a vat and cannot be recovered by non-usa visitors when returning home. if your order is shipping to an address in a state which requires local sales tax collection on remote purchases, or is being picked up in our manhattan superstore, local sales tax will be automatically collected unless the account is registered as tax-exempt. in some cases, we may provide an estimated sales tax amount until your exact location is finalized prior to order completion. important information for residents of puerto rico: we are legally required to report certain purchases to local taxation departments. please check with your local government to see if your purchases are subject to a use tax. tax exemptions government, education, nonprofit organizations, public charities, churches and other religious organizations usually qualify for tax-exempt purchases. once approved, customers may make tax-exempt purchases on behalf of their organizations online. to apply for a tax-exempt account, click here. apply for tax exempt status click here for information about sales tax / tax exemptions b&h warranty/imported/grey market products what is a b&h warranty item? items labeled with a b&h warranty are imported or grey market products that are being sold outside of the manufacturer's intended sales region. products obtained from sources other than the manufacturer or its licensed importer are "grey market" products. grey market is not illegal, not factory seconds, not demo merchandise, not cheaper or inferior quality. in fact, in almost every instance, a grey market product is absolutely identical to its usa-warranted counterpart. grey market and usa-warranted products are manufactured in the same factories, from the same components and sub-assemblies, to the same specs and tolerances, and by the same workers. in terms of the items themselves, there is no difference at all. for example: a grey market nikon 50mm f/1.4 d-af lens is exactly the same in every possible way as a usa-warranted version. you may see such items also described as "imported" or "grey market" or "international." why does b&h sell imported items? product availability — by selling imported items, we're able to offer items that may currently be unavailable directly from manufacturers. what are the key differences between imported and regular items? imported items are not warranted by the manufacturer and, instead, come with a limited warranty from b&h. additionally, these items are not eligible for rebates or promotional offers from the manufacturer. are grey market items eligible for manufacturer repair if damaged and out of warranty period? while each manufacturer is different, many manufacturers do not provide an option for repair on items that are labelled as grey market merchandise. are there any other differences? typically, there are no other major differences in how the items function. there may be some slight changes to how the menu system is organized, which languages are set as default, or the literature included with the item. functionally, the items are the same. what are b&h's warranty terms? we cover all manufacturing defects. duration varies based on the item. please see the product page and locate the "in the box" section for duration of coverage. typically this will match the manufacturer's standard warranty. who do i contact for warranty service? contact b&h customer service for any service questions. can i purchase an extended warranty on grey market items that come with a b&h warranty? yes. customers can purchase an extended warranty in the exact same way as they would with an item with a standard manufacturer's warranty. privacy and security policy last updated march 25, 2025 privacy and security policy b & h foto & electronics corp ("b&h") is the largest non-chain photo, video and consumer electronics store in the united states. the business operates a retail store on 34th st. and 9th avenue in new york city, along with their website (www.bhphotovideo.com) and mobile application. due to the nature of the retail and ecommerce business, b&h is often required to obtain personal information from our consumers, organizational sales customers, affiliates and vendors to successfully operate. b&h recognizes the need to maintain the confidentiality of private, confidential and proprietary information. this privacy & security policy ("policy") will offer a transparent breakdown of how b&h and our strategic partners protect the confidentiality of the information collected by b&h. note: b&h sites can contain links to external sites and social media pages, including those of photographers, artists, and other contributors. b&h does not assume responsibility and is not liable for your data privacy on any external sites. please consult the privacy policy of the sites you visit. this policy should be read in conjunction with all the b&h website terms and conditions and the b&h cookie policy. quick links: purpose notice of monitoring the data we collect from you and how we use it personal information you provide to us personal information we collect automatically personal information we collect from third parties other purposes we may use personal information de-identified (anonymized) data sharing your personal information information regarding payboo partnership other third party controllers cookies and other tracking technologies managing your communications preferences email marketing targeted advertising push notifications retention of personal information how we protect your information children's personal information required disclosures privacy rights canada++ colorado connecticut europe montana oregon texas utah virginia making a request verifying your identity authorized agents appealing our decision additional california notices the "legal categories" of personal information we collect about you shine the light notic international customers eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. data privacy frameworks changes to this privacy policy contact us personal information privacy chart a. purpose this policy covers b&h and its affiliated partners. it explains the legal basis that b&h has in processing your personal information, how and what data we collect about you and what we do with that data. this policy will also inform you of your data privacy rights and how you can exercise those rights. in this policy, when we talk about "personal information", we are referring to any information that relates to you, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, etc. when we talk about the b&h platform we mean the b&h websites, www.bhphotovideo.com and the b&h mobile application. this policy also covers how b&h collects and uses your information offline. please note, those laws that apply to the processing of personal data (including regulations, guidelines, government issued rules, and court opinions interpreting laws) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “data protection laws”) may require us to describe our processing using certain terms or in a specific way. although we have tried to use terms consistent with data protection laws, we aren’t always able to use terms that may be used in your jurisdiction. if you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at one of the methods described in the contact us section. for specific information about b&h’s participation in the eu-u.s., uk extension, and swiss-u.s. data privacy framework, see eu, uk extension, and swiss data privacy frameworks section below. b. notice of monitoring please note that if you use the chat function on our website, all information you send and receive will be recorded. if you do not wish for us to record this information, please do not use the chat function on our website. by using our chat function you consent to b&h monitoring all communications. c. the data we collect from you and how we use it we may collect personal information directly from you, using online tracking technologies, through in-store and other offline technologies, from our business partners, from social media platforms or otherwise when engage with our platform or when you otherwise correspond with us. we also may collect personal information from you when you make a purchase in person in our store. it is your choice whether to provide personal information to us, but it may be necessary in order to use our services, such as setting up an account, conducting a transaction, commenting on a blog post or reviewing a product. if you give us personal information about someone else, including pictures of them, their name, their e-mail address, etc., on our social media platforms, e-views and comments on our websites, you must do so only if you have that person's consent to provide us with that information. you should direct them to this policy so that they are informed about how we collect, use, disclose, and retain their personal information. please see our website user agreement for how we may use and retain any content submitted to us. 1. personal information you provide to us we may collect the following personal information directly from you for the following purposes: account registration and management: when you register for and use your account with us, we will collect your name, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, mobile device information, billing and account information, and a record of the products and services you have purchased and used. processing is necessary for the performance of the contract. purchases: when you make a purchase, we may collect your name, telephone number, email address, mailing address, and billing and other information in order to process your order and send you the items you purchased. if needed, information required to clear customs (such as tax id, partial social security number, or other identification numbers) and relevant postage information (such as tracking numbers and tracking updates) may be collected as well. for in-store pickup, we will also collect the legal name of the person picking up the order. for trading in gear, we will request your photo id in person or contact information online. processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you. b&h does not store credit card or other financial information from you; that information is collected directly by our trusted third-party payment processing. on occasion, for some international customers b&h will require bank account information. for more information about how our third-party payment processors protect your personal information, please review their privacy policies at: https://www.worldpay.com/en/privacy https://www.tsys.com/privacy-policy marketing: when you provide your personal information to register and use your account, make purchases from us, or otherwise interact with us, we may also use your personal information to send you advertisements, marketing materials, and other information on products and services we think may be of interest to you. we typically will use your name, email address, phone number, physical address, and other contact information you provide to us. when we process your personal information for marketing purposes, our processing is based on our legitimate interest in promoting and growing our business, otherwise it is based on your consent. you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent prior to such withdrawal. customer service: we may collect your personal information from you when you contact us for customer services support or questions. specifically, we may collect your name, email address, phone number, address, birth date, full or partial social security number or social insurance number, driver’s license number, purchase or service history, geolocation data, bank account information, recording of call, billing or account information, payment card information, and tax information, depending on the nature of your customer service inquiry and the requests you are making. processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you. otherwise processing is based on your consent. you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent prior to such withdrawal. customer satisfaction surveys: we may ask you to complete surveys to tell us about your experiences with us. if you choose to fill out a survey, we will collect your name, email address, phone number, and the information you provide to us in your survey responses. the processing is based on our legitimate interest. when we rely on our legitimate interest, we will always assess whether your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh our interests. we carry out legitimate interest assessments in such cases. communicating with us: you may also provide us with additional information through a web form, by updating or adding information to your account, through your participation in blog posts, community discussions, and chats, or when you otherwise communicate with us regarding our services. processing is based on your consent. you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent prior to such withdrawal. website chat: when you visit our website, you may choose to engage with us through our chat features. if you use our website chat feature, we will collect your name, order number, order information, email address, and any other information you choose to provide to us. processing is based on your consent, and by using the chat, you consent to our collection and use of this information. you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent prior to such withdrawal. business to business transactions: when you share information with us on behalf of another business, we typically collect your name, company name, address, purchase history, account information, account contact information, account permissions and preferences, and any other information we use to service your account. processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you. event registration: you may provide us with your name and contact information when you register for one of our events that we host virtually, or in our store, such as trainings and demos. processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you. authentication: we may also collect additional information we are required or authorized by applicable national laws to collect and process in order to authenticate or identify you or to verify the information we have collected. this may include, name, email address, phone number, address, birth date, full or partial social security number or social insurance number, driver’s license number, purchase or service history, precise geolocation data, bank account information, billing or account information, payment card information, and tax information. we collect only that information that is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject. used item sales: when selling a used item to b&h, it is required that b&h collect a copy of a valid government issued id, which may include your name, birth date, government id number (such as social security number or social insurance number), address, height, weight, and sex. we collect only that information that is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject. 2. personal information we collect automatically we may collect the following personal information from your device or browser for the following purposes: advertising and behavioral profiling: we collect information about your interaction with our services, your advertising preferences and your communications with us. this is information we receive from devices (including mobile devices) you use when you access our services. this information could include the following: device id or unique identifier, device type, id for advertising and a unique device token, preferences, purchase / service history, cookie ids, device identifiers, ip address, precise geolocation, tracking data on behavior across websites, and postal or country code. the processing is based on our legitimate interest. when we rely on our legitimate interest, we will always assess whether your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh our interests. we carry out legitimate interest assessments in such cases. otherwise, processing is based on your consent. advertising analytics: for advertising analytics, we may collect computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral url, ad data, your ip address, your browsing activity, history and your web log information. the processing is based on our legitimate interest. when we rely on our legitimate interest, we will always assess whether your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh our interests. we carry out legitimate interest assessments in such cases. otherwise, processing is based on your consent. website chat: we collect information from you automatically when you use the chat function on our website. the information we collect automatically from you includes your device information (such as ip address), browser type, browser settings (such as preferred browser language), location, and referring url. the processing is based on our legitimate interest. when we rely on our legitimate interest, we will always assess whether your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh our interests. we carry out legitimate interest assessments in such cases. otherwise, processing is based on your consent. website / mobile app use analytics & marketing: when you visit and use our platform, we collect information automatically from your devices to evaluate and improve our website performance, as well as for marketing purposes. this includes your ip address, cookie ids, device identifiers, location data, information about how you use our website, preferences and trends, and purchase and service history. if you are paying us for products or services, we will also collect your billing / account information and payment card information to complete the transaction. the processing is based on our legitimate interest. when we rely on our legitimate interest, we will always assess whether your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh our interests. we carry out legitimate interest assessments in such cases. otherwise, processing is based on your consent. security and safety: when you visit us in-store, we use cctv technologies to ensure the security and safety of our customers, personnel and business. where we use cctv, we comply with laws applicable to b&h within the local jurisdiction where our store is located. when we rely on our legitimate interest, we will always assess whether your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh our interests. we carry out legitimate interest assessments in such cases. otherwise, processing is based on your consent. to learn more about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, please review our cookie policy, including to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data for profiling, targeted marketing, or cross-context behavioral advertising. alternatively, you can exercise your privacy choices by visiting the making a request section of this policy. california residents can click on the your privacy choices button in the footer of our website. 3. personal information we collect from third parties we may collect the following personal information from third parties for the following purposes: marketing and promotions: on occasion we might collect personal information from third parties such as from tradeshows marketing and advertising partners, and partnerships with third parties who help to administer promotions, giveaways or sweepstakes. this information is usually limited to name, email address and address. the processing is based on our legitimate interest. when we rely on our legitimate interest, we will always assess whether your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh our interests. we carry out legitimate interest assessments in such cases. otherwise, processing is based on your consent. processing transactions: when you make a purchase, our third party payment processor may share with us your name, billing address, transaction information (i.e., amount of transaction, time of transaction, and transaction id), payment method and other information in order for us to process your order and send you the items you purchased. processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you. b&h does not store credit card or other financial information from you; that information is collected directly by our trusted third-party payment processing. on occasion, for some international customers b&h will require bank account information. for more information about how our third-party payment processors protect your personal information, please review their privacy policies at: https://www.worldpay.com/en/privacy https://www.tsys.com/privacy-policy communicating via social media: when you communicate with us or otherwise engage with us through the use of social media, such as facebook, instagram or x (formerly twitter), we may receive information related to your engagement with us via social media. generally, we may receive information such as name, social media handle, and other information about your profile which you may have made public. we may also receive any images or other content that you have tagged us in. we do not use this information outside of our engagement with you on social media. processing is based on your consent. you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent prior to such withdrawal. website chat: b&h offers a chat feature on its website which you can use to communicate with us and to resolve issues or questions. this chat feature is operated by a third party, so when you provide information in the course of the chat, such as your name, email address, and details about your inquiry, we may ultimately collect that information from the third party chat operator. processing is based on your consent, and by using the chat, you consent to our collection and use of this information. you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent prior to such withdrawal. 4. other purposes we may use personal information we may also use any of the personal information we listed above for the following purposes: to operate and evaluate our business, including improving and personalizing the experience for you and others; to advertise and market to you, including sending you advertising and marketing communications, and information about our products and services that we think you will be interested in, and customizing the information and advertisements you receive from us; to maintain and improve our services, including to audit, research, and conduct analysis to protect people who use our websites; for safety and security, by making sure third parties protect your information, and monitoring the technical functioning and security of our network; for legal and compliance, including complying with applicable laws, regulations, and legal obligations; and to protect the rights or property of b&h, its employees, its customers, and people who use its websites. we use personal information for these purposes to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject. otherwise, the processing is based on our legitimate interest. when we rely on our legitimate interest, we will always assess whether your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh our interests. we carry out legitimate interest assessments in such cases. d. de-identified (anonymized) data b&h may de-identify (also known as anonymize) and aggregate data for its business purposes, including but not limited to, to improve the products and features of its services, to maintain the security and integrity of its systems, for analytics, and other legitimate business purposes. "de-identified data" means information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to a particular data subject. where we process de-identified data, we commit to maintain and use the information in de-identified form and not attempt to reidentify the information, except where permitted by law. b&h may disclose de-identified data to third parties who commit themselves to maintaining the de-identified data in de-identified form and not attempting to re-identify the data for any business or commercial purpose. e. sharing your personal information this section will tell you about how we share your personal information with others. we only share your information where we have a legal basis for doing so and where we've described the business purpose to you in this policy. the list below tells you when we share your personal information for a business purpose and the categories of third parties we share it with. service providers and business partners: other companies sometimes provide services to us or on our behalf. for example, we may use other companies for it support, order fulfillment, warranties, shipping and tracking, technology solutions, maintaining our website, fraud prevention, verification, and government policy compliance. business to business (b2b) accounts: when you interact with us as part of a b2b relationship, we may share any of the information we collected historically for the business account with a person who is currently acting for or on behalf of the business. we do this so that we can provide you with the products and services requested, to maintain your account, and to provide customer service and assistance to the business. third parties with whom you ask us to share your personal information: if you ask us to share your personal information with a third party, we will only share the information that is needed to complete your request. this can apply to any request you make, like warranty claims, store credit cards, manufacturers or suppliers, and other requests you might make. website chat providers: if you use the chat feature on our website, that chat feature is operated by a third party. when you use the chat, the third party operator will receive all the information you provide in the course of your chat, such as your name, email address, and any other information you choose to provide in the chat. by using the chat, you agree to us sharing information with and receiving information from the third party chat service provider. marketing and advertising partners: we may disclose purchase history, contact information, advertising identifiers and other information regarding how you have engaged with us in the past with our marketing and advertising partners so they can present you with special offers and deliver you with marketing related to b&h. compliance with legal obligations: we may need to disclose certain information to auditors, government authorities, law enforcement, regulatory agencies, our legal counsel, third-party litigants and their counsel, or other authorized individuals to comply with laws that apply to us, subpoenas, discovery requests, or other legal obligations such as contractual requirements. this can include things like customs and used item sales. changes in business structure or ownership: we may disclose or transfer your personal information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, acquisition, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of b&h's business, assets, or ownership interest (including through bankruptcy or similar proceedings). information regarding payboo partnership b&h has a partnership with comenity bank, which operates as “payboo,” to provide b&h payboo credit card services to our customers. as part of this service, we may provide first and last name, mailing address, email, order information, purchase history, and transaction information (such as transaction id, transaction amount, and date/time of transaction) to payboo to offer you services. all information shared with payboo is to enable the use of the payboo credit card on our websites. personal information collected directly by payboo, including information related to your transactions on our website, is subject to their terms and privacy policies. other third party controllers b&h partners with other third parties who act as independent controllers to help us provide services to our customers, protect against fraud, and process payments on our behalf. where we use a third party controller, we may share certain information about you with them provided we have a legal basis to do so. a list of current third party controllers we use and their policies are below: https://risk.lexisnexis.com/corporate/privacy-policy https://www.aciworldwide.com/privacy-policy https://www.forter.com/privacy-policy/ https://ekata.com/privacy-policy/ https://www.worldpay.com/en/privacy https://www.tsys.com/privacy-policy f. cookies and other tracking technologies when you visit our platform, we or our authorized service providers may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience for advertising purposes. to learn more about the types of cookies we use on our platform, including the types of cookies we use and how to manage your cookie preferences, please visit our cookie policy. do not track signals. some web browsers allow you to turn on do not track ("dnt"), which sends signals to websites you visit, telling those sites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked. our websites currently are not designed to respond to dnt signals received from web browsers. g. managing your communications preferences we understand that our customers may want to choose how often and by what means we communicate with them. this is why we want to be clear how you can manage your communication preferences. if we are processing your personal information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent from b&h at any time. email marketing for email marketing and communications, please visit our email preferences page in your profile which can be accessed from the 'my account' menu on the top of any page on our platform. you can also unsubscribe using the links at the bottom of any of our emails to you. targeted advertising if you do not wish to participate in our advertising personalization programs, you can opt out by unchecking the appropriate cookies on our cookie preferences page. while logged out, your selection will apply to the browser on the device you make your selection from. your selection may change when you log in to your b&h account, should you have one with us. to have your preferences apply across all b&h experiences, sign in to make your selection. please note that you can disable all cookies from your browser settings. however, our websites require cookies to function and disabling all cookies will limit functionality of the site, including actions like adding products to a cart, etc. push notifications you can configure settings for push notifications in your web browser settings for the websites and on the application settings for the mobile app. you can also contact us via the contact us section should you have a question or need more information. h. retention of personal information we retain your personal information for as long as we have a relationship with you or for as long as legally required. when deciding how long to keep your personal information after our relationship with you has ended, we consider our legal and regulatory obligations and internal personal information management policies. for example, we may retain records to investigate or defend against potential legal claims or where required by law. where we retain data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and records retention obligations that are imposed by applicable law. our employees are trained to understand and comply with these measures and we communicate our privacy policy, practices and guidelines to our employees. i. how we protect your information we implement and maintain appropriate technical, and administrative security measures designed to safeguard your personal information against unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse. we evaluate and update these measures on an ongoing basis and ensure reasonable security measures are deployed consistent with industry standards. however, no personal information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. we retain your personal information for as long as we have a relationship with you or for as long as legally required. when deciding how long to keep your personal information after our relationship with you has ended, we consider our legal and regulatory obligations and internal personal information management policies. for example, we may retain records to investigate or defend against potential legal claims or where required by law. where we retain data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and records retention obligations that are imposed by applicable law. our employees are trained to understand and comply with these security measures and we communicate our privacy policy, practices and guidelines to our employees. j. children’s personal information the b&h platform is not intended for use by anyone under the age of sixteen (16). in accordance with the children’s online privacy protection act (“coppa”) and other applicable data protection laws related to minors, we do not knowingly request or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of sixteen (16) nor will we knowingly, allow anyone under the age of sixteen (16) to create a b&h user account. in the event that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such personal information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practical. we reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors are not using the services. we do not sell or share personal information of minors under the age of sixteen (16). k. required disclosures privacy rights some privacy laws require that we disclose the privacy rights that you may have regarding your personal information. we have defined the various rights below. for all personal information that we collect about you, you may have the following rights or choices that we will accommodate where your requests meet legal and regulatory requirements and do not risk making our other data less secure or changing our other data. you may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. right to access — the right for a consumer to access from a business/data controller the information or categories of information collected about a consumer, the information or categories of information shared with third parties, or the specific third parties or categories of third parties to which the information was shared; or, some combination of similar information. right to correct — the right for a consumer to request that incorrect or outdated personal information be corrected but not deleted. right to delete — the right for a consumer to request deletion of personal information about the consumer under certain conditions. b&h allows all consumers to submit a request to delete, no matter where they reside. right to opt out of certain processing — the right for a consumer to restrict a business’s ability to process personal information about the consumer. right to portability — the right for a consumer to request personal information about the consumer be disclosed in a common file format. right to opt-out of sales — the right for a consumer to opt out of the sale of personal information about the consumer to third parties. right to opt in for sensitive data processing — the right for a consumer to opt in before a business can process their sensitive data. right against automated decision making — a prohibition against a business making decisions about a consumer based solely on an automated process without human input. right to appeal — where a controller declines to take action regarding a consumer's request to exercise any privacy right, the controller must allow the consumer to appeal the decision and provide instructions on how they may request an appeal. in addition, a business may not treat a consumer who exercises a consumer right differently than a consumer who does not exercise a right. privacy rights chart: + the term europe, as used in this policy, shall mean the european union, european economic area, united kingdom and switzerland. ++provinces may vary. please refer to your local provincial law to determine which are applicable to you. ^ b&h allows all consumers to submit a request to delete, no matter where you reside. y – right exists o – right to opt out or limit use of sensitive data s – sensitive data t – right to opt out of targeted advertising l – private right of action limited to certain violations only n – right does not expressly exist or activity is expressly prohibited p – right to opt-out of processing for profiling/targeted advertising purposes * – right to opt out of certain automated decision making making a request to make a data privacy related request, please call toll free +1 800.947.9915 or contact us. once the request has been received, you may be asked to provide additional personal information for verification purposes before your request can be accommodated, including your full name, email address, telephone number, billing address, previous purchase history and order information. verifying your identity once the request has been received, you may be asked to provide additional personal information for verification purposes, including your full name, email address, telephone number, billing address and previous order history before your request can be accommodated. for requests involving specific pieces of information, we may also require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. authorized agents you may have the right to designate someone else make privacy requests for you under the data protection laws. authorized agents must: provide us with valid written authorization, that the third party agent has the authority to act on behalf of the individual whom they are making the request, which must include the agent’s name, email address, and phone number, you must follow the instructions above to verify your own identity, and the authorized agent must follow the instructions provided in this section to make a request. we reserve the right to verify the validity of any third party request to exercise privacy rights on behalf of our customers to the fullest extent permitted under applicable data protection law. appealing our decision if you disagree with a decision we make regarding your request to exercise a privacy right as described in this policy, you may contact us using the contact us section below. please refer to the prior request, and include the reason for your appeal in your request. l. additional california notices the "legal categories" of personal information we collect about you certain u.s. laws require us to tell you about the personal information we collect about you in a certain way – specifically, we need to tie it back to the "legal categories" of personal information that are listed in the laws. to do this, we bundled up the information we gave you in this policy and matched the different types of personal information we collect about you with the legal category. to make things easier to understand, we've put this information in a personal information privacy chart at the end of this privacy policy. shine the light notice california residents have the following additional rights regarding disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes: we provide california residents with the option to opt-in to sharing of “personal information” as defined by california’s “shine the light” law with third parties, other than with our affiliates, for such third parties’ own direct marketing purposes. we do not share personal information with non-affiliate third parties for their direct marketing purposes absent your consent. if you are a california resident, you may request information about our compliance with the shine the light law and/or withdraw previously given consent to sharing with non-affiliate third parties for their direct marketing purposes by contacting using the methods in the “contact us” section below. requests must include “california marketing privacy rights request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided e-mail address or mailing address. m. international customers b&h is a u.s. based corporation with its operations and services headquartered in the united states. as such, customers who visit us outside of the u.s. acknowledge and consent to their personal information being transferred to the united states. in addition, b&h complies with the eu-u.s., uk extension, and swiss-u.s. data privacy framework. for more information, see below. eu-u.s., uk extension, and swiss-u.s. data privacy frameworks b&h complies with the eu-u.s. data privacy framework program (eu-u.s. dpf) and the uk extension to the eu-u.s. dpf (uk extension), and the swiss-u.s. data privacy framework (swiss-u.s. dpf) as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce. b&h has certified to the u.s. department of commerce that it adheres to the eu-u.s. data privacy framework program principles (dpf principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the european union and united kingdom in reliance on the eu-u.s. dpf and the uk extension to the eu-u.s. dpf. b&h has certified to the u.s. department of commerce that it adheres to the swiss-u.s. data privacy framework principles (swiss-u.s. dpf principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from switzerland in reliance on the swiss-u.s. dpf. if there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and the eu-u.s. dpf, uk extension, or swiss-u.s. principles, the principles shall govern. to learn more about the data privacy framework (dpf) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/. in compliance with the eu-u.s., uk extension, and swiss-u.s. principles, b&h commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the united states pursuant to the dpf principles. european union, uk, and swiss individuals with dpf inquiries or complaints should first contact b&h at: legal department b & h foto & electronics corp. 440 ninth avenue new york, new york 10001 phone: +1 800.947.9915 web: www.bhphotovideo.com in compliance with the principles, b&h commits to refer resolve dpf-related complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. european union, uk, and swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the principles should first contact us via email. b&h has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the dpf principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, data privacy framework services, operated by jams. if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution for more information and to file a complaint. this service is provided free of charge to you. if your dpf complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. see https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/g-arbitration-procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2 pursuant to the principles, european union, uk, and swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain, in the united states, personal information relating to them. upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. you may also correct, amend or delete the personal information we hold about you. an individual who seeks access to, or seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data processed in the united states under the principles should direct their query to [email protected]. if requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. to request us to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to [email protected]. in certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. our accountability for personal data that we process in the u.s. is described in the principles. in particular, we remain responsible and liable under the principles if third-party agents that we engage to process personal data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for an event giving rise to damage. n. changes to this privacy policy we reserve the right to modify this policy. when we make changes, the updated policy will be posted here and the revision date will be updated. you are encouraged to refer back to ensure you are familiar with our most recent policy updates. for prior versions of this policy, see below: https://www.bhphotovideo.com/framework/priorprivacypolicies/privacypolicy-3-25-25.pdf o. contact us if you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, you may contact us at: legal department b & h foto & electronics corp. 440 ninth avenue new york, new york 10001 phone: +1 800.947.9915 email: [email protected] web: www.bhphotovideo.com p. personal information privacy chart this section summarizes how b&h processes personal information in accordance with california consumer privacy act of 2018, as amended by the california privacy rights act of 2020 (collectively, “ccpa”), the terms used in this section shall have the same meanings as given to them under the ccpa. definitions for each legal category are in italic as examples only. to understand the specific information that is shared for each purpose, please review the data we collect from you and how we use it section, or contact us using the contact us section. please note: we do not sell or share personal information of minors under the age of sixteen (16). in the last 12 months, we have processed, shared and sold the following categories of personal information, where we have a legitimate interest, legal obligation or consent for processing: legal categorysourcespurpose for collection and usesharing for business purposescategories of third parties to whom personal information is sold a. identifiers. a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. directly from youautomatically from your devicesfrom third parties account registration purchases customer service customer satisfaction surveys communicating with us business to business transactions website chat event registration authentication used item sales advertising advertising analytics marketing operate the service improve the service compliance with legal obligation protect rights or property service providers third parties compliance with legal obligations changes in business structure/ownership advertising advertisers b. personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)).a name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, marital status, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. directly from youautomatically from your devices from third parties account registration purchases communicating with us account registration purchases customer service customer satisfaction surveys communicating with us business to business transactions website chat event registration authentication used item sales advertising advertising analytics marketing operate the service improve the service compliance with legal obligation protect rights or property service providersthird partiescompliance with legal obligationschanges in business structure/ownership c. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law.age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). directly from you authenticationused item salesbusiness to business transactions service providers not sold d. commercial information. records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. directly from youautomatically from your devicesfrom third parties customer satisfaction surveys customer service business to business transactions advertising advertising analytics marketing service providers third parties compliance with legal obligations changes in business structure/ownership third party advertisers e. biometric information.genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, dna data, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. not collected not collected not collected not collected f. internet or other similar network activity. browsing history, search history, information on an employee's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. automatically from your devicesfrom third parties advertisingadvertising analyticsmarketing service providersthird parties compliance with legal obligationschanges in business structure/ownership third party advertisers g. geolocation data. data that can identify a consumer's physical location or movements. automatically from your devices advertisingadvertising analyticsmarketing service providersthird partiescompliance with legal obligationschanges in business structure/ownershipadvertising third party advertisers h. sensory data.audio, electronic, visual, olfactory, or similar information. directly from youautomatically from your device or browser customer servicecompliance with legal obligationsecurity and safetyimprove products and services service providerscompliance with legal obligations not sold i. professional or employment-related information.current or past job history or performance evaluations. not collected not collected not collected not collected j. education information as defined by the family education rights and privacy act (20 u.s.c. sec. 1232g; 34 c.f.r. part 99).information that is not publicly available maintained by an education agency or institution related directly to a student. not collected not collected not collected not collected k. inferences drawn from other personal information.profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. directly from youautomatically from your devicesfrom third parties advertisingadvertising analyticsmarketing service providersthird parties compliance with legal obligationschanges in business structure/ownership not sold l. sensitive personal information.personal information that reveals a consumer's: social security number, driver's license number, state identification card number, or passport number; a consumer's account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; the contents of a consumer's mail, email, and text messages (not business related); genetic data; biometric data used to uniquely identify a consumer; health data; or data related to sex life or sexual orientation. directly from youautomatically from your devicesfrom third parties customer servicecompliance with legal obligation service providersthird parties compliance with legal obligations not sold * we may also collect your information to comply with laws or regulations or with legal requests that don't fit into one of the categories we've described for you. user agreement & disclaimer / terms of use please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this site. access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. please review these terms and conditions on a periodic basis, as they are subject to modification, alteration, or update at any time and at the sole discretion of b&h. if you do not agree to any term or condition, you should not use this site. i. copyright notice: this world wide web site and all of its content, including but not limited to the text and images used herein and their arrangement, is copyright ©1997 - 2025 b&h foto and electronics corp. ii. trademarks notice: b&hphoto-video.com, b&h, b&h photo-video, b&h photo-video pro-audio, the professional's source and all other b&h names, businesses, and products referenced herein are trademarks or registered trademarks. all other products and company names referenced herein, if any, may be the trademarks of their respective owners. b&h does not authorize the use of any trade name, trademark, registered trademark, logo, or any copyrighted material referenced herein for any purpose whatsoever, including non-commercial applications. iii. restrictions on use: in consideration of being allowed to use the website, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach: collecting information about the website or users of the website without our written consent; modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in the website without our written consent. using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor the website or any portion thereof; accessing or using the site for competitive purposes or for commercial purposes other than the transaction of business with b&h. disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the website. impersonating another person; distributing viruses or other harmful computer code; allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use the website; using the website for any purpose in violation of local, state, national or international laws using the website in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the terms of use. iv. third party sites: b&h may from time to time provide links and pointers to internet sites maintained by third parties ("third party sites") and it may from time to time provide materials from third parties on this website. these third party sites and any third party materials are provided for your convenience only. b&h does not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services available on these third party sites and b&h is not responsible for their content. b&h makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of these sites and the fact that b&h has provided a link to such sites is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by b&h with respect to such sites, its services, the products displayed, its owners, or its providers. you access these sites at your own risk.for more details on data privacy and how your personal information might be collected, stored and used by b&h, please see our data privacy policy. v. disclaimer: there are certain risks in using any information, software, or products found on the internet; b&h cautions you to make certain that you completely understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon, or purchasing anything via the internet. visitors to this website assume all responsibility and risk for the use of this website. information published on this website is provided without charge as a convenience to visitors, to be used for informational purposes only. nothing in this web site constitutes a recommendation or endorsement of any item, product or brand. although reasonable care has been taken with regard to this site's content, b&h does not warrant or represent that this site's content is accurate, complete, or up to date, nor does it warrant or represent that access to and use of this site or the server which makes it available will be uninterrupted, error-free, and free of computer viruses or other harmful components. the content of this site may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors for which b&h assumes no responsibility. all of the materials provided herein, including all of the materials available on third party sites, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, b&h disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. vi. limitation of liability: b&h is not responsible for any infections, contaminations, delay in operation or transmission, line failure, errors, omissions, interruptions, or defects arising out of your use of this site or with respect to the material provided and/or contained on this site. in no event shall b&h be liable for any special, direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, or any other damages of any kind, resulting from whatever cause, including but not limited to loss of use, loss profits, or loss of data, whether in an action under theories of contract, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in any way in connection with the use of or inability to use the information or materials on, or accessed through, the b&h web site. notwithstanding the above, in no event shall b&h's total liability to you for any and all claims, damages, losses and causes of action exceed the amounts paid to b&h by you in connection with the transaction claimed by you to give rise to your claim. vii. communications and submissions: by transmitting or posting any submissions to b&h or to this website you grant b&h and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use the content of such submissions for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the rights to reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such content throughout the world in any media. you also grant b&h and its affiliates and sublicensees the right, at their sole discretion without obligation to do so, to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. you further agree that the license granted herein includes all of the rights to use or authorize the use of any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such submissions for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products or services incorporating such information. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content of your submissions; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate any terms of this user agreement and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify b&h or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. you agree that neither b&h nor its licensees will be liable to you for any use of any submission. b&h has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any submissions you submit to b&h or this website and further agree that you, not b&h, have full responsibility for the content of any such submissions, including their legality, reliability and appropriateness. viii. jurisdiction and choice-of-law: b&h operates this website from its offices located in new york, new york, in the united states of america. b&h makes no representations that the materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. those who choose to access this website from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. this agreement, and any dispute, which arises from and out of this website, shall be construed with the laws of the state of new york. any legal action regarding this agreement or this website shall be brought only in either the state or federal courts located within the city of new york, new york and by using this site you consent to personal jurisdiction within these courts. ix. inquiries: if you have any questions regarding any portion of this agreement, or if you wish to inquire, regarding rights of use not explicitly granted herein, please direct questions via email to [email protected]. x. termination: b&h or you may terminate this agreement at any time. you may terminate this agreement by destroying all materials obtained from this website. b&h may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this website. xi. integration: this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and b&h and supersedes any prior oral or written arguments, understandings, or other communications between parties. this agreement may not be modified except in writing signed by both you and an authorized signatory of b&h. xii. international shipping: some manufacturers including sony and yamaha restrict us from selling some of their products outside the united states. xiii. other: the headings in this agreement are for reference purposes only and have no legal effect. if any portion of this agreement is void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this agreement shall remain in effect. one or more patents may apply to this web site, including without limitation: u.s. patent nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142. xiv. export disclaimer: items we sell are subject to u.s.a. export control laws and regulations, including the export administration regulations and the international traffic in arms regulations, and may require a license or other authorization from the u.s. government to be exported from the united states. without limitation, parties purchasing from b&h are solely responsible for determining applicable export licensing requirements and for obtaining any licenses or other authorizations from the appropriate agencies of the u.s. government that are necessary for exporting items from the united states, such as the u.s. department of commerce or the u.s. department of state. xvi. mobile terms & conditions | privacy policy terms & conditions: the short code 22634 is used by b&h photo to promote news alerts. you may opt in by submitting the keyword "bhphoto" to 22634. we send four messages/month; standard message & data rates may apply. for additional information, text "help" to short code 22634. you may opt out at any time by sending stop to short code 22634. contact us at [email protected]. supported carriers are at&t, u.s. cellular, verizon wireless, sprint, cricket, boost and t-mobile. privacy policy: please find our privacy policy here version history: version 1.0 initial agreement date: may 25, 2018 product reviews / q&a b&h ratings & reviews b&h has millions of reviews from thousands of community members, including creators, professionals, hobbyists, and everyone in between. our reviews are monitored to ensure a safe and honest shopping experience. badges these are the badges you will see throughout our site: verified buyer: verified buyer we have verified that the reviewer purchased this item from b&h or the brand's website. b&h community member: community member b&h community members are valued contributors who entered our sweepstakes when sharing this review. syndicated review: written by a customer visiting [brand logo] this review is reposted in its original state from a brand's website. product tester: product tester product testers receive free or discounted products or a sweepstakes entry in exchange for their reviews. product specifications: color:   |   style: these badges display specifications for the specific product reviewed. sorting & filtering to help you find the information relevant to you, you can: sort reviews by recency, helpfulness and star rating filter reviews by verified buyer and star rating search reviews using keywords review guidelines to ensure your review is posted on our site, please adhere to the following guidelines: star rating, review headline and review text are required fields. minimum character limit for review text is five (5) characters. maximum character limit for review text is three thousand (3000) characters. you can upload up to six images (png, gif, jpeg, heic or tiff) with a maximum size of 10mb each. focus on the product and your experience with it, both the good and the bad. refrain from using inappropriate language. if you received compensation of any kind in exchange for writing a review, including free or discounted products or services, your review will not be posted to our site. for issues related to shipping, customer service, availability, pricing, missing items or other concerns, please contact us immediately here. all reviews are subject to our terms of use as outlined below. how to submit a review log in to your b&h account or create an account. go to my orders or any product you want to review. within the my orders page, click on see order details for the order with the product you want to review. next to each eligible product there will be a write a review button. on any product page, click the reviews tab to be taken to the reviews section. on the right-hand side, there is a write a review button. click the write a review button to begin your review. select a star rating, enter a review headline, write your review and upload up to six images. after populating all fields, check to make sure your review is how you want it. reviews cannot be edited after you click submit. click submit to finish your review. your review will be moderated and, if approved, posted to our site within a few days. view past winners b&h ratings & reviews authenticity policy we know that ratings & reviews are a vital part of your shopping experience and we strive to provide honest and authentic information for our customers. you can rest assured that b&h works diligently to ensure reviews are authentic and monitored for fraudulent activity. we employ a third-party partner to moderate all reviews that are submitted to our site. this third party ensures the following: ratings & reviews are monitored for suspicious activity ratings & reviews are not removed because of a low rating or negative review high ratings or positive reviews are not requested or paid for by b&h brand representatives, vendors and others affiliated with the product or brand may not submit ratings & reviews to learn more about our review partner's authenticity policy, please click here. questions & answers ask a question on a product you are interested in and get helpful answers from our trusted community. below are the various types of answers you will see on our site. any answer without a badge is provided by fellow b&h customers. staff this answer was provided by a member of the b&h staff. representative written by a brand representative [brand logo] this answer was provided by a brand representative. b&h ratings & reviews and questions & answers terms of use these terms of use, in addition to the b&h user agreement and disclaimer ("user agreement") and the b&h privacy & security policies ("privacy policy"), govern your conduct associated with the ratings & reviews and questions & answers service (the "cgc service") offered by b & h foto & electronics corp. ("b&h photo video"). to the extent of any conflict between the user agreement and privacy policy and these terms of use, these terms of use shall control. by submitting any content to b&h photo video, you guarantee that: you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights in the content; all "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you; all content that you post is accurate; you are at least 13 years old; use of the content you supply does not violate these terms of use and will not cause injury to any person or entity. you further agree that you may not submit any content: that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading; that infringes any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation; for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party; that includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers; that contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files. you agree to indemnify and hold b&h photo video (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers, including but not limited to bazaarvoice, inc.), harmless from all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party. for any content that you submit, you grant b&h photo video a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you. all content that you submit may be used at b&h photo video's sole discretion. b&h photo video reserves the right to change, condense, withhold publication, remove or delete any content on b&h photo video's website that b&h photo video deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these terms of use. b&h photo video does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through b&h photo video to edit or delete any content you have submitted. reviews and written comments are generally posted within two to four business days. however, b&h photo video reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission to the extent authorized by law. you acknowledge that you, not b&h photo video, are responsible for the contents of your submission. none of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of b&h photo video, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third-party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees. customer service 800.221.5743 sales & expert advice 800.606.6969 live chat email us request callback close