来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211227060311/https://www.eastwood.com/customer-service-onepage
================================================================================

eastwood customer service javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. enable accessibility skip to content toggle nav do the job right search search search change order status my account my saved products sign in register my cart 800-343-9353 menu auto paints & equipautomotive finishescolors basecoatsingle stage urethaneflatscandiesclearscustom flakespearlsprimersepoxyself-etchingurethanepolyesteroptiflow roll on primer systemrust solutionstreatment videos and articlespreventionremovalrust treatment & removal products & solutions + how to techpaint guns & equipmentpaint guns eastwoodrockwooddevilbissiwataturbinepaint gun accessories replacement partsadapterscleaning suppliespainting accessoriesmixing equipmentmasking suppliessafety & protectionmust-have paint supplies & accessoriespaint booths2k aero-spray paintsoptiflow roll on primer systemunderhood paintstextured paintsunder car coatingschassis/frame paintsundercoatingsbrake caliper paintshi temp engine, exhaust, turbo paints and coatingsengine paintsexhaust coatingsinterior paints and dyespinstripingpinstriping paintbrushes/striping toolstapes & stencilsgas tankplating & chromereducers & activatorswheel and caliper paintstrunk spatter paintspaint strippers & cleanersbedliner coatingsairbrushingairbrushesaccessoriescompressorsshop floor coatingsbooks & dvdsoem color match paintweldersmig weldersmig welder buyers guidevideos and articlestig welderstig welder buyers guidevideos and articlesplasma cuttersplasma cutter buyers guidevideos and articlesmulti-process weldersstick / arc weldersflux weldersgas welding & cuttingwelding helmetswelding helmet buyers guideaccessoriesmig accessories welding wire - mig & flux coremig welder accessories buyers guidetig accessories tig tungstens & filler rodstig welder accessories buyers guideplasma cutter accessories plasma cutter accessories buyers guidearc & oxy-acetylene welding & cutting accessoriescopper weld backersclamping and fixturing toolswelding cartswelding and fab tablesclamps & toolssurface prepstud weldersspot weld cuttersbooks & dvdssafety & protectionconsumablesplasma cutterstigmigmig and flux core welding wirearc weldersmulti-process weldersreplacement partsmoney saving welder combo kitspowder coatingpowder coat gunspowdersblack powdersblue powdersbronze powdersbrown powdersclear powderscopper powdersgold powdersgray powdersgreen powdersorange powderspink powderspurple powdersred powderssilver powderstan powderswhite powdersyellow powdersugly powders3d shimmering metallic powderspowder coat primersneon powderspopular wheel powderstranslucent powdersvein powdersaccessoriesprep/strippingovens - booths - lampsvideos and articlesprepstrippingreplacement parts & consumablesprofessional powder coating systemspowder coating upgrades + consumables and accessoriespcs-1000 quick setup guidemetal fabtubing bendersbead rollersdies for motorized bead rollersdies for manual bead rollersother bead roller accessoriesmetal brakesmetal brake replacement partsshrinker/stretchersmetal cuttingsaw bladescuttersholcuttersrotabroach hole cutters for sheet metalenglish wheelsplanishing hammershammers - mallets - sandbagsmetal formingbench grinders & sandersvideos and articlesmetal machining toolsclamping and fixturingslip rollsauto bodydent repairhammers & dollieshammersdolliesspoons & pickskitsbody fillersaccessoriesbody solderingaccessoriesseam sealerssanding blocks & boardsflexible sandersblock sanderssandpaperbuffing & polishingbuff motorspaint polishingvibratory tumblers tumblerstumbler mediaaccessoriesadditivesbuff wheels & conesbuff compoundsaccessoriesexpander wheelsbuff kitspolish & protectantssound deadeningrotisserierotisserie mounting bracketsrotisserie door barsbody cartsfender rollerbody panel installationsolid rivetpop rivet and rivet nut toolspanel holdingpanel adhesivesbody panel removaldoor repair toolsinterior repairplastic & glass repairglass polishingplastic repairheadlight restorationbooks & dvdscar care suppliesshop equipmentbench grinders & sandersair compressorssingle stage air compressorstwo stage air compressorsscroll air compressors scroll compressor replacement partsair & managementair filters & dryersair lines, hoses & reelsregulators & lubricatorswork lightseastwood modular lightingled lighting buyers guideengine stands and cranesvehicle storagejacks & vehicle liftsvehicle lifts two post liftsfour post liftslow rise scissor liftsmid rise scissor liftsparking liftsalignment liftsportable liftsmobile column liftsfour post bridge jackshydraulic power unitsmotorcycle liftslift accessoriesjacks and standsdolliesparts washerstire service equipmenthydraulic pressessafety equipmentmasks and respiratorseye protectiongloves and hand protectionprotective clothingshop suppliesadditives & chemicalsbooks & dvdstool boxes & storagetool boxesportable tool boxesparts organizer storagestorage cabinetstool service cartstool box accessorieswork benches & tear down tableseastwood work benchesbadass work benchesvisesbench visesdrill press visesmachinist viseswoodworking visesvise accessoriespower invertersdrill pressesfastenerseastwood gear & merchandisecar battery chargerscreepers & rolling seatsseized bolt removal / repairbolt and screw extractorsthread repairpenetrating lubricantauto partsengineschevy/gm long block, short block, base engineschevy/gm complete and mid-dress enginesford long block, short block, base enginesford complete and mid dress engineschrysler jeep and amc engines500+ horsepower engineschevy gm long block, short block, base enginesair & fuel deliveryintake manifoldsefi and throttle body conversioncarburetors 0 to 599 cfm carbs600 to 699 cfm carbs700 to 799 cfm carbs800 to 999 cfm carbs1,000 - up cfm carbsfuel injection kits and harnessesplumbingcarburetor rebuild kitssuperchargersadditional componentsfuel deliveryair cleanersfuel tanksfuel injectorsfuel filtersfuel pumps and regulatorssuspensionshockscoil-over kitscontrol armsanti-hop and traction barsk-members and cross memberssway barstrailing armspanhard barstorque armscomponents - brackets - plates - hardwarehandling kitsreplacement sheet metalradiators & coolingexhaust systemschevy/gm chevy/gm headers and exhaust manifoldschevy/gm header-back and cat-back exhaust systemschevy/gm tail pipes - side pipes - crossover pipesfordmoparmufflers hooker mufflersmagnaflow mufflerspypes mufflersflowmaster mufflerstipscollectorsuniversal exhaust systemselectrical systemwiring harnesses universal wiring harnessescamaro - firebird wiring harnesseschevy truck and blazer wiring harnessesford truck and bronco wiring harnessesmustang wiring harnesseschevelle - malibu - el camino wiring harnessesnova & chevy ii wiring harnessesmopar wiring harnessesgto wiring harnesses55-57 chevy wiring harnessesjeep wiring harnessesignition controlselectrical - wiring - sensorsspark plug wires - distributors - coilselectrical accessoriesalternatorsafm / dfm moduleswiring kits, terminals, connectorswire sleevingamerican autowirepainless wiringecu engine control unitsin-cabin monitors - gauges - displaystuners and programmersbulbs & lightingbrake kitsgasketstransmissions - shifters - componentstransmissionsshifterstransmission componentswater pumpoil panstiming chain coversvalve covers and breathersstereos - radios - sound systemsford mustang stereoscamaro and firebird stereoschevy gmc truck stereoschevy impala stereoschevy ii nova stereoscorvette stereoschevelle - el caminospeakers and accessories for car stereos'55 - '57 chevy car stereosford truck stereosuniversal car stereossound deadeningtoolstorque wrenchessocket wrenchesratchetssocket setsimpact socket setshand toolsclamping and fixturing toolstool setssocket wrencheswrenches combination wrencheshex key wrenchestorque wrenchesratcheting wrenchesratchetsadjustable wrenchpliers plier setslocking plierscrimpers & stripperstongue & groovecutting pliersslip joint plierslong nose pliersspecialty pliersscrewdriversdrilling toolshammershooks and picksgear pullerscutting toolspunches & chiselspower toolssurface conditioning toolscutting and drilling tools saw bladescuttersholcuttersrotabroach hole cutters for sheet metalsanding grinding buffingpower tool accessoriesshop vacuumscordless power toolsair toolscutting toolssandersimpact wrenchesimpact socketsair hammersratchet wrenchesgrinders grinder accessoriespunch - flangerdrillsair tool kitsshop air accessoriesengine toolsbrake toolssuspension toolsmeasuring toolselectrical toolshvac toolstap & die setsautomotive specialty toolsbrake system toolssuspension toolsfuel system toolsengine toolsdiagnostic toolscooling system toolsoil changing toolselectrical system toolsinterior and glass toolshvac toolstransmission & drivelineexhaust system toolsabrasive blastingpressure blasterssoda blasterssiphon blasterscabinetsblast cabinet buyers guidemediaaccessoriessafety & protectionreplacement partsvideos and articlesnew itemspaints & coatingswelding & fabricationautobody toolstools & equipmentpowder coatingauto partsepic dealsshop by brand3maircraft tool supplyalcallsourcealvin productsamerican autowireastro pneumaticatd toolsatk enginesauto metal directauto twirlerautosolaxis productsbadass benchesb&mbendpakvehicle liftslift accessoriescompressorstubing bendersberkebilebeuglerblair equipmentboschbrakequipbuildpro welding tablescentral stormchanellockcertiflatchemical guyschicago pneumaticcold case radiatorscolorbondcovell creative metalworkingcrccrown automotivecustom autosoundcyclone manufacturingdannmardeb-krestodei design engineering incderale performancedevilbissdewaltdiscodrill doctordupli-colordura-blockdynabradedynamatearls performance plumbing eastwoodpaintspowder coatweldingmetal fabricationtools and shop equipeastwood eliteevans coolingevercoatevolutionextreme toolsez mixfairmount toolsfitechflowmasterfurick cupgentec torchesgersongrand rapids industrial productsgriots garageholleycarburetorsintake manifoldsfuel injection kits and harnessesfuel tanksefi and throttle body conversionholley fuel injectionfuel injectorscarburetor rebuild kitsadditonal componentsfuel pumps and regulatorsin-cabin monitors - gauges - displaysecu engine control unitstuners and programmersafm/dfm moduleshomakhomerighthooker headershorizon toolhotcoathursthushmathutchinsindasainfratechingersoll randingersoll rand compressorsingersoll rand air toolsingersoll rand hand toolsinnovaiwatajetkafkakafko oil eaterkeyscokroillincolnlincoln industriallislelizard skinmagnaflowmalcomartin toolsmastercoolmaxjaxmerrickmityvacmotofeetmr. gasketmotor guard corpmsd ignitionmultitoolnew pignoconortonone shototcpainlesspaintucationperformance toolpitpalplews & edlemanprecision abrasivespowerbuilt toolspower probepor-15pypesqa1 shocks - suspension - drivelinequickjackradnorrangerrapid airretrofit sourcerockwoodsemsp air toolssteck manufacturing companystreamlightstrong hand toolsstyle-linetillmantitantorktrafimettrue powertsunami air managment systemstuxedo distributorsus chemicalvhtvikingviper tool storageweiandwinchester metal workswiltonwoodward fabyostzendexzycoatqa1 shocks - suspension - drivelineholleyatk enginesfitech fuel injectionhooker headersflowmasterb&mhurstmsd ignitionweiandmagnaflowearls performance plumbing mr. gasket account home eastwood customer service + why eastwood?   (click here) why eastwood? tools for doing the job right • part of the diy community since 1978, attending car shows, listening to customers, and seeing first-hand how our products are used to produce a vehicle our customers are proud of • offering “solutions” which combines our 4,000+ unique products with the know-how to “do the job right” • in-house product design, development and testing with a strong track record of high-quality, innovative products • used and trusted by top builders to beginners • order anytime online, by phone, catalog or in our retail stores expert advice • expert diy advice and instruction via phone (800-343-9353), or byemail • articles and videos at the eastwood garage 100% customer satisfaction guarantee • 1-year guarantee on eastwood-branded products; all other items are backed by a 60-day unconditional money-back guarantee about eastwood the early days... like a lot of high school kids, curt strohacker worked in a service station to earn some spending money, but he also repaired cars in his free time, buying and selling countless vehicles, and learning valuable lessons about restoration. as the market for automotive refurbishing began to take off in the 1970s, curt realized that proper tools and techniques could save enthusiasts like him time and money. so in the fall of 1978, curt launched a business to better serve the burgeoning market of auto restoration and customization hobbyists, and he called it eastwood. the first eastwood catalog was eight black-and-white pages of metal-finishing tools and equipment, and with continued success in the early ’80s, curt took the catalog’s operation into a professional list house, and 5,000 copies of the catalog were distributed annually. in addition to catalog marketing, eastwood also sold its line of products directly to restorers at select car shows. in august 1983, both the mercedes and bmw car clubs unexpectedly endorsed an eastwood car wash brush—sales multiplied and the staff soon doubled. the development of the eastwood spot-weld gun, a tool which duplicates the industrial spot-welds found on virtually every metal-bodied car, proved even more fortunate for the growing retailer. at that time, most of eastwood’s new business came from magazine ads in about a dozen publications. by the end of 1985, company advertisements appeared in over 50 magazines, including hot rod, car craft, and popular mechanics. in light of this, the catalog prospered as well, comprising 96 pages with a four-color cover in its 1986 iteration, which reached over 100,000 auto restorers bimonthly. as the company prepared to move into the new decade, eastwood’s customer file quickly grew to over a half-million auto restoration and customization enthusiasts. a leader in innovation – better than paint eastwood’s own hotcoat® powder coating system revolutionized home workshops starting in 1997. by bringing an economical and easy-to-use powder-coating system into the garage, eastwood had given hobbyists a superior alternative to paint; powder-coating produced a more durable and attractive finish which easily lent itself to custom work. in september 1998, eastwood received the pennsylvania governor’s award for “environmental excellence”, recognizing the low environmental impact of the hotcoat® system. in 1999, the automotive restoration market organization (armo) awarded hotcoat® the “best new product” for that year. in 2003, eastwood introduced its english wheel and planishing hammer, enabling a wider audience to access high-end metal-shaping tools. since eastwood’s research & development department emphasized economical manufacturing processes, it allowed them to offer both of these tools to its customers for under $1,000, an achievement which the armo acknowledged with a 2004 “people’s choice” award. expansion and growth recognizing the efficiency and potential of the internet for improved customer interaction, eastwood launched separate websites for its tool catalog and its hotcoat® powder-coating products. those early sites contained information about new products and promotions, in addition to providing potential new customers with the opportunity to request an eastwood catalog. also, eastwood stocked the site with technical articles relating to its most popular products, as well as “how to” tips. beginning in january 1999, the sites also allowed customers to order all the products, integrating purchasing systems from a secure site. in order to further increase efficiency and simplicity, the hotcoat® site and tool site were both combined into the revamped, full-service, ecommerce website, eastwood.com, you’re visiting right now. though online retail has become increasingly prominent, eastwood continues to publish a monthly, full-size catalog containing quality tools and supplies vital for all facets of restoration and custom work. in november 1999, the company broke ground to build a cutting-edge headquarters, warehouse, and retail store facility northeast of philadelphia, in pottstown, pennsylvania. following an aggressive, eight-month construction project, eastwood completely relocated to pottstown in july 2000. eastwood looks to the future of restoration and customization since its inception, eastwood recognizes that change constantly takes place in the marketplace, and so strives to stay abreast of these developments by placing customer satisfaction at the forefront. in recent years, the market for automotive hobbyists has expanded beyond the “classics”, and eastwood has seen increased requests for products geared towards muscle cars, street rods, trucks and motorcycles. the explosion of the sport tuner hobby has demanded products which emphasize ease-of-use and variety, as customizers strive to make their vehicles truly unique. in response, the company has continued to be an industry pioneer, adding innovative, high-quality products to its line. for example, the hotcoat® system now allows for the powder-coating of larger parts, and in a huge array of colors and finishes. eastwood continues to prove its dedication to offering unique solutions to the challenges facing restoration and customization enthusiasts, and this devotion will ensure its place in the community. + returning products   (click here) eastwood company return policy at eastwood we care about your diy automotive projects and want you to be 100% satisfied with our products. that's how we've done business since 1978. statement of limited warranty the eastwood company (hereinafter “eastwood”) warrants to the end user (purchaser) of all new eastwood-branded tools and chemicals (collectively called the “products”) that each will be free of defects in workmanship and material. this warranty is void if the equipment has been subjected to improper installation, improper care or abnormal operations. warranty period: all warranty periods begin on the date of purchase from eastwood. warranty periods are listed below, along with the products covered during those warranty periods: 3-year warranty on material, workmanship, and defects: • eastwood elite qst-30/60 quiet scroll air compressor • eastwood mig 135 welder • eastwood mig 175 welder • eastwood mig 250 welder • eastwood mp200i welder • eastwood mp250i welder • eastwood 90a flux core welder • eastwood arc 80 stick welder • eastwood tig 200 dc • eastwood tig 200 ac/dc • eastwood tig 200 digital • eastwood versa-cut 20 • eastwood versa-cut 40 • eastwood versa-cut 60 • eastwood contour sct™ • eastwood rotisserie • concours pro hvlp paint gun items not covered under this warranty: consumables, unless deemed defective, are not covered by the 3-year warranty. abuse, neglect, and lack of maintenance is not covered under this warranty. all other components are covered by the warranty and will be repaired or replaced at the discretion of eastwood. 2-year warranty on material, workmanship and defects: • eastwood air qst-30/60 scroll compressor • eastwood 80 gal. 7.5 hp compressor • eastwood 80 gal. 5 hp compressor • eastwood 60 gal. 4.7 hp compressor • eastwood 60 gal. 3.7 hp compressor • eastwood 30 gal. 1.9 hp compressor • eastwood panoramic welding helmet • eastwood xl view welding helmet • eastwood lg view welding helmet • eastwood auto darkening helmet • concours 2 hvlp paint gun items not covered under this warranty: consumables, unless deemed defective, are not covered by the 2-year warranty. abuse, neglect, and lack of maintenance is not covered under this warranty. 1-year warranty on material, workmanship and defects: • eastwood tools not included above • fairmount tools items not covered under this warranty: consumables, unless deemed defective, are not covered by the 1-year warranty. abuse, neglect, and lack of maintenance is not covered under this warranty. 90-day warranty on material, workmanship and defects: • eastwood paints & chemicals • rockwood tools items not covered under this warranty: consumables, unless deemed defective, are not covered by the 90-day warranty. abuse, neglect, and lack of maintenance is not covered under this warranty. lifetime warranty on material, workmanship and defects: • selected eastwood hand tools carry a limited lifetime warranty items not covered under this warranty: abuse, neglect, and lack of maintenance is not covered under this warranty. conditions to obtain warranty coverage: • warranty refunds and exchanges require proof of purchase, either directly from eastwood or an authorized reseller of eastwood merchandise. • other name-brand merchandise sold by eastwood is subject to the warranty provided by the manufacturer. • purchaser must first contact eastwood at 1-800-343-9353 for an rma number before eastwood will accept any warranty returns. final determination of warranty on welding and cutting equipment will be made by eastwood. warranty repair: if eastwood confirms the existence of a defect covered under this warranty plan, eastwood will determine whether repair or replacement is the most suitable option to rectify the defect. at eastwood’s request, the purchaser must return, to eastwood, any products claimed defective under eastwood’s warranty. freight costs: the purchaser is responsible for shipment to and from eastwood. warranty limitations: eastwood will not accept responsibility or liability for repairs unless made by eastwood. eastwood’s liability under this warranty shall not exceed the cost of correcting the defect of the eastwood product. eastwood will not be liable for incidental or consequential damages (such as loss of business, etc.) caused by the defect or the time involved to correct the defect. this written warranty is the only express warranty provided by eastwood with respect to its products. warranties implied by law such as the warranty of merchantability are limited to the duration of this limited warranty for the equipment involved. this warranty gives the purchaser specific legal rights. the purchaser may also have other rights which vary from state to state. return policy before returning any item, please contact our customer solutions or tech advisors at (800) 343-9353 who can help you diagnose performance issues. unless otherwise noted, all products carry a 90-day 100% satisfaction guarantee. if, within 90 days of receipt, you are dissatisfied with a purchase from eastwood, you may return or exchange for any reason, and receive a refund, replacement or credit. beyond 90-days, for items covered by warranty, we may provide repair parts if available or replace the merchandise at our discretion as per the terms of the warranty. how to return merchandise • contact customer solutions at 800.343.9353 or help@eastwood.com to arrange your return. all returns must have a rma number. • returns with receipt may also be handled in any eastwood automotive tools store. • hazardous materials being returned may be subject to a hazardous transportation fee. • refunds are for the value of the product only. when will i receive my refund/replacement • once an item is returned and inspected, credits are issued/replacements shipped within 2 business days. • due to covid-19 restrictions, returns and replacements may be delayed 3-5 business days. limitations and exclusions to help protect our customers and make sure every return or exchange is dealt with fairly this policy is subject to a few important conditions: • equipment that, in our opinion, has been abused or misused will not be eligible for refund or replacement, even within the warranty period. • all returns for exchange or refund must be complete, with all parts and accessories. • shipments that are returned to us as "refused delivery" will be subject to a 20% restocking fee. • proof of purchase is required • books, dvds, thermometers, masks and respirators are not returnable. • shipping and handling charges are nonrefundable • valid for all items purchased from eastwood and authorized distributors of eastwood tools and supplies. all purchases from an unapproved third party are subject to the policies of the third party. • single items that ship via truck freight (not normal ground delivery services such as fedex, ups or usps) must be inspected before accepting delivery and are generally neither refundable nor returnable. repair parts will be provided during warranty period. buyer bears the cost of return shipping and may incur as much as a 25% restocking fee. buyer will also bear the cost of any storage charges assessed for merchandise that cannot be delivered due to lack of response from buyer. • eastwood is not responsible for typographical or pricing errors. prices and availability are subject to change. • if purchased at eastwood automotive tools stores, the unit may be returned to the store within the warranty period of the manufacturer only. cancelling/changing orders once your order is placed, our systems are designed to ship your products as soon as possible. unfortunately, it is not possible to stop an order from shipping or make changes to it once it has entered our system. items damaged during shipping your order has carefully been packed and thoroughly inspected and we hope that you are pleased with the item(s) you have selected. despite our care in handling, however, packages do occasionally get damaged while in transit. please check the packing list immediately against item(s) marked as shipped on front of the packing list. report any discrepancy or damage to freight carrier/agent that delivered the product to you, and sign only for the material actually delivered. if, upon further inspection, you notice concealed damage or loss, save all boxes and packaging material and notify the delivering carrier/agent. back ordered items although every attempt is made to fulfill all the items in your order in a timely fashion, eastwood occasionally runs out of stock on some items. if this occurs, you will not be charged for item(s) listed as back ordered until they are shipped. + shipping rates   (click here) domestic shipping rates to provide our customers with the best shipping rates, shipping quotes are calculated by weight and location using current fedex rates. please note - overnight shipping does not include weekend delivery. 2 & 3 day shipping does not include ship date in time frame. expedited orders need to be placed before 11:30 am est. orders containing hazardous items (item numbers ending in "z" or "zp") may only be shipped via economy or ground in the lower 48 united states and via purolator to canada. hazardous items may not be shipped via usps, overnight or 2nd day shipping, or anywhere outside the lower 48 united states and canada. a physical street address is required for all non usps orders. united states postal service is the only service available for p.o. box delivery. orders shipping to following states will be charged sales tax in accordance with state regulations: alabama, alaska, arizona, arkansas, california, colorado, connecticut, florida, georgia, hawaii, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, massachusetts, maryland, maine, michigan, mississippi, minnesota, nebraska, new mexico, new york, north carolina, north dakota, new jersey, nevada, ohio, oklahoma, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, vermont, washington, virginia, west virginia, wisconsin, wyoming. we do not currently charge sales tax for: delaware, montana, missouri, new hampshire, oregon, or washington dc. free shipping offers - exclude heavy weight/special shipping and expedited services. cannot be combined with any other email, internet or catalog offer or promotion. valid in the lower 48 united states only. canadian addresses shipping is calculated based on weight and location using current fedex rates. certain oversized items (e.g. abrasive blast cabinets), and very heavy items are subject to additional charges. please call customer service at 1-800-343-9353 for a shipping quote. "international fees" - we collect tax on all canadian transactions. prices shown and orders placed are in us dollars. + frequently asked questions   (click here) eastwood faq's can i cancel an order once it has been placed? do i have to pay sales tax? what if my business is tax-exempt? how do i check the status of my web order? what if i forget my password? what payment methods do you accept? how can i return an item? how do i exchange one product for another? what if i receive a damaged package? how do i use the "wish list" feature? what if i forget my password? what if i forgot the email address i used? ordering online (q) can i cancel an order once it has been placed?(a) you cannot use our website to cancel a submitted order, but you may call customer solutions at 1-800-343-9353 between 8:00 am - 8:00 pm eastern time, monday through friday and saturday 8:30 am - 5:00 pm eastern time. have your order number ready to expedite your request. you can also e-mail your request to customer solutions at help@eastwood.cominclude your order number and daytime telephone number. please note that we will make every attempt to cancel an order upon your request. we are committed to shipping orders as quickly as possible, so it is often too late to stop an order once it has been submitted.”[back] (q) do i have to pay sales tax?(a) orders shipping to canada, or to the following states will be charged sales tax in accordance with state regulations. alabama, alaska, arizona, arkansas, california, colorado, connecticut, florida, georgia, hawaii, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, massachusetts, maryland, maine, michigan, mississippi, minnesota, nebraska, new mexico, new york, north carolina, north dakota, new jersey, nevada, ohio, oklahoma, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, vermont, washington, virginia, west virginia, wisconsin, wyoming. we do not currently charge sales tax on orders shipping to delaware, montana, missouri, new hampshire, oregon, or washington dc. (q) what if my business is tax-exempt?(a) if you are ordering for a tax exempt organization, please send a copy of your tax exempt certificate to help@eastwood.com prior to placing your order. processing your certificate may take up to 2 business days. we are unable to remove or refund previously charged tax. we are unable to take tax exempt orders on the website as. currently, orders for tax exempt organizations must be placed via telephone at 800.343.9353. [back] (q) how do i check the status of my web order?(a) click the green "my account" button near the upper right hand corner of the page. then, on the next page, simply enter your email address and password and click on the green "login" button.[back] (q) what if i forget my password?(a) please enter your email address on the "my account" page and click on the blue "forgot your password?" link.[back] (q) what payment methods do you accept?(a) eastwood offers you several payment options: • visa (credit or debit) • mastercard (credit or debit) • discover • american express (u.s. or international) • paypal • affirm financing • sorry, we do not accept c.o.d. orders. [back] exchanges & returns (q) how can i return an item?(a) please call our customer service department at 1-800-343-9353 .[back] (q) how do i exchange one product for another?(a) please call our customer service department at 1-800-343-9353 and they will process the exchange.[back] (q) what if i receive a damaged package?(a) please call our customer service department at 1-800-343-9353 as soon as possible after receipt of the damaged package. monday through friday 8:00 am to 10:00 pm eastern time, saturday and sunday 8:30 am to 5:00 pm eastern time[back] my account information (q) how do i use the "wish list" feature?(a) use a wish list to create and maintain a list of the items you'd like to receive, and then email it to your friends and family. on each product page, you have the option to "add to wishlist" (see link near red "buy now" button). clicking on that link automatically adds that item to your wish list (you'll be asked to login if you're not already logged in). to view your wish list, click the green "my account" button near the upper right hand corner of the page. log-in (if you haven't yet) and then click on "my wish list" in the "account dashboard" on the left side of the page.[back] (q) what if i forget my password?(a) please enter your email address on the "my account" page and click on the blue "forgot your password?" link.[back] (q) what if i forgot the email address i used?(a) if you've forgotten which email address you registered with, or if you receive an error message that says, "your email address was not found in our database," please email us at help@eastwood.com. be sure to include any error message you are seeing, as well as your email address and order number, if applicable. please note: if you've registered to receive our weekly emails, but are getting the "your email address is not in our database" error, you will need to register as a "new customer" to place an order.[back] contact us newsletter subscribe to get $10 off your order! sign up for our newsletter: submit about eastwood why eastwood? contact us employment opportunities accessibility statement retail locations chicago, il edison, nj parma, oh pasadena, md pottstown, pa reno, nv services customer service my account international distributors eastwood garage hosting a car show? connect with us buy online or call 800-343-9353 tech advice: 800-343-9353 request a catalog © 2021 the eastwood company. all rights reserved. privacy policy source code: retrieving... wk582d10