来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231210011947/https://www.eastwood.com/customer-service/
================================================================================

eastwood customer service the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. enable accessibility skip to content toggle nav do the job right search search search change order status my account my saved products sign in register my cart 800-343-9353 menu auto paints & equipautomotive finishescolors basecoatsingle stage urethaneflatscandiesclearscustom flakespearlsoem select basecoat paints mixed by code or make-model-yearprimersepoxyself-etchingurethanepolyesteroptiflow roll on primer systemrust solutionstreatment videos and articlespreventionremovalrust treatment & removal products & solutions + how to tech abrasive blasting - pressure and syphon blastersabrasive blasting - blast cabinetschemically remove rustpaint over rustmechanically remove - grinders-sanders-sctmechanically remove - sanding and grinding discs, wheels, bandspaint guns & equipmentpaint guns eastwoodrockwooddevilbissiwatatitanturbinesagolajetcampbell hausfeldpaint gun accessories replacement partsadapterscleaning suppliespainting accessoriesmixing equipmentmasking suppliessafety & protectionmust-have paint supplies & accessoriespaint booths2k aerospray and duraspray paints primers clearsoptiflow roll on primer systemunderhood paintstextured paintsunder car coatingschassis and frame paintsundercoatingsbrake caliper paintshi temp engine, exhaust, turbo paints and coatingsengine paintsexhaust coatingsinterior paints and dyespinstripingpinstriping paintbrushes/striping toolstapes & stencilsgas tankplating & chromereducers & activatorswheel and caliper paintstrunk spatter paintspaint strippers & cleanersbedliner coatingsairbrushingairbrushesaccessoriescompressorsshop floor coatingsbooks & dvdsoem color match spray paintaerosol paints and coatings turbo paints and coatingsengine paintspreps, degreasers, cleaners, wipes, morehow to paint a carweldersmig welderstig weldersmulti-process weldersplasma cuttersstick / arc weldersflux weldersgas welding & cuttingwelding helmetswelding cartswelding accessoriesmig accessories welding wire - mig & flux coremig welder accessories buyers guidetig accessories tig coolers - supplies - accessoriestungsten grinders for tig weldingtig tungstens & filler rodstig welder accessories buyers guideplasma cutter accessories plasma cutter accessories buyers guideconsumablesreplacement partspowder coatingpowderspowder coat gunsprofessional powder coating systemsovens - booths - lampsaccessoriesprep & strippingreplacement parts & consumablespcs-1000 quick setup guidevideos and articlesbeginners guide to powder coatingmetal fabmetal, tubing and pipe bendersbead rollersdies for motorized bead rollersdies for manual bead rollersother bead roller accessoriesmetal brakesmetal brake replacement partsradius brakesshrinker stretchersmetal cuttingbandsawssaw bladeschop saws and cut-off sawscuttersholcuttersrotabroach hole cutters for sheet metalshearsenglish wheelsplanishing hammershammers - mallets - sandbagsmetal formingbench grinders & sandersvideos and articlesmetal machining tools - mills, lathes, accessoriesclamping and fixturingslip rollscenter punches and scribesbulls eye picksradius and contour shape gaugestubing and pipe notchersdies - dimple - flare - bead - punchauto bodycar care suppliescar wash soap and shampoowash mitts and spongesfoam cannons and sprayerstowelstire shine and cleanerswheel cleaning productsglass and window cleanersdetailing sprays and polisheswaxes and sealantspolishing and cutting compoundsbuffers and polishersbuffing and polishing padsclay barsdustersinterior and upholsteryengine compartmentundercarriage dent repairhammers & dollies & body fileshammersdolliesspoons & pickskitsbody files & slapping filesbody fillers, spreaders and accessoriesaccessoriesbody soldering - lead-free kitsaccessoriesseam sealersdustless sanding systemsanding blocks & boardsflexible sandersblock sanderslearn how to block sandsandpaperbuffing & polishingbuff motorspaint polishingvibratory tumblers tumblerstumbler mediaaccessoriesadditivesbuff wheels & conesbuff compoundsaccessoriesexpander wheelsbuff kitspolish & protectantssound deadeningrotisseriefender rollerbody panel installationsolid rivetpop rivet and rivet nut toolspanel holdingpanel adhesivesbody panel removaldoor repair toolsinterior repairplastic & glass repairglass polishingplastic repairheadlight restorationbooks & dvdsfender bumper hood & panel standsgapping toolsshop equipmentbench grinders & sanderspedestals - stands - quick change receivers and mountsair compressorssingle stage air compressorstwo stage air compressorsscroll air compressors scroll compressor replacement partsrotary screwinflatorsair & managementair filters & dryersair lines, hoses & reelsregulators & lubricatorswork lightseastwood modular lightingled lighting buyers guidedrill pressesdrill press accessories - bits - visesarbor pressesengine stands and cranesvehicle storage and dolliesjacks & vehicle liftsvehicle lifts two post liftsfour post liftslow rise scissor liftsmid rise scissor liftsparking liftsalignment liftsportable liftsmobile column liftsfour post bridge jackshydraulic power unitsmotorcycle liftslift accessoriesjacks and standsdolliesrampsparts washersparts washer brushes and accessoriesparts cleaning brushestire service equipmenttire changer machinesbead seaterswheel balancer machinesinflators and gaugestire service and changing accessorieshydraulic shop pressessafety equipmentmasks and respiratorseye protectiongloves and hand protectionprotective clothingshop suppliesadditives & chemicalsbooks & dvdstool boxes & storagetool boxesportable tool boxesorganizers, storage and binsstorage cabinetstool service cartstool box accessorieshutches for toolboxeswork benches & tear down tableseastwood work benchesbadass work benchesvisesbench visesdrill press visesmachinist viseswoodworking visesvise accessoriesstainless steel visespower invertersfastenerseastwood gear & merchandisecar battery chargerscreepers - stools - rolling seatsstandard creeperstopside creeperscreeper seatsrolling chairs, seats & stoolsseized bolt removal / repairbolt and screw extractorsinduction heatingthread repairpenetrating lubricantwoodworkingair filtration unitssaws bandsawsscroll sawstable sawsdrill pressesdovetail machinesdust collectorsgrindersjointerslathesmortisersplanerspower feederssandersshapersspecialty woodworkingvises & clamps visesclampsshop heating & coolingbandsawsdowndraft tables for sanding & grindingindustrial curtainscrushers and filter crushing toolsfans and blowersshop vacuums and accessoriesdust collectorsauto partsengineschevy/gm long block, short block, base engineschevy/gm complete and mid-dress enginesford long block, short block, base enginesford complete and mid dress engineschrysler jeep and amc engines500+ horsepower enginesengine mountsair & fuel deliveryintake manifoldsefi and throttle body conversioncarburetors 0 to 599 cfm carbs600 to 699 cfm carbs700 to 799 cfm carbs800 to 999 cfm carbs1,000 - up cfm carbsfuel injection kits and harnessesplumbingcarburetor rebuild kitsadditional componentsfuel deliveryair cleanersfuel tanksfuel injectorsfuel filtersfuel pumps and regulatorssending unitssuspensionshockscoil-over kitscontrol armsanti-hop and traction barsk-members and cross memberssway barstrailing armspanhard barstorque armscomponents - brackets - plates - hardwarehandling kitsfront suspension kitsrear suspension kitscompressors and componentssheet metalradiators & coolingradiatorsradiators + fan kitstransmission coolersfansshroudscontrollers - wiring - moreadditiveswaternecksaccessoriesexhaust systemschevy/gm chevy/gm headers and exhaust manifoldschevy/gm header-back and cat-back exhaust systemschevy/gm tail pipes - side pipes - crossover pipesfordmoparmufflers hooker mufflersmagnaflow mufflerspypes mufflersflowmaster mufflerstipscollectorsuniversal exhaust systemsmodeling kits for exhaust, headers, turboselectrical systemwiring harnesses universal wiring harnessescamaro - firebird wiring harnesseschevy truck and blazer wiring harnessesford truck and bronco wiring harnessesmustang wiring harnesseschevelle - malibu - el camino wiring harnessesnova & chevy ii wiring harnessesmopar wiring harnessesgto wiring harnesses55-57 chevy wiring harnessesjeep wiring harnessesignition controlselectrical - wiring - sensorsspark plug wires - distributors - coilselectrical accessoriesalternatorsafm / dfm moduleswiring kits, terminals, connectorswire sleevingamerican autowirepainless wiringecu engine control unitsin-cabin monitors - gauges - displaystuners and programmersheadlights - bulbs - lightinginterior partsgauges speedometerstachometerswater temperatureoil pressure and temperatureamperage - voltage gaugesfuel gaugesvacuum gaugesgauge kits stereos - radios - sound systems ford mustang stereoscamaro and firebird stereoschevy gmc truck stereoschevy impala stereoschevy ii nova stereoscorvette stereoschevelle - el caminospeakers and accessories for car stereos'55 - '57 chevy car stereosford truck stereosuniversal car stereoscar seatsseat bracketsbrake kitsgasketsweatherstrippingtransmissions - shifters - componentstransmissionsshifterstransmission componentswater pumpoil panstiming chain coversvalve covers and breathersheat controlsound deadeninghardware and fastenerswinches and accessorieslubricants - oils - additivestowing and trailer accessorieswheelstoolstorque wrenchessocket wrenchesratchetssocket setsimpact socket setscrowsfoot wrencheshand toolsclamping and fixturing toolstool setssocket wrenches socket adapterswrenches combination wrenchesbox wrenchesflare nut wrencheshex and star key wrenchestorque wrenchesratcheting wrenchesratchetsstubby wrenchesadjustable wrenchbreaker barspliers plier setslocking plierscrimpers & stripperstongue & groovecutting pliersslip joint plierslong nose and long reach pliersspecialty pliersscrewdriversdrilling toolshammers dead blow hammersball pein hammersmalletsspecialty hammershooks and picksgear pullerscutting toolspunches & chiselsmulti-toolsrivet toolswire brushes and cleaning brushespry barspower tools and accessoriessurface conditioning toolscutting and drilling tools drillsdrill bitsdrill pressesvises for drill pressessaw bladescuttersholcuttersrotabroach hole cutters for sheet metalhole sawscenter punches and scribessanding grinding buffing grinding wheels and discsangle grindersdie grinderspower tool accessoriesshop vacuumscordless power tools cordless drillspower tool kitsbatteries & chargersaccessoriesinduction heatersair toolscutting toolssanders orbital sanderscentral vacuum orbital sandersangle sandersimpact wrenchesimpact socketsair hammersratchet wrenchesgrinders angle grindersdie grindersstraight die grindersangle die grinderspencil grinderscenter wheel grindersgrinder accessoriescarbide burrspunch - flangerdrillsair tool kitsbuffers and polishersdecal - pinstripe removal & surface conditioningrouterschippers - rammers - needle scalersrivet toolsscrewdriverspaving breakersair tool accessoriestapping engine toolsbrake toolssuspension toolsmeasuring toolselectrical toolswiring connectorshvac toolstap & die setsautomotive specialty toolsbrake system toolssuspension toolsfuel system toolsengine toolsdiagnostic toolscooling system toolsoil changing toolselectrical system toolsinterior and glass toolshvac toolstransmission & drivelineexhaust system toolsbearing - race - seal toolsflaring toolsclutch toolsalignment toolsgrease guns3d printers, filaments & suppliesabrasive blastingpressure blasterssoda blasterssiphon blastersblast cabinetsblast cabinet buyers guideblast cabinet accessories and replacement partsblast mediablasting accessoriessafety & protectionreplacement parts, consumables & accessoriesvideos and articlesbrands3mac delcoaircraft tool supplyalcallsourcealvin productsamerican autowireastro pneumaticatd toolsatk enginesauto metal directauto twirlerautosolau-ve-co productsbadass workbenchesbaileigh industrialb&mbelaire air compressorsbendpakvehicle liftslift accessoriescompressorstubing bendersberkebilebeuglerbig kid blocksblair equipmentblueprint enginesblue demon welding productsboschbrakequipbuildpro welding tablesburr kingcampbell hausfeldcatcentral stormchannellockcertiflatchemical guyschicago pneumaticcobra torchescold case radiatorscolorbondcool bosscovell creative metalworkingcrccrown automotivecustom autosoundcyclone manufacturingdannmardeb-krestodei design engineering incderale performancedevilbissdewaltdiscodrill doctordupli-colordura-blockdurofixdynabradepencil grindersorbital sandersshop vacuums and suppliesdynamatearls performance plumbing eastwoodpaintspowder coatweldingmetal fabricationtools and shop equipeastwood concoursinteriorwash & waxwheels & tirestowelsbuffing & polishingglass & plasticengine compartmentceramics & graphenekitseastwood eliteedwardsevans coolingevercoatevolutionextreme toolsez mixfairmount toolsfein fisheye filterfitechfuel tanksfuel injection systemsflexturflowmasterfragola performance systemsfurick cupgator guardgemtex abrasivesgentec torchesgersonglyptalgoff'sgolden star classic auto partsgood yeargripgriots garageheatshield productsholleycarburetorsintake manifoldsfuel injection kits and harnessesfuel tanksefi and throttle body conversionholley fuel injectionfuel injectorscarburetor rebuild kitsadditonal componentsfuel pumps and regulatorsin-cabin monitors - gauges - displaysecu engine control unitstuners and programmersafm/dfm modulesheadlights - taillights - accessories - morehomakhomerighthooker headershorizon toolhotcoathursthushmathutchinsicengineworksindasainduction innovationsindustrial airinfratechingersoll randingersoll rand compressorsingersoll rand air toolsingersoll rand hand toolsinnovaiwatajetkafkakafko oil eaterkbs coatingskeyscokoul toolskroilk tool internationalleatheriquelegendary wheels lincolnlincoln industriallislelizard skinmagnaflowmalcomartin toolsmastercoolmaxjaxmerrickmetalacemetro moulded partsmile markermilwaukeepower toolspower tool kitsbatteries & chargersaccessoriesmityvacmotofeetmr. gasketmr. heatermotor guardmsd ignitionmultitoolnaked gunnew pignextled work lightsnoconortonnotcheadoemtoolsohio brush worksone shotthe original pink boxotcpainlesspaintucationpenngrade high performance oilperformance toolpitpalplews & edlemanpolyvancepor-15portabandpropowerbuilt toolspowermaticpower probeprecision abrasivesprocar by scatproforcepypesqa1 moparchevy - gmc truckquickjackquincy air compressorsrace rampsradnorrangerrapidairraytechrciretrofit sourcerev wheelsridetechcoil over suspension kitsair suspensionsway barscontrol armscoil overs and shock absorbers4 link suspensionssteeringcompressors and accessoriesrockwoods & g tool aidsagolasemsharkhideshield bedliner by tci productsshop foxmetal workingwood working air filtration unitssawsdrill pressesdovetail machinesdust collectorsgrindersjointerslathesmortisersplanerspower feederssandersshapersspecialty woodworkingshop-vacsp air toolsspc performancespeed blasterspring toolsspyder toolsss performance weld / ssp weldsteck manufacturing companystewart warnerstreamlightstrong hand toolsstyle-linesunex toolssunex lifting equipmentsunex carts & tool boxessunex hand toolssunex socket setssunex auto specialty toolssunex air toolssuperwinchthe tape thingtillmantitan liftstitan toolstorktrafimettraxiontrick shottrue powertru-flatetsitsunami air management systemstuxedo distributorsus chemicalversa mountvessel toolsvhtvikingviper tool storagevyper industrialweiandwhitesidewinchester metal workswiltonwoodward fabyostbench vises workshop gradeprofessional gradeindustrial gradelight dutymulti functionstainless steelweldingwoodworking visesdrill press visesclampsvise accessoriesvise replacement partszendexzycoatnew itemspaints - coatings - equipmentwelding & fabricationshop equipmentautobody toolstools & equipmentpowder coatingauto partswoodworking equipment shirts - hats - banners - more!epic dealsthe garage account home eastwood customer service contact uscall us have questions? looking for diy advice? talk with an eastwood expert. monday - friday 9:00am-7:00pm est (800) 343-9353 email us help@eastwood.com or submit communication via our contact us form: click here.visit us visit one of our retail stores and shop exclusive in-store deals. see stores for hours. chicago, il edison, nj parma, oh pasadena, md pottstown, pawarrantyreturn policyabout eastwoodwhy eastwoodeastwood company warranty at eastwood we care about your diy automotive projects and want you to be 100% satisfied with our products. that's how we've done business since 1978 and 2023 marks our 45th anniversary.statement of limited warrantythe eastwood company (hereinafter “eastwood”) warrants to the end user (purchaser) of all new eastwood-branded tools and chemicals (collectively called the “products”) that each will be free of defects in workmanship and material. this warranty is void if the equipment has been subjected to improper installation, improper care or abnormal operations. warranty periodsif eastwood confirms the existence of a defect covered under this warranty plan, eastwood will determine whether repair or replacement is the most suitable option to rectify the defect. at eastwood’s request, the purchaser must return, to eastwood, any products claimed defective under eastwood’s warranty. all warranty periods begin on the date of product delivery from eastwood. some examples of eastwood warranties: lifetime, 3 year, 2 year, 1 year, 90 days. see product page for specific warranty length. consumables, unless deemed defective, are not covered by the warranty. conditions to obtain warranty coverage warranty refunds and exchanges require proof of purchase, either directly from eastwood or an authorized reseller of eastwood merchandise. other name-brand merchandise sold by eastwood is subject to the warranty provided by the manufacturer. purchaser must first contact eastwood at (800) 343-9353 for an rma number before eastwood will accept any warranty returns. final determination of warranty on welding and cutting equipment will be made by eastwood. please note warranties are non-transferable. freight costthe purchaser is responsible for shipment to and from eastwood. warranty limitation eastwood will not accept responsibility or liability for repairs unless made by eastwood. eastwood’s liability under this warranty shall not exceed the cost of correcting the defect of the eastwood product. eastwood will not be liable for incidental or consequential damages (such as loss of business, etc.) caused by the defect or the time involved to correct the defect. this written warranty is the only express warranty provided by eastwood with respect to its products. warranties implied by law such as the warranty of merchantability are limited to the duration of this limited warranty for the equipment involved. this warranty gives the purchaser specific legal rights. the purchaser may also have other rights which vary from state to state. return policy before returning any item, please contact our customer solutions or tech advisors at (800) 343-9353 who can help you diagnose performance issues. unless otherwise noted, products carry a 90-day 100% satisfaction guarantee. (custom-made and other brands that ship from manufacturer may not be returnable or will follow manufacturer's policies) if, within 90 days of receipt, you are dissatisfied with a purchase from eastwood, you may return or exchange for any reason, and receive a refund, replacement or credit. beyond 90-days, for items covered by warranty, we may provide repair parts if available or replace the merchandise at our discretion as per the terms of the warranty. how to return merchandise contact customer solutions at (800) 343-9353 or help@eastwood.com to arrange your return. all returns must have a rma number. to initiate a product return, please fill out our returns form. returns with receipt may also be handled in any eastwood automotive tools store. hazardous materials being returned may be subject to a hazardous transportation fee. refunds are for the value of the product only. when will i receive my refund/replacement once an item is returned and inspected, credits are issued/replacements shipped within 5 business days. limitations and exclusions to help protect our customers and make sure every return or exchange is dealt with fairly this policy is subject to a few important conditions: equipment that, in our opinion, has been abused or misused will not be eligible for refund or replacement, even within the warranty period. all returns for exchange or refund must be complete, with all parts and accessories. shipments that are returned to us as "refused delivery" will be subject to a 20% restocking fee. proof of purchase is required books, dvds, thermometers, masks and respirators are not returnable. shipping and handling charges are nonrefundable valid for all items purchased from eastwood and authorized distributors of eastwood tools and supplies. all purchases from an unapproved third party are subject to the policies of the third party. single items that ship via truck freight (not normal ground delivery services such as fedex, ups or usps) must be inspected before accepting delivery and are generally neither refundable nor returnable. repair parts will be provided during the warranty period. buyer bears the cost of return shipping and may incur as much as a 25% restocking fee. buyer will also bear the cost of any storage charges assessed for merchandise that cannot be delivered due to lack of response from the buyer. eastwood is not responsible for typographical or pricing errors. prices and availability are subject to change. if purchased at eastwood automotive tools stores, the unit may be returned to the store within the warranty period of the manufacturer only. cancelling/changing orders once your order is placed, our systems are designed to ship your products as soon as possible. unfortunately, once an order is placed it is not able to be changed or canceled. items damaged during shipping your order has carefully been packed and thoroughly inspected and we hope that you are pleased with the item(s) you have selected. despite our care in handling, however, packages do occasionally get damaged while in transit. please check the packing list immediately against the item(s) marked as shipped on the front of the packing list. report any discrepancy or damage to the freight carrier/agent that delivered the product to you, and sign only for the delivered material. if, upon further inspection, you notice concealed damage or loss, save all boxes and packaging material, and notify the delivering carrier/agent. about eastwood the early days...like a lot of high school kids, curt strohacker worked in a service station to earn some spending money, but he also repaired cars in his free time, buying and selling countless vehicles, and learning valuable lessons about restoration. as the market for automotive refurbishing began to take off in the 1970s, curt realized that proper tools and techniques could save enthusiasts like him time and money. so in the fall of 1978, curt launched a business to better serve the burgeoning market of auto restoration and customization hobbyists, and he called it eastwood. the first eastwood catalog was eight black-and-white pages of metal-finishing tools and equipment, and with continued success in the early ’80s, curt took the catalog’s operation into a professional list house, and 5,000 copies of the catalog were distributed annually. in addition to catalog marketing, eastwood also sold its line of products directly to restorers at select car shows. in august 1983, both the mercedes and bmw car clubs unexpectedly endorsed an eastwood car wash brush—sales multiplied and the staff soon doubled. the development of the eastwood spot-weld gun, a tool which duplicates the industrial spot-welds found on virtually every metal-bodied car, proved even more fortunate for the growing retailer. at that time, most of eastwood’s new business came from magazine ads in about a dozen publications. by the end of 1985, company advertisements appeared in over 50 magazines, including hot rod, car craft, and popular mechanics. in light of this, the catalog prospered as well, comprising 96 pages with a four-color cover in its 1986 iteration, which reached over 100,000 auto restorers bimonthly. as the company prepared to move into the new decade, eastwood’s customer file quickly grew to over a half-million auto restoration and customization enthusiasts. a leader in innovation – better than painteastwood’s own hotcoat® powder coating system revolutionized home workshops starting in 1997. by bringing an economical and easy-to-use powder-coating system into the garage, eastwood had given hobbyists a superior alternative to paint; powder-coating produced a more durable and attractive finish which easily lent itself to custom work. in september 1998, eastwood received the pennsylvania governor’s award for "environmental excellence", recognizing the low environmental impact of the hotcoat® system. in 1999, the automotive restoration market organization (armo) awarded hotcoat® the "best new product" for that year. in 2003, eastwood introduced its english wheel and planishing hammer, enabling a wider audience to access high-end metal-shaping tools. since eastwood’s research & development department emphasized economical manufacturing processes, it allowed them to offer both of these tools to its customers for under $1,000, an achievement which the armo acknowledged with a 2004 "people’s choice" award. expansion and growthrecognizing the efficiency and potential of the internet for improved customer interaction, eastwood launched separate websites for its tool catalog and its hotcoat® powder-coating products. those early sites contained information about new products and promotions, in addition to providing potential new customers with the opportunity to request an eastwood catalog. also, eastwood stocked the site with technical articles relating to its most popular products, as well as "how to" tips. beginning in january 1999, the sites also allowed customers to order all the products, integrating purchasing systems from a secure site. in order to further increase efficiency and simplicity, the hotcoat® site and tool site were both combined into the revamped, full-service, ecommerce website, eastwood.com, you’re visiting right now. in november 1999, the company broke ground to build a cutting-edge headquarters, warehouse, and retail store facility northeast of philadelphia, in pottstown, pennsylvania. following an aggressive, eight-month construction project, eastwood completely relocated to pottstown in july 2000. the 21st century has seen eastwood become one of the leading online retailers of automotive restoration products and supplies, while continuing to be the most innovative company in the industry. we have even begun to open brick and mortar retail outlets across the country. with in-house developed products from real restoration enthusiasts, eastwood has brought you the contour sct for stripping rust, paint and body filler, the qst 30/60 scroll compressor that powers all of your tools with the noise level of conversation. and the popularity of that air compressor led to the development of the industrial 3-phase version the qst 60-120. these amazing products brought a new brand – eastwood elite – which truly displayed the dedication to innovation. the welding line expanded to include professional mig, tig and even multi-process welders that were true ac/dc tig machines that could also mig weld. the elite cc500 and p500 hvlp paint guns were launched to provide incredible results. the home powder coating systems were improved and professional guns were added to the lineup. elite bead rollers , english wheels, shrinker-stretchers, panel cutting saws and tig welding tungsten grinders were added to the lineup. and the spring of 2023 saw one of the most innovative and helpful products ever developed for the auto resto industry – the elite contour dsb dustless sanding block system. the sanding block that allows you to block sand your car without you and your floor getting covered in dust while getting those laser straight panels you want. eastwood looks to the future of restoration and customizationsince its inception, eastwood recognizes that change constantly takes place in the marketplace, and so strives to stay abreast of these developments by placing customer satisfaction at the forefront. in recent years, the market for automotive hobbyists has expanded beyond the "classics", and eastwood has seen increased requests for products geared towards muscle cars, street rods, trucks and motorcycles. the explosion of the sport tuner hobby has demanded products which emphasize ease-of-use and variety, as customizers strive to make their vehicles truly unique. in response, the company has continued to be an industry pioneer, adding innovative, high-quality products to its line. for example, the hotcoat® system now allows for the powder-coating of larger parts, and in a huge array of colors and finishes. eastwood continues to prove its dedication to offering unique solutions to the challenges facing restoration and customization enthusiasts, and this devotion will ensure its place in the community. why eastwood? tools for doing the job rightpart of the diy community since 1978, attending car shows, listening to customers, and seeing first-hand how our products are used to produce a vehicle our customers are proud of offering “solutions” which combines our 4,000+ unique products with the know-how to “do the job right” in-house product design, development and testing with a strong track record of high-quality, innovative products used and trusted by top builders to beginners order anytime online, by phone, or in our retail stores expert adviceexpert diy advice and instruction via phone (800) 343-9353, online chat, email, and our solutions.100% customer satisfaction guaranteeat eastwood we care about your diy automotive projects and want you to be 100% satisfied with our products. see our guarantee. newsletter subscribe to get $10 off your order! sign up for our newsletter: submit about eastwood why eastwood? contact us employment opportunities accessibility statement retail locations chicago, il edison, nj parma, oh pasadena, md pottstown, pa reno, nv services customer service my account international distributors eastwood garage hosting a car show? returns connect with us buy online or call 800-343-9353 tech advice: 800-343-9353 contact us talk to an expert: 800-343-9353 order oem paint: 800-469-7940 email usabout us why eastwood? employment opportunities eastwood gift cards shop all brandsservices customer service my account check order status shipping returns warranty international distributors hosting a car show? eastwood garage eastwood business (b2b sales)retail locations chicago, il edison, nj parma, oh pasadena, md pottstown, paconnect with us head> ©2023 the eastwood company. all rights reserved. terms & conditions | privacy policy | accessibility statement