来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250517084329/https://www.eastwood.com/customer-service-onepage
================================================================================

customer solutions | eastwood the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. b2b sales eastwood.com the garage enable accessibility enable accessibility flashback to father’s day: up to 65% off. click to get what you really wanted.  |  see details skip to content sign in create an account compare products toggle nav search search advanced search search sign in register order status my account my saved products talk to a diy automotive expert 800-343-9353 mon-fri: 9am - 6pm et live chat customer service eastwood retail locations talk to a diy automotive expert800-343-9353mon-fri: 9am - 6pm et live chat sun - thurs: 9am - 11:59pm etfri - sat: 9am - 6pm et chat now email us project advisoradvice & product recommendations:projectadvisors@eastwood.com customer serviceorder questions & general information:help@eastwood.com technical supporttechnical support & troubleshooting:tech@eastwood.comcustomer serviceeastwood retail locations my cart menu auto paints & paint equipment shop all auto paints & paint equipmentautomotive paintshop all automotive paintcolorsshop all colorsbasecoatsingle stage urethaneflatscandy paintclearscustomshop all customflakespearlsoem select car & truck paintsreducers & activatorspaint guns & equipmentshop all paint guns & equipmentpaint gunspaint gun accessoriesmixing equipmentpaint masking suppliessafety & protectionpaint boothsoptiflow roll on primer systemprimersshop all primersepoxyself-etchingurethanepolyester2k aerospray paints primers clearsshop all 2k aerospray paints primers clears2k aerospray engine paints2k aerospray primers & top coats2k aerospray wheel & caliper paintsaerosol paints & coatingsairbrushingshop all airbrushingairbrushesaccessoriesbedliner coatingsgas tankhi temp engine, exhaust, turbo paints & coatingsshop all hi temp engine, exhaust, turbo paints & coatingsengine paintsexhaust coatingsinterior paints and dyespaint strippers & cleanerspinstripingshop all pinstripingpinstriping paintplating & chromepreps, degreasers, cleaners, wipestouch-up pens & equipmentunder car coatingsshop all under car coatingschassis and frame paintsundercoatingsunderhood paintswheel and caliper paintsshop all wheel and caliper paintsbrake caliper paintsbooks & dvdshow to paint a car welding shop all weldingweldersshop all weldersmig welderstig weldersflux core weldersgas welding & cuttinglaser weldersmulti-process weldersstick and arc welderscnc tablesplasma cuttersfixturing & clampingshop all fixturing & clampingwelding tableswelding fixturesmagnets, holders & backerswelding consumablesshop all welding consumablesmig consumablestig consumableswelding protective equipmentshop all welding protective equipmentwelding helmetsgloves & jacketsshields & blanketsaccessories & toolsshop all accessories & toolswelding cartsspool guns & torcheswelding toolswelding gas lens kitsreplacement parts rust shop all rusttreatmentpreventionremoval powder coating shop all powder coatingpowdersshop all powdersblackblueclearsgold, coppergreenorange, yellowprimerspurple, pinkredsilver, chromewhite, creampowder coat gunspowder coating boothspowder coating ovenspowder coating heat lampspowder accessoriesprep & strippingreplacement parts metal fabrication shop all metal fabricationbead rollersshop all bead rollersbead rollersdies for motorized bead rollersdies for manual bead rollersbench grinders & sandersclamping & fixturingshop all clamping & fixturingclampingrivet toolsenglish wheelslayout toolsmetal bending & shapingshop all metal bending & shapingironworkersmetal & radius brakesmetal brake replacement partshammers, mallets & sandbagsplanishing hammersslip rollsmetal cuttingshop all metal cuttingbandsawssaw bladeschop saws & cut-off sawshole cuttersshears & snipsmills & lathesshop all mills & lathesmillslathespunch & bead diesshrinker stretcherstube bendingshop all tube bendingtube benderstube notchers auto body shop all auto bodybody fillersbody solderbooks & dvdsdent repairdoor repair toolsfender rollerhammer & dollyshop all hammer & dollydollieshammersspoons & pickskitsbody & slapping filesinterior repairpaint & fender standspanel replacementshop all panel replacementbody panel installationshop all body panel installationpanel adhesivessolid rivetpanel holdingpop & nut rivet toolsplastic & glass repairshop all plastic & glass repairplastic repairrotisserie & body cartsshop all rotisserie & body cartsrotisseriesbody cartssanding blocks & boardsshop all sanding blocks & boardsdustless sanding systemflexible sandersblock sanderssandpaperseam sealerssound deadening shop equipment shop all shop equipmentair compressorsshop all air compressorsscroll air compressorsair managementshop all air managementair filters & dryersair lines, hoses & reelsregulators & lubricatorsbench grinders & sandersshop all bench grinders & sandersgrinders & sanderspedestals & standscreepers & seatingshop all creepers & seatingstandard creepersrolling chairs, seats & stoolsdrill presseseastwood merchengine stands and cranesjacks, lifts & dolliesshop all jacks, lifts & dolliestwo post liftsfour post liftsscissor liftsfour post bridge jackshydraulic power unitslift accessoriesjacks & standsdolliesrampsparts washerssafety equipmentshop all safety equipmentmasks & respiratorseye protectionhand protectionprotective clothingseized bolt removalshop all seized bolt removalbolt & screw extractorsinduction heatingthread repairpenetrating lubricantshop pressesshop suppliesshop all shop suppliespower managementshop heating & coolingfans & blowersshop vacuumsdust collectorscleaning suppliesadditives & chemicalsbooks & dvdstool boxes & storageshop all tool boxes & storagetool boxesportable tool boxesorganizers, storage & binsstorage cabinetstool service cartstire service equipmentshop all tire service equipmenttire changer machinesbead seaterswheel balancer machinesinflators & gaugeswoodworkingwork benches & tablesshop all work benches & tableswork benchestear down tableswork lightsvisesshop all visesbench visesdrill press visesvise accessories auto parts shop all auto partsair & fuel deliveryshop all air & fuel deliverycarburetorsfittings & hosesfuel injectionshop all fuel injectionefi conversionfuel injection kitsfuel tanksshop all fuel tanksfuel tanksintake manifoldsbrake kitscooling & heatingshop all cooling & heatingradiators & fan kitselectrical systemshop all electrical systemelectrical wiringignitioncharging systemsengines & componentsexhaust systemsrestorationshop all restorationsheet metalheat controlsound deadeningsuspensionshop all suspensionsuspension kits & componentscontrol & trailing armstransmissions & shifterstrailer, towing & wincheswheelsshop all wheelsclassic wheels tools shop all toolsair toolsshop all air toolsair hammersair tool accessoriesbuffing & polishingblow guns & inflatorscutting & drilling toolsshop all cutting & drilling toolssawsbladesdrillsdrill bitscutters, shears & nibblersimpact wrenches & socketsshop all impact wrenches & socketsimpact wrenchesimpact socketsneedle scalerspinstripe & decal removalpunches & flangersratchetssanding & grindingshop all sanding & grindingorbital sandersbelt sandersangle sandersangle grindersdie grindersautomotive specialty toolsshop all automotive specialty toolsalignment & suspensionbearing, race & seal toolsbrake system toolsdiagnostic & electrical systemexhaust system toolsflaring toolsgear pullersfuel, engine & cooling systemhvac toolsinterior & glass toolsoil changing toolstransmission & drivelinehand toolsshop all hand toolsclampshammersknives & cutting toolsplierspry barspunches & chiselsrivet toolsscrewdrivers & nut driverssockets & ratchetsspecialty hand toolstool setswrenchespower toolsshop all power toolscutting & drilling toolsshop all cutting & drilling toolsbladesdrill presses & visesdrillscutters, shears & nibblershole cutters & hole sawssawscordless power toolsshop all cordless power toolscordless power tool kitscordless sanders & grinderscordless impact wrenchescordless cutting toolscordless drillsbatteries & chargersinduction heaterspower tool accessoriessanding & grindingsurface conditioning tools abrasive blasting shop all abrasive blastingblast cabinetsblast mediablasting accessoriesblasting consumables & partsshop all blasting consumables & partsblast cabinet partspressure blaster partssiphon blaster partspressure blasterssiphon blasterssoda blasterssafety & protection detailing shop all detailingceramics & graphenedetailing kitsengine & undercarriageglass & plasticinteriormetal polishingshop all metal polishingbuff motorsvibratory tumblersbuff compoundsbuff wheels & conesbuff kitspaint polishingshop all paint polishingbuffers & polishersdetail sprays & polishescut & polish compoundstowels & dustersshop all towels & dusterstowelsdusterswash & waxshop all wash & waxcar wash soap & shampoomitts, sponges, sprayerswaxes & sealantswheels & tires new epic deals education: diy on-demand & in-person classesthe garage: diy articles, projects, podcasts & resourceseastwood b2b: business to business sales account sign in create an account order status my account my saved products contact us talk to a diy automotive expert800-343-9353mon-fri: 9am - 6pm et live chat sun - thurs: 9am - 11:59pm etfri - sat: 9am - 6pm et chat now email us project advisoradvice & product recommendations:projectadvisors@eastwood.com customer serviceorder questions & general information:help@eastwood.com technical supporttechnical support & troubleshooting:tech@eastwood.comcustomer serviceeastwood retail locations customer solutions phone hours: mon - fri 9am - 6pmchat hours: sun 6pm - 11:55pm, mon - thurs 10:30am - 11:55pm, fri 10:30am - 6pmeastwood's phone and chat hours are on eastern time.project advisorlooking for advice on your project?need product recommendations? call: 1 (800) 343-9353 and select option 1email: projectadvisors@eastwood.comcustomer servicehave a question about an order you've placed?need more information about your recent order? call: 1 (800) 343-9353 and select option 2email: help@eastwood.com technical supportneed post-purchase technical support?troubleshooting your eastwood product? call: 1 (800) 343-9353 and select option 3email: tech@eastwood.com  visit us visit an eastwood retail store today! shop exclusive in-store deals, and attend an upcoming event. see stores for details and store hours.chicago, il parma, oh pasadena, md pottstown, pa warranty exclusions return policy shipping policy about eastwood why eastwood eastwood company warranty at eastwood we care about your diy automotive projects and want you to be 100% satisfied with our products. that's how we've done business since 1978 and 2023 marks our 45th anniversary.statement of limited warrantythe eastwood company (hereinafter “eastwood”) warrants to the end user (purchaser) of all new eastwood-branded tools and chemicals (collectively called the “products”) that each will be free of defects in workmanship and material. this warranty is void if the equipment has been subjected to improper installation, improper care or abnormal operations.warranty periodsif eastwood confirms the existence of a defect covered under this warranty plan, eastwood will determine whether repair or replacement is the most suitable option to rectify the defect. at eastwood’s request, the purchaser must return, to eastwood, any products claimed defective under eastwood’s warranty. all warranty periods begin on the date of product delivery from eastwood. some examples of eastwood warranties:lifetime, 3 year, 2 year, 1 year, 90 days. see product page for specific warranty length. consumables, unless deemed defective, are not covered by the warranty. conditions to obtain warranty coveragewarranty refunds and exchanges require proof of purchase, either directly from eastwood or an authorized reseller of eastwood merchandise. other name-brand merchandise sold by eastwood is subject to the warranty provided by the manufacturer. purchaser must first contact eastwood at (800) 343-9353 for an rma number before eastwood will accept any warranty returns. final determination of warranty on welding and cutting equipment will be made by eastwood. please note warranties are non-transferable. freight costthe purchaser is responsible for shipment to and from eastwood.warranty limitationeastwood will not accept responsibility or liability for repairs unless made by eastwood. eastwood’s liability under this warranty shall not exceed the cost of correcting the defect of the eastwood product. eastwood will not be liable for incidental or consequential damages (such as loss of business, etc.) caused by the defect or the time involved to correct the defect. this written warranty is the only express warranty provided by eastwood with respect to its products. warranties implied by law such as the warranty of merchantability are limited to the duration of this limited warranty for the equipment involved. this warranty gives the purchaser specific legal rights. the purchaser may also have other rights which vary from state to state. sales & promotional exclusions all offers, specials and discounts are subject to exclusions and, valid on orders placed only through www.eastwood.com.special offers and promotional pricing cannot be combined with other offers. prices and availability are subject to change without notice.call to confirm prices and availability. eastwood reserves the right to substitute items of greater value. errors in typography, descriptions and/or photography are subject to correction. offers are valid on new orders only & unless otherwise stated, previous purchases are excluded from this offer (1).specially priced merchandise, or products that are already deeply discounted (2), may be excluded from any promotional offer.in the event that free shipping is included in a special promotion, exclusions may apply (3). special promotional or sale pricing cannot be combined with other offers.  your restoration project is our top priority and we guarantee your satisfaction! we're proud of the products that we sell, the technical knowledge we share, and the friendly service we provide. if your eastwood experience is less than 100% satisfactory, call us toll-free at 800-343-9353, or email help@eastwood.com with any questions - we promise to make it right. 1. new order only exclusionspromotional offers are limited to new orders placed during the window of time in which the offer occurred. specials & promotional pricing with this exclusion are typically one of, but not limited to, the following: flash sales midday madness door busters black friday/cyber monday holiday specific promotions 2. discounted price exclusionsproducts that are already discounted, or priced low, may be excluded from $ off or % off discounts due to their already reduced pricing and cannot be combined with additional promotional offers. 3. shipping exclusionsrefers to products that are not shipped via freight or are assigned a flat rate shipping fee. bulk quantity of items that necessitate a pallet for shipping are classified as freight and are also excluded. the item(s) cannothave dimensions that exceed the limits for standard ups ground, cannot weigh over 50.00 lbs including shipping materials, or both. free shipping offers are limited to shipping addresses within the contiguous united states.  return policy unless otherwise noted, products carry a 90-day 100% satisfaction guarantee if, within 90 days of receipt, you are dissatisfied with a purchase from eastwood, you may return or exchange for any reason, and receive a refund, replacement or credit.beyond 90-days, for items covered by warranty, we may provide repair parts if available or replace the merchandise at our discretion as per the terms of the warranty. for additional information related to our warranty policies, please reference the product manual or, the warranty information found on our website.all returns are subject to a 10% restocking fee.  how to return merchandiseplease contact customer solutions by phone at (800) 343-9353 (option 1), by email at help@eastwood.com or, initiate your return by filling out our returns form. all returns must have a rma number. returns with receipt may also be handled in any eastwood automotive tools store. (see store information for hours of operation.) hazardous materials being returned may be subject to a hazardous transportation fee. refunds are for the value at the original point of sale of the product only.  costs of return shipping are the responsibility of the customer but can be arranged when requesting the return and deducted from the value of the product. when will i receive my refund/replacementonce an item is returned and inspected, credits are issued/replacements shipped within 5 business days. refunds should typically reflect back to the card used to make the original purchase within 5 to 7 business days depending on the entity that issued your card. all applicable fees such as the cost of return shipping and restocking fee are deducted from the refund total before issuance. limitations and exclusionsto help protect our customers and make sure every return or exchange is dealt with fairly this policy is subject to a few important conditions:proof of purchase is required. if purchased at eastwood automotive tools stores, the unit may be returned to the store within the warranty period of the manufacturer. custom-made products or, brands that ship directly from the manufacturer may be nonreturnable or may be subject to the manufacturer's policies. equipment that has been determined to have been abused, misused, or damaged beyond standard usage of the product will not be eligible for refund or replacement - even within the warranty period. all returns for exchange or refund must be complete, with all parts and accessories. books, dvds, thermometers, masks, respirators, and other similar ppe products are not returnable. shipping and handling charges are non-refundable. single items that ship via ltl or truck freight (delivery services ups or usps) must be inspected before accepting delivery. buyer is responsible for the cost of any storage charges assessed for merchandise that cannot be delivered due to lack of response from the buyer. certain parts (i.e. electrical components) may be subject to additional scrutiny upon return. refund eligibility will be communicated upon receipt and inspection. cancelling/changing ordersonce your order is placed, our systems are designed to ship your products as soon as possible. unfortunately, once an order is placed it is not able to be changed or canceled. please note - shipments that are returned to us as "refused delivery" will be subject to the 10% restocking fee. items damaged during shippingyour order has carefully been packed, thoroughly inspected and, we hope that you are pleased with the item(s) you have selected. despite our care in handling, packages do occasionally get damaged while in transit. please check the packing list immediately against the item(s) marked as shipped on the front of the packing list. report any discrepancy or damage to the freight carrier/agent that delivered the product to you, and sign only for the delivered material. if, upon further inspection, you notice concealed damage or loss, save all boxes and packaging material, and notify the delivering carrier/agent.for further assistance, please contact customer solutions to speak with one of our customer service advisors at (800) 343-9353*the above return policy is valid for all items purchased from eastwood and authorized distributors of eastwood tools and supplies. all purchases from an unapproved third party are subject to the policies of the third party. shipping options our warehouse is committed to processing and shipping any and all products safely and quickly so that you can do the job right.if you ever encounter an issue related to a delayed or lost order, customer service advisors are available to assist you monday - friday, 9:00 am to 7:00 pm est. more information can be found under the customer service section of our website.please see below for additional information:please allow up to 24 business hours for the processing and handling of all orders shipped directly from eastwood, unless otherwise stated. products shipped directly from the manufacturer may have shipping option restrictions. delivery times for standard or expedited shipping refer to the expected time of delivery from the time that the package is received by the carrier and does not include processing & handling time. orders placed monday - friday before 12:00 pm est are typically processed that day, excluding holidays or instances where operations may be impacted due to unforeseen circumstances such as inclement weather. restrictions: paints, chemicals & hazardous materials:hazardous materials are regulated when transported via air and are not eligible for next day or 2nd day air. hazardous materials are not eligible for ups ground to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico. additional information on shipping hazardous materials can be found here: ups.com/hazmat standard & expedited shipping options:shipping maps & zones:in order to determine which shipping option may best fit your needs, you can check your zone here: ups.com/maps ups surepost®an economy service for non-urgent business or consumer needs of low value. ups makes the shipment pick-up, and the u.s. postal service (usps) makes the final delivery, seven days a week. sunday delivery is only in select areas with saturday operations and valid sunday service zip codes with the usps. full visibility of tracking from http://ups.com with delivery scans by end of day only available to residential addresses in the contiguous 48 states. not eligible for apo/dpo/fpo addresses or po boxes. ups groundcost-effective, reliable, ground delivery. expected delivery time is within one to five business days from the time it is received by the carrier. see ups for approximate time frame once received from the carrier u.s. ground maps: www.ups.com/maps saturday delivery is standard for most residential addresses tracking information for your shipment, 24/7 via www.ups.com/track delivered to businesses and homes in all 50 states and puerto rico. weight & dimension limitations may apply. ups 2nd day airbest for when there may be deadlines. lower cost expedited shipping alternative. expected delivery within 2 days, including saturdays, once received by the carrier. available in all 50 states and puerto rico with some limitations in alaska & hawaii weight & dimension limitations may apply. hazardous materials are not eligible for 2nd day air. ups next day airpremium expedited shipping, best for urgent shipments time-definite next day delivery, once received by the carrier. available to all 50 states and puerto rico. weight & dimension limitations may apply. hazardous materials are not eligible for next day air   freight truck deliveries there are a few important things you'll need to consider to make sure there are no issues with your freight truck delivery. please review the information here and feel free to contact us if any questions!freight delivery requirements:if delivering to a location without a loading dock, your options are:delivery to your home: freight carriers have a variety of truck sizes and services that they can offer you when making final delivery. when the carrier reaches out to schedule your delivery appointment, it is critically important that you provide them with a description of your street and area so they can make sure the freight is loaded and delivered with the proper equipment. the carrier will only park on your curb (as long as it is not a highway), they will not come down your driveway. the road surface must be paved. other carrier limitations may apply (may not be able to deliver to cul-de-sac, private road or dead end). pickup: when the freight carrier calls you to make a delivery appointment, you may choose to pick up your shipment from the carrier's local service center. they will load it onto your vehicle. please make sure your vehicle is capable of handling the weight and bring plenty of tie-downs to secure the load freight delivery checklist:schedule the drop-off: the carrier will call to make an appointment, usually at least a day in advance. they deliver during regular business hours. please make sure to provide the best phone number to reach you when placing your order to prevent your order from being delayed or returned to us. be prepared to unload: once the carrier arrives you will be responsible for unloading the freight if there is no loading dock. if you cannot unload, liftgate service can be selected during checkout. with liftgate, the carrier will either assist with hand offloading or employ the use of a traditional hydraulic lift. you will still be responsible for moving the freight from the curbside to your shop or garage once it is off the truck. always inspect and record any damage. do not sign until inspected, and reject the shipment if there is any damage. it is extremely important that you write any box damage, no matter how minor, on the delivery/rejection receipt in case we need to replace the machine. this includes any dents, scuffs, tears, holes or if the original packaging appears to have been modified. it is also vital to verify the number of boxes received and write any shortages on the delivery receipt. if there is anything damaged, missing and/or repackaged make sure to take photos and reject the package. you will also need to call us to report the damage and we will work to resolve the issue for you as quickly as possible.please watch this short video on inspecting your freight shipment!  freight delivery lead time:we estimate, but cannot guarantee, that freight shipments may take 1-2 weeks for delivery due to carrier schedules. if the carrier considers your address to be rural, it could take an additional week for delivery depending how often they deliver in your area! about eastwood the early days...like a lot of high school kids, curt strohacker worked in a service station to earn some spending money, but he also repaired cars in his free time, buying and selling countless vehicles, and learning valuable lessons about restoration. as the market for automotive refurbishing began to take off in the 1970s, curt realized that proper tools and techniques could save enthusiasts like him time and money.so in the fall of 1978, curt launched a business to better serve the burgeoning market of auto restoration and customization hobbyists, and he called it eastwood.the first eastwood catalog was eight black-and-white pages of metal-finishing tools and equipment, and with continued success in the early ’80s, curt took the catalog’s operation into a professional list house, and 5,000 copies of the catalog were distributed annually. in addition to catalog marketing, eastwood also sold its line of products directly to restorers at select car shows.in august 1983, both the mercedes and bmw car clubs unexpectedly endorsed an eastwood car wash brush—sales multiplied and the staff soon doubled. the development of the eastwood spot-weld gun, a tool which duplicates the industrial spot-welds found on virtually every metal-bodied car, proved even more fortunate for the growing retailer.at that time, most of eastwood’s new business came from magazine ads in about a dozen publications. by the end of 1985, company advertisements appeared in over 50 magazines, including hot rod, car craft, and popular mechanics. in light of this, the catalog prospered as well, comprising 96 pages with a four-color cover in its 1986 iteration, which reached over 100,000 auto restorers bimonthly. as the company prepared to move into the new decade, eastwood’s customer file quickly grew to over a half-million auto restoration and customization enthusiasts.a leader in innovation – better than painteastwood’s own hotcoat® powder coating system revolutionized home workshops starting in 1997. by bringing an economical and easy-to-use powder-coating system into the garage, eastwood had given hobbyists a superior alternative to paint; powder-coating produced a more durable and attractive finish which easily lent itself to custom work. in september 1998, eastwood received the pennsylvania governor’s award for "environmental excellence", recognizing the low environmental impact of the hotcoat® system. in 1999, the automotive restoration market organization (armo) awarded hotcoat® the "best new product" for that year.in 2003, eastwood introduced its english wheel and planishing hammer, enabling a wider audience to access high-end metal-shaping tools. since eastwood’s research & development department emphasized economical manufacturing processes, it allowed them to offer both of these tools to its customers for under $1,000, an achievement which the armo acknowledged with a 2004 "people’s choice" award.expansion and growthrecognizing the efficiency and potential of the internet for improved customer interaction, eastwood launched separate websites for its tool catalog and its hotcoat® powder-coating products. those early sites contained information about new products and promotions, in addition to providing potential new customers with the opportunity to request an eastwood catalog. also, eastwood stocked the site with technical articles relating to its most popular products, as well as "how to" tips.beginning in january 1999, the sites also allowed customers to order all the products, integrating purchasing systems from a secure site. in order to further increase efficiency and simplicity, the hotcoat® site and tool site were both combined into the revamped, full-service, ecommerce website, eastwood.com, you’re visiting right now.in november 1999, the company broke ground to build a cutting-edge headquarters, warehouse, and retail store facility northeast of philadelphia, in pottstown, pennsylvania. following an aggressive, eight-month construction project, eastwood completely relocated to pottstown in july 2000.the 21st century has seen eastwood become one of the leading online retailers of automotive restoration products and supplies, while continuing to be the most innovative company in the industry. we have even begun to open brick and mortar retail outlets across the country. with in-house developed products from real restoration enthusiasts, eastwood has brought you the contour sct for stripping rust, paint and body filler, the qst 30/60 scroll compressor that powers all of your tools with the noise level of conversation. and the popularity of that air compressor led to the development of the industrial 3-phase version the qst 60-120. these amazing products brought a new brand – eastwood elite – which truly displayed the dedication to innovation. the welding line expanded to include professional mig, tig and even multi-process welders that were true ac/dc tig machines that could also mig weld. the elite cc500 and p500 hvlp paint guns were launched to provide incredible results. the home powder coating systems were improved and professional guns were added to the lineup. elite bead rollers , english wheels, shrinker-stretchers, panel cutting saws and tig welding tungsten grinders were added to the lineup. and the spring of 2023 saw one of the most innovative and helpful products ever developed for the auto resto industry – the elite contour dsb dustless sanding block system. the sanding block that allows you to block sand your car without you and your floor getting covered in dust while getting those laser straight panels you want. eastwood looks to the future of restoration and customizationsince its inception, eastwood recognizes that change constantly takes place in the marketplace, and so strives to stay abreast of these developments by placing customer satisfaction at the forefront. in recent years, the market for automotive hobbyists has expanded beyond the "classics", and eastwood has seen increased requests for products geared towards muscle cars, street rods, trucks and motorcycles. the explosion of the sport tuner hobby has demanded products which emphasize ease-of-use and variety, as customizers strive to make their vehicles truly unique. in response, the company has continued to be an industry pioneer, adding innovative, high-quality products to its line. for example, the hotcoat® system now allows for the powder-coating of larger parts, and in a huge array of colors and finishes. eastwood continues to prove its dedication to offering unique solutions to the challenges facing restoration and customization enthusiasts, and this devotion will ensure its place in the community. why eastwood tools for doing the job rightpart of the diy community since 1978, attending car shows, listening to customers, and seeing first-hand how our products are used to produce a vehicle our customers are proud ofoffering “solutions” which combines our 4,000+ unique products with the know-how to “do the job right” in-house product design, development and testing with a strong track record of high-quality, innovative products used and trusted by top builders to beginners order anytime online, by phone, or in our retail stores expert adviceexpert diy advice and instruction via phone (800) 343-9353, online chat, email, and our solutions.100% customer satisfaction guaranteeat eastwood we care about your diy automotive projects and want you to be 100% satisfied with our products. see our guarantee. get a quote for customer name customer email phone number comment submit 100% satisfaction guarantee since 1978we stand behind our solutions and customers. 100% satisfaction guarantee since 1978we stand behind our solutions and customers.  eastwood garage is your resource center for diy automotive restoration. browse technical articles, read about our project car builds, and stay up to date with the automotive culture and events. eastwood university offers classes to diy enthusiasts to learn valuable automotive restoration, fabrication, and customization skills from some of the industry’s most talented professionals. contact ustalk to an expert:  800-343-9353order oem paint:  800-469-7940email usabout uswhy eastwood?retail locationsemployment opportunitiesshop all brands servicescustomer servicemy accountorder statusfreight truck deliveryreturnswarrantyeastwood gift cardsinternational distributorshosting a car show?education: eastwood universityeastwood garage (blog)eastwood business (b2b sales)shop diy productsautomotive paintingweldersrust solutionspowder coat equipmentmetal fab toolsauto body partsshop equipmentautomotive toolsnew diy toolscloseout itemssign up for our offerssubscribe testimonialshead> contact ustalk to an expert:  800-343-9353order oem paint:  800-469-7940email usservicescustomer servicemy accountorder statusfreight truck deliveryreturnswarrantyeastwood gift cardsinternational distributorshosting a car show?eastwood universityeastwood garage (blog)eastwood business (b2b sales)about uswhy eastwood?retail locationsemployment opportunitiesshop all brandsshop diy productsautomotive paintingweldersrust solutionspowder coat equipmentmetal fab toolsauto body partsshop equipmentautomotive toolsnew diy toolscloseout itemssign up for our offerssubscribe testimonialshead> terms & conditions  |  privacy policy  |  accessibility statement© 2025 the eastwood company. all rights reserved.terms & conditions  |  privacy policy  |  accessibility statement© 2025 the eastwood company. all rights reserved.