来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231234434/http://shop.nhl.com/pages/TermsAndConditions
================================================================================

- shop.nhl.com home outlet | sign up & save | gift cards | track order | request a catalog | customer service | 1-800-618-3211 shopping cart my cart ( 0 items ) $0.00 checkout now search for: search submit shop by team easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all jerseys easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all hats easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo men easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo women easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo kids easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all collectibles easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo home & office easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo players vintage hockey view all terms and conditions fanatics retail group north, inc. ("frgn", "we", "our" or "us") operates this web site (the "web site") pursuant to agreements with nhl interactive cyberenterprises, llc, nhl enterprises, l.p., nhl enterprises, b.v. and nhl enterprises canada, l.p. (collectively, the "nhl parties"). please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the web site. your use of the web site confirms your unconditional acceptance of the following terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use the web site. products, content and specifications. all features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on any page of the web site are subject to change at any time without notice. certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. we attempt to accurately display the attributes of our products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. the inclusion of any products or services in the web site at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. it is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any item purchased from the web site. by placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. all videocassettes, dvds and similar products sold are for private, home use (where no admission fee is charged), non-public performance and may not be duplicated. shipping limitations. when an order is placed, it will be shipped to an address designated by the purchaser as long as that shipping address is compliant with the shipping restrictions contained in the web site. all purchases from the web site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. as a result, risk of loss and title for items purchased from the web site pass to you upon delivery of the items to the carrier. you are responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments. accuracy of information. frgn attempts to include information in the web site that is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, the information in the web site may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to whether any information in the web site is complete, accurate or current. for example, products included in the web site may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated in the web site. in addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. while it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. we reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. we also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. use of this web site. the web site design and all text, graphics, information, content, software, technology components and other material used by, displayed on or that can be downloaded from the web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, frgn, the nhl parties, their affiliates, their suppliers or other parties and may be protected by copyright, trademark and other laws and may not be used except as permitted in these terms and conditions or with the prior written permission of the owner of such material. you may not modify the information or materials located in the web site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such materials for any public or commercial purpose. any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations. trademarks. certain trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos used or displayed in the web site are registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of their respective owners, including frgn, the nhl parties, their affiliates or other parties. nothing contained in the web site grants or should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos displayed in the web site without the written permission of the owner. velcro® is a registered trademark of velcro industries b.v. linking to this web site. creating or maintaining any link from another web site to any page of the web site without frgn's prior written permission is prohibited. running or displaying the web site or any material displayed in the web site in frames or through similar means on another web site without frgn's prior written permission is prohibited. any permitted links to the web site must comply will all applicable laws, rules and regulationss. third party links. from time to time, the web site may contain links to web sites that are not owned, operated or controlled by frgn, the nhl parties, or any of their affiliates. all such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. if you use these links, you will leave the web site. none of frgn, the nhl parties, or their affiliates is responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other web site. none of frgn, the nhl parties, or any of their affiliates endorses, guarantees, or makes any representations or warranties regarding any other web site, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other web site, or the results that you may obtain from using any other web site. if you decide to access any other web site linked to or from the web site, you do so entirely at your own risk. inappropriate material. you are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. in addition to any remedies that frgn and/or any of the nhl parties may have at law or in equity, if frgn or any of the nhl parties determines that you have violated or are likely to violate any of the foregoing prohibitions, frgn or any of the nhl parties may take any action they deem necessary or appropriate to cure or prevent the violation, including without limitation, the immediate removal from the web site of the related materials. frgn and the nhl parties will cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing frgn or the nhl parties to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials. user information. other than personally identifiable information, which is subject to the privacy policy posted in the web site, any material, information, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, questions, comments or other communication you transmit or post to the web site in any manner ("user communications") is and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. frgn, its affiliates and/or their designees may use any or all user communications for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing and/or marketing in any manner whatsoever for any or all commercial or non-commercial purposes. frgn may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any user communications. frgn shall have no obligation to use, return, review, or respond to any user communications. frgn will have no liability related to the content of any such user communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. frgn retains the right to remove any or all user communications that includes any material frgn deems inappropriate or unacceptable. disclaimers. your use of this site is at your own risk. the materials and services provided in connection with the web site are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. none of frgn, the nhl parties, or any of their affiliates warrants the accuracy or completeness of the materials or services in or through the web site. the materials and services in or through the web site may be out of date, and none of frgn, the nhl parties, or any of their affiliates makes any commitment or assumes any duty to update such materials or services. the foregoing disclaimers of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. all products and services purchased in or through the web site are subject only to any applicable warranties of their respective manufactures, distributors and suppliers, if any. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, frgn and the nhl parties hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased in or through the web site. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, frgn and the nhl parties hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation. we make no warranties to those defined as "consumers" in the magnuson-moss warranty-federal trade commission improvements act, as amended. the foregoing disclaimers of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. limitations of liability. neither frgn nor any of the nhl parties assumes any responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing the web site or your downloading of any materials, from the web site. in no event will frgn, the nhl parties, their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors, assigns, retail partners or any party involved in the creation, production or transmission of the web site be liable to any party for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of the web site, any web sites linked to the web site, or the materials, information or services contained at any or all such sites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitations of liability do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. in the event of any problem with the web site or any content, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using the web site. in the event of any problem with the products or services that you have purchased in or through the web site, you agree that your remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer's or supplier's warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and refunds policies of the web site. revisions to these terms and conditions. frgn may revise these terms and conditions at any time and from time to time by updating this posting. you should visit this page from time to time to review the then current terms and conditions because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the web site. choice of law; jurisdiction. these terms and conditions supersede any other agreement between you and frgn to the extent necessary to resolve any inconsistency or ambiguity between them. these terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to the web site shall be brought only in the courts of the state of florida or the united states district court for the northern district of florida. a printed version of these terms and conditions may be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms and conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. termination. we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of the web site at any time, for any reason or for no reason. you are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of the web site at any time without notice. additional assistance. if you do not understand any of the foregoing terms and conditions or if you have any questions or comments, we invite you to call our customer care department at 1-800-618-3211. site map | request a catalog | help | privacy policy | terms & conditions | affiliate | my account (sign out) | track order | group sales nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup, center ice name and logo, nhl conference logos and nhl winter classic name are registered trademarks and vintage hockey word mark and logo, live every shift, hot off the ice, game on, the game lives where you do, nhl power play, nhl winter classic logo, nhl heritage classic name and logo, nhl stadium series name and logo, nhl all-star game logo, nhl face-off name and logo, nhl gamecenter, nhl gamecenter live, nhl network name and logo, nhl mobile name and logo, nhl radio, nhl awards name and logo, nhl draft name and logo, hockey fights cancer, because it's the cup, the biggest assist happens off the ice, nhl green name and logo, nhl all-access vancouver name and logo, nhl auctions, nhl ice time, ice time any time, ice tracker, nhl vault, hockey is for everyone, and questions will become answers are trademarks of the national hockey league. all nhl logos and marks and nhl team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the nhl and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of nhl enterprises, l.p. © nhl 2013. all rights reserved. all nhl team jerseys customized with nhl players' names and numbers are officially licensed by the nhl and the nhlpa. the zamboni word mark and configuration of the zamboni ice resurfacing machine are registered trademarks of frank j. zamboni & co., inc. © frank j. zamboni & co., inc. 2013. all rights reserved.