来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231234434/http://shop.nhl.com/pages/Affiliate_Home
================================================================================

- shop.nhl.com top of page skip to top navigation skip to main content home outlet | sign up & save | gift cards | track order | request a catalog | customer service | 1-800-618-3211 shopping cart my cart ( 0 items ) $0.00 checkout now search for: search submit top nav shop by team easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all jerseys easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all hats easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo men easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo women easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo kids easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all collectibles easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo home & office easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo players vintage hockey view all main content affiliate links affiliate home terms and conditions sign up contact us what is the shop.nhl.com affiliate program? the shop.nhl.com affiliate program allows website owners, bloggers, social media publishers, media sites and online forum operators to promote our site and products and earn commissions on sales they refer to the official online store of the nhl using special tracking links. how does the shop.nhl.com affiliate program work? first, prospective affiliates go through an application process where our affiliate team will review your site to make sure that it's suitable for an affiliate partnership.  we take our brand and the brands of our vendors seriously, so we're very selective with our affiliate partnerships. once your affiliate application is approved, you will have access to an affiliate dashboard that is stocked with ready-to-use tracking links including banners, text links, and product ads that you can use to promote shop.nhl.com. when a shopper clicks this link and makes a qualified purchase, you'll earn a commission on the sale.  our tracking network partner, the ebay enterprise affiliate network also provides easy access to reporting on traffic sent, sales generated, commissions earned, link efficiency as well as handling commission payment. why partner with shop.nhl.com? shop.nhl.com is the official online store of the nhl and sells only officially licensed nhl merchandise. we offer over 50,000 products including jerseys, t-shirts, jackets, sweatshirts, hats, collectibles and more, all in one store. can i promote any page on your site? yes.  we have configured links to many of our popular category pages including team and player pages in the affiliate network dashboard.   there are also great tools to help you find links to specific products and to build custom feeds of the products you want to promote. if you need a link to a page or product that is not provided in the system, our affiliate team will be happy to create a link for you. can i post shop.nhl.com page copy on my site? you can post any content distributed to affiliates through our product data feed.  you are not allowed to use any copy from our home page, product pages, or descriptions other than what you find in the product data feed, or in third party tools that use our feed. what affiliate networks do you work with? shop.nhl.com is currently partnered with ebay enterprise affiliate network to provide affiliate tracking, reporting and payment services.  additional network platforms may be added in the future. how much money can i make as a shop.nhl.com affiliate? that is entirely up to you! we offer a huge assortment of all items from unique to common, but selling more expensive items like jackets and collectibles can boost your earnings. our commission rates vary depending on the affiliate type with payouts of up to 6% available. your ability to earn will be based on how much traffic you can generate and the level of engagement and trust you have with your audience. what types of marketers are most successful in theshop.nhl.com affiliate program? that is entirely up to you! we offer a huge assortment of all items from unique to common, but selling more expensive items like jackets and collectibles can boost your earnings. our commission rates vary depending on the affiliate type with payouts of up to 6% available. your ability to earn will be based on how much traffic you can generate and the level of engagement and trust you have with your audience. are there any marketing methods you don't allow in the shop.nhl.com affiliate program? shop.nhl.com does not allow affiliates to use pay per click (ppc) advertising or paid ads on facebook when promoting our program. we also do not work with affiliates who use downloadable software like toolbars and browser plugins to promote our site. because of our licensed retailer status, we are also responsible for protecting the trademarks of our licensors. we reserve the right to decline applications from affiliates who use website addresses or social media properties that infringe on the intellectual property of others. what kind of affiliate support do you provide? we have an affiliate management team with over 25 years of combined experience in the affiliate industry that is dedicated to helping our affiliates succeed.  if you have any questions, you can reach us by phone or email: phone: 904.271.4168 email: affiliates@nhl.com how do i get started? to get started in the shop.nhl.com affiliate program, review our affiliate program agreement ,then click the "join now" button to complete your affiliate application. our affiliate team will review your application and get in touch if you're application is approved. site map | request a catalog | help | privacy policy | terms & conditions | affiliate | my account (sign out) | track order | group sales nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup, center ice name and logo, nhl conference logos and nhl winter classic name are registered trademarks and vintage hockey word mark and logo, live every shift, hot off the ice, game on, the game lives where you do, nhl power play, nhl winter classic logo, nhl heritage classic name and logo, nhl stadium series name and logo, nhl all-star game logo, nhl face-off name and logo, nhl gamecenter, nhl gamecenter live, nhl network name and logo, nhl mobile name and logo, nhl radio, nhl awards name and logo, nhl draft name and logo, hockey fights cancer, because it's the cup, the biggest assist happens off the ice, nhl green name and logo, nhl all-access vancouver name and logo, nhl auctions, nhl ice time, ice time any time, ice tracker, nhl vault, hockey is for everyone, and questions will become answers are trademarks of the national hockey league. all nhl logos and marks and nhl team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the nhl and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of nhl enterprises, l.p. © nhl 2014. all rights reserved. all nhl team jerseys customized with nhl players' names and numbers are officially licensed by the nhl and the nhlpa. the zamboni word mark and configuration of the zamboni ice resurfacing machine are registered trademarks of frank j. zamboni & co., inc. © frank j. zamboni & co., inc. 2014. all rights reserved. skip to top of page