来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231234434/http://shop.nhl.com/helpdesk/Privacy
================================================================================

privacy information home outlet | sign up & save | gift cards | track order | request a catalog | customer service | 1-800-618-3211 shopping cart my cart ( 0 items ) $0.00 checkout now search for: search submit shop by team easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all jerseys easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all hats easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo men easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo women easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo kids easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview all collectibles easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo home & office easternlogoboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescarolina hurricanescolumbus blue jacketsdetroit red wingsflorida panthersmontreal canadiensnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyerspittsburgh penguinstampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafswashington capitalswesternlogoanaheim duckscalgary flameschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchedallas starsedmonton oilerslos angeles kingsminnesota wildnashville predatorsphoenix coyotessan jose sharksst. louis bluesvancouver canuckswinnipeg jetsview allnhl logo players vintage hockey view all help desk main menu help desk help home page customer service phone orders information faqs about us gift services our promise sizing chart shipping information payment information your order information your account login create account security/privacy information returns information security | safe shopping assurance | privacy policy security/privacy home security we use state-of-the-art encryption technology to protect your credit card/personal information. you can place your order(s) using secure socket layer (ssl) encryption. digital certificates encrypt data using ssl technology, which is the industry-standard method for protecting web communications. the ssl security protocol provides data encryption, server authentication, message integrity and optional client authentication for a tcp/ip connection. because ssl is built into all major browsers and web servers, simply installing a digital certificate turns on their ssl capabilities. ssl comes in two strengths, 40-bit and 128-bit, which refer to the length of the "session key;" generated by every encrypted transaction. the longer the key, the more difficult it is to break the encryption code. shop.nhl.com uses 128-bit encryption. most browsers support 128-bit ssl sessions, which is trillions of times stronger than 40-bit sessions. to shop with us, you need to enable cookies on your browser. learn more about enabling cookies. ^ back to top safe shopping assurance to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place what we believe to be appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  under the fair credit billing act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. ^ back to top website privacy policy this version in effect since september 9, 2013 fanatics retail group north, inc. ("frgn", "we", "our" or "us"), which is located in the united states, operates this web site (the "web site") pursuant to agreements with nhl interactive cyberenterprises, llc, nhl enterprises, l.p., nhl enterprises, b.v. and nhl enterprises canada, l.p. (collectively, the "nhl parties"). frgn recognizes that you care how information about you is used and shared. we have created this privacy policy to inform you of the information collection, use and sharing practices applicable to users of this web site. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy apply only to information gathered through this web site and, where applicable, through our customer service department in connection with this web site, and do not necessarily reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through other web sites that we operate or through other off-line means. if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you should contact our customer service department by email at privacyconcerns@nhl.com. also, please be advised that information gathered through this web site and our customer service department will be shared with the nhl parties and may be used by the nhl parties in accordance with their privacy policy. to view the nhl parties' privacy policy, click here. your use or accessing of the web site constitutes your agreement to be bound by the provisions of this privacy policy. what information about me is collected and how is it used? we collect and store information that you enter into this web site or that you provide to our customer service department. for example, when you open an account or place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, credit card number and expiration date. this information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. your contact information, such as name, e-mail address and postal address, also may be used to contact you about sales and special offers offered on this web site and new site features, unless you have opted not to receive promotional communications in connection with this web site. we collect and store certain other non-personally-identifiable information automatically whenever you interact with this web site. for example, we collect your ip address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit this web site. we also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. this information is used to analyze and improve this web site and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience. also, like many web sites, we use "cookies", which are files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. cookies help us to identify account holders and repeat visitors and to optimize their shopping experience. cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves this web site without checking out. most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. we can offer you a better shopping experience on this web site if you leave cookies "turned on".  you may not be able to complete a purchase on the website unless you have cookies enabled. we also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you. we also collect and use personal information in order to meet legal, regulatory, audit, processing and security requirements, and as otherwise required or permitted by law. is information collected from children? we do not sell or ship any items ordered through this web site directly to anyone whom we know to be under the age of 18. nor do we collect any personal information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 18. if you are under the age of 18, you should use this web site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us. if any parent, guardian or other responsible adult becomes aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 18, please contact us at 1-800-618-3211 or via email to privacyconcerns@nhl.com. with whom do you share information? we may share with others any personal information that you provide to us through this web site or through our customer service department, with your consent, for purposes that are obvious, or for purposes identified in this privacy policy or before we share the information. in addition, we may disclose personal information in order to meet legal, regulatory, audit, processing and security requirements, and as otherwise required or permitted by law. we engage third parties to perform services on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business. examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, order fulfillment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution, web site evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. we provide personal information to these third parties, but we authorize them to use this information only in connection with the services they perform, and expect them to handle this information in accordance with our privacy policies, subject to legal requirements in relevant jurisdictions (including foreign jurisdictions) applicable to them. we also may offer you the opportunity to purchase products and services provided by third parties, for example magazine subscriptions. if you purchase any of these products or services, we will provide your personal information to the third parties that provide them, but we authorize these third parties to use this information only in connection with the products and services they provide. in addition to the purposes stated elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may release personal information if we believe that the law or legal process requires it, if we have received a request from a law enforcement agency, or if we believe such release is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of any of frgn, the nhl parties, or any of our or their respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others. we may share non-personal or aggregated information with our marketing partners, advertisers and others from time to time. examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this web site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this web site. what steps are taken to keep personal information secure? we use various security measures, including secure socket layer (ssl) encryption technology, to protect personal information that we collect. if you place an order through this web site, you will be asked to set up an account and provide an email address and password. you must provide an appropriate email address and password in order to access account information. in order to help protect your personal information further, you should be careful about providing your password to others. if you wish to cancel a password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a password, contact our customer service department by email at privacyconcerns@nhl.com or by phone at 1-800-618-3211. how can i access, correct and update personal information? we do not share with others any personal information that youyou can access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging in to the website and selecting “modify account” from the customer service page. you may also request access to your personal information in our custody or control by email request to customerservice@nhl.com. there may be instances where we may not be able to provide you with access, for example, where the information contains confidential commercial information. can i indicate whether or not i want to receive promotional communications? there are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us. when you set up an account, or click on "managing an account" within the help desk area, or place an order, you will have an opportunity to make or change your selections in this regard. you also will have an opportunity to change these selections by clicking on a hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. what happens when i link to or from another web site? this web site may contain links to web sites operated by third parties. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy do not necessarily apply to information gathered through these other web sites. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave this web site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that you visit. if you have accessed this web site through a link from certain of our advertising or marketing partners, this web site may include a frame of the applicable advertising or marketing partner. nevertheless, the information you provide to us through these framed web pages is collected by us, and our use of this information is governed by this privacy policy. what happens when i link to or from another web site? this web site may contain links to web sites operated by third parties. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy do not apply to information gathered through these other web sites. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave this web site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that you visit. if you have accessed this web site through a link from certain of our advertising or marketing partners, this web site may include a frame of the applicable advertising or marketing partner. nevertheless, the information you provide to us through these framed web pages is collected by us, and our use of this information is governed by this privacy policy. what about contests and sweepstakes? when we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to this web site, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. the rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed, if different than as described in this privacy policy. how will i be informed about changes regarding this privacy policy? if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will post a new version of the privacy policy on this web site. in some cases, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes. your continued use or accessing of this web site means that you accept and agree to such changes. you should check this web site periodically to see if any recent changes to this privacy policy have occurred. ^ back to top site map | request a catalog | help | privacy policy | terms & conditions | affiliate | my account (sign out) | track order | group sales nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup, center ice name and logo, nhl conference logos and nhl winter classic name are registered trademarks and vintage hockey word mark and logo, live every shift, hot off the ice, game on, the game lives where you do, nhl power play, nhl winter classic logo, nhl heritage classic name and logo, nhl stadium series name and logo, nhl all-star game logo, nhl face-off name and logo, nhl gamecenter, nhl gamecenter live, nhl network name and logo, nhl mobile name and logo, nhl radio, nhl awards name and logo, nhl draft name and logo, hockey fights cancer, because it's the cup, the biggest assist happens off the ice, nhl green name and logo, nhl all-access vancouver name and logo, nhl auctions, nhl ice time, ice time any time, ice tracker, nhl vault, hockey is for everyone, and questions will become answers are trademarks of the national hockey league. all nhl logos and marks and nhl team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the nhl and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of nhl enterprises, l.p. © nhl 2013. all rights reserved. all nhl team jerseys customized with nhl players' names and numbers are officially licensed by the nhl and the nhlpa. the zamboni word mark and configuration of the zamboni ice resurfacing machine are registered trademarks of frank j. zamboni & co., inc. © frank j. zamboni & co., inc. 2013. all rights reserved.