来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171231205012/http://shop.nhl.com/pages/affiliate_home
================================================================================

- shop.nhl.com top of page skip to top navigation skip to main content nhl home shop by team eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets save 10% when you sign up for nhl shop emails help track order my account hi my account sign out | select: language français english currency usd cad 0$0.00 home search for: search submit search new arrivals gift cards auctions top nav shop by team eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets vintage hockey hartford whalers kansas city scouts minnesota north stars new york americans quebec nordiques jerseys eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets hats eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets men eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets women eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets kids eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets t-shirts eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets sweatshirts eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets collectibles eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets home & office eastern conference boston bruins buffalo sabres carolina hurricanes columbus blue jackets detroit red wings florida panthers montreal canadiens new jersey devils new york islanders new york rangers ottawa senators philadelphia flyers pittsburgh penguins tampa bay lightning toronto maple leafs washington capitals western conference anaheim ducks arizona coyotes calgary flames chicago blackhawks colorado avalanche dallas stars edmonton oilers los angeles kings minnesota wild nashville predators san jose sharks st. louis blues vancouver canucks vegas golden knights winnipeg jets outlet terms & conditions offer expires 12/22/2017 at 11:59 am et. offer not valid on jerseys, custom merchandise, 2017 nhl100 classic, 2018 winter classic, hockey fights cancer, limited quantity items & others. free shipping (if applicable) valid in continental u.s., us territories and apo/fpo for eligible merchandise only. not valid for gift codes, cards or certificates or taxes. cannot be combined with other promotions or discounts. except where required by law, cannot be redeemed for cash, reproduced, modified, sold, traded, refunded or replaced. not valid on previous purchases or returns. no cash back. valid only while supplies last. other brands or merchandise (based on availability or other factors) may be excluded. offer may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. all purchases are subject to this site's terms & conditions or equivalent. × main content affiliate links affiliate home sign up contact us what is the shop.nhl.com affiliate program? the shop.nhl.com affiliate program invites website owners, bloggers, social media publishers, supporters groups and online forum operators to promote our site and products and earn commissions on sales they refer to shop.nhl.com how does the shop.nhl.com affiliate program work? first, prospective affiliates go through an application process where first, our network partner and then our affiliate team will review your site to make sure that it??s suitable for an affiliate partnership. we take the nhl brand and the brands of our teams, players and vendors seriously, so we??re very selective with our affiliate partnerships. once your affiliate application is approved, you will have access to an affiliate dashboard at shareasale.com stocked with ready-to-use tracking links including banners, text links, and product ads that you can use to promote shop.nhl.com . when a shopper clicks your affiliate link and makes a qualified purchase, you'll earn a commission on the sale. shareasale also provides easy access to reporting on traffic sent, sales generated and commissions earned. how will i get paid? shareasale handles payment of affiliate commissions. they pay commissions monthly on around the 20th for sales referred in the previous month less any order modifications, cancellations or chargebacks. payment can be made either by check or by direct deposit into your bank account. minimum payout thresholds may apply. why partner with shop.nhl.com? shop.nhl.com com is the official online store of the national hockey league. we offer over 31,000 officially licensed products from all nhl teams including hats, jerseys, t-shirts and hoodies for men, women, children and even infants. we also offer authentic nhl collectibles and memorabilia. the shop.nhl.com is the most trusted name out there connecting hockey fans with officially licensed gear and gives you a great chance to earn commissions from nhl fans that you interact with daily. can i promote any page on your site? yes.?? we have configured links to many of our popular category pages including team and player pages in the affiliate network dashboard.???? there are also great tools to help you find links to specific products and to build custom feeds of the products you want to promote.?? if you need a link to a page or product that is not provided in the system, our affiliate team will be happy to create a link for you. can i post shop.nhl.com page copy on my site? you can post any content distributed to affiliates through our product data feed.?? you are not allowed to use any copy from our home page, product pages, or descriptions other than what you find in the product data feed, or in third party tools that use our feed. what affiliate networks do you work with? we have partnered with shareasale, the most trusted affiliate network in the industry. they offer a great collection of tools to help you promote shop.nhl.com including traditional creative like banners and text links in addition to advanced tools like the make a page storefront and widget builder, product showcase and the shareasale product discovery bookmarklet that makes linking to any page on our site a snap. how can i get support? our affiliate program is managed by a team of award-winning affiliate managers with over 35 years of combined experience in the industry. we provide support by email, facebook group and chat and by phone and are committed to helping our affiliate partners succeed. can i promote any page on your site? yes. we have configured links to many of our popular team, player and category pages in shareasale . we also provide tools that make it possible to promote individual product pages within our site. if you need a link to a page that is not provided, just ask our affiliate manager and we??ll show you how to make it happen. can i post shop.nhl.com page copy on my site? you can post any content distributed to affiliates through our product data feed. you are not allowed to use any copy from our home page, product pages, descriptions or images other than what you find in the product data feed, or in third party tools that use our feed. how much money can i make as a shop.nhl.com affiliate? that is entirely up to you! we offer a huge assortment of all items from unique to common, but selling more expensive items like jerseys and collectibles can boost your earnings. our commission rates vary depending on the affiliate type with payouts of up to 6% available. your ability to earn will be based on how much traffic you can generate and the level of engagement and trust you have with your audience. what types of marketers are most successful in theshop.nhl.com affiliate program? we have had great results working with a number of different types of affiliates including bloggers, media sites, social media marketers, loyalty, deal and coupon affiliates, affinity shopping sites and team or school fundraising sites. are there any marketing methods you don't allow in the shop.nhl.com affiliate program? we do not allow affiliates to use pay per click (ppc) advertising or paid ads on facebook when promoting our program. we also do not work with affiliates who use downloadable software like toolbars and browser plugins to promote our site. we reserve the right to decline applications from affiliates who use website addresses or social media properties that infringe on the intellectual property rights of the nhl, our teams, players, vendors or others. how do i get started? to get started in the shop.nhl.com affiliate program, please click the ???join now?? button below and complete your affiliate application. our affiliate manager will review your application and get in touch if you??re application is approved. what if my application is declined? this happens frequently as we??re very selective with our partnerships. if your application is declined, the first step is to make sure that your profile in shareasale is complete with all sites and marketing methods that will come in to play indicated. then, drop an email to our team at shopnhlaffiliates@fanatics.com make your case for approval and be as specific and descriptive as you can. we do make mistakes from time to time and are happy to reconsider applications. most decline decisions are made due to incomplete profiles, sites not opening for review or simply no perceived fit with the site??s audience and our store. ready to get started? please click the button below and complete your application to get the process started. connect with us facebook twitter email google plus customer service contact us / help track my order size chart worry free shopping safe shopping 60-day returns shoprunner information my account about us affiliate program military & first responder discount proudly serving our military & veterans gift cards official shop.nhl.com gift cards & online gift certificates privacy policy / terms & conditions / blog / site map / mobile site nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup, center ice name and logo, nhl conference logos and nhl winter classic name are registered trademarks and vintage hockey word mark and logo, live every shift, hot off the ice, game on, the game lives where you do, nhl power play, nhl winter classic logo, nhl heritage classic name and logo, nhl stadium series name and logo, nhl all-star game logo, nhl face-off name and logo, nhl gamecenter, nhl gamecenter live, nhl network name and logo, nhl mobile name and logo, nhl radio, nhl awards name and logo, nhl draft name and logo, hockey fights cancer, because it's the cup, the biggest assist happens off the ice, nhl green name and logo, nhl all-access vancouver name and logo, nhl auctions, nhl ice time, ice time any time, ice tracker, nhl vault, hockey is for everyone, and questions will become answers are trademarks of the national hockey league. all nhl logos and marks and nhl team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the nhl and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of nhl enterprises, l.p. © nhl 2017. all rights reserved. all nhl team jerseys customized with nhl players' names and numbers are officially licensed by the nhl and the nhlpa. discover itpays promo details: valid at shop.nhl.com only. use coupon code itpays. discount cannot be combined with any other coupon, group offer, discount or sale. not valid on prior purchases of gift cards. offer may be terminated at any time. the zamboni word mark and configuration of the zamboni ice resurfacing machine are registered trademarks of frank j. zamboni & co., inc. © frank j. zamboni & co., inc. 2017. all rights reserved. secure shopping: payment options: skip to top of page