来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151106021611/http://www.americanapparel.net/aboutus/global/
================================================================================

american apparel | fashionable basics. sweatshop free. made in usa. made in downtown la—vertically integrated manufacturing our ads photo shoots wholesale about us store locator careers shop online women men kids accessories shoes vintage collections sale shop online store locator about us vertical integration made in usa our workers political activism legalize gay legalize la corporate responsibility environmental initiatives organic products investor relations press releases events and presentations corporate governance management board of directors committee composition contact the board financial information sec filings stock information historic stock lookup investment calculator dividend history analyst coverage contact us global privacy policy contact us press contact photo archive advertising careers headquarters apparel manufacturing retail stores open calls wholesale hear it first global your browser does not support iframes. rapidly growing global business american apparel operates largest garment factory in the u.s. we are vertically integrated, eliminating the use of sewing subcontractors and offshore labor. our first retail store opened in 2003, we now have over 260 stores worldwide in 19 countries. learn more about american apparel's global community by navigation through the flags below. canada affirmer qu'american apparel entretient des liens solides avec le canada est bien peu dire. le fondateur de l'entreprise dov charney est né à montréal, tout comme son histoire d'amour avec les t-shirts. il a démarré dans le domaine en rapportant des t-shirts américains à des amis, qui les imprimaient et les vendaient à l'extérieur d'une salle de spectacles montréalaise.cette influence est toujours là - beaucoup de nos employés du quartier général de la sont canadiens, l'un de nos bureaux-chefs doublé d'un centre de distribution est situé à montréal, et certains de nos toutes premières boutiques ont été ouvertes à montréal et à toronto. les gens, la culture et le design à la canadienne sont de grandes sources d'inspiration, et continueront de l'être pour des années à venir. to say that american apparel has strong ties to canada is an understatement. company founder dov charney was born in montreal, as was his affair with t-shirts; he started in the business by bringing in american tees for his friends to print on and sell outside concerts at a montreal venue. the influence remains - many of the employees at our la headquarters are actually canadian, there's a head office and distribution center in montreal, and some of our first-ever retail locations were stores opened in montreal and toronto. canada's design sensibilities, culture, and people have been a great inspiration, and will continue to infuse our work at american apparel for the years to come. méxico (mexico) méxico nos llamo la atención por primera vez en el 2004 cuando nos dimos cuenta que celeste, una de nuestras revistas favoritas de moda del momento, era publicada en méxico df. desde el momento en que aterrizamos pudimos sentir esa impaciente energía de una clase media de jóvenes creativos que estaba emergiendo. la ciudad de méxico ha sido comparada con el "salvaje oeste", por su territorio cultural ilimitado e inexplorado, hambriento de desenvolverse de manera emprendedora. dentro del primer año de nuestra visita ya habíamos abierto nuestra tienda pionera en el df. una compañía americana exportando sus productos de estados unidos a méxico ya de por si era una anomalía pero cuando la compañía anunció que les pagaría el salario mínimo de estados unidos a sus empleados en méxico, la gente nos puso atención. en enero del 2006 comenzamos nuestro proyecto de publicación de 12 meses llamado "mexico city monthly" un periódico bilingüe y gratuito que era distribuido mundialmente en nuestras tiendas con la esperanza de esparcir nuestro entusiasmo por las oportunidades en el país. años después, hemos abierto más tiendas, una en la colonia roma en el df y nuestra tienda online, diseñada especialmente para alcanzar a todos aquellos que inician tendencias de moda en méxico. tenemos además una pequeña colección de ropa vintage en nuestra ubicación del df, una de las primeras de su tipo. los publicistas de la revista vice recientemente anunciaron el lanzamiento de la edición mexicana. we were first attracted to mexico in 2004 when we realized that celeste, one of our favorite fashion publications at the time was published in mexico city. from the moment we landed, we could sense the impatient energy of an emerging middle class of creative young people. mexico city has been likened to the "wild west" because of its uncharted cultural territory hungry for entrepreneurial evolvement. within a year of our first visit, we had opened our flagship store in mexico city. an american company exporting us-made goods to mexico was already an anomaly, but when the company announced that it would be paying its staff the us minimum wage, people paid attention. in january of 2006 we began a 12-month publishing project called "mexico city monthly," a free, bilingual newspaper which we distributed worldwide in our stores with hopes to spread our enthusiasm for opportunities in the country. years later, we've opened more stores, one found in the roma neighborhood in mexico city and our online store, specially tailored to reach all trendsetters in mexico. we feature a vintage clothing collection in our mexico city location, one of the first of its kind. the publishers of vice magazine recently announced the launch of a mexican edition. brasil (brazil) estávamos muito entusiasmados em abrir nossas portas na américa do sul, e sempre tivemos um pouco do brasil em nós, e que melhor lugar para começar. alguns de seus principais colaboradores são brasileiros, e naturalmente entre califórnia e brasil existe um amor partilhado, entre o sol e roupas sensuais de verão. a empresa cuidadosamente selecionou sua primeira loja em são paulo. é um espaço único de dois andares no famoso distrito de compras no jardins, retratado aqui. a notícia da nossa chegada se espalhou rapidamente e os fãs de todo o brasil começaram a visitar nossa loja. depois de quase três anos permanecemos fortes - enquanto outras marcas penas recentemente começaram suas operações na vizinhança. em 2010, lançamos a nossa loja online em reais, todos foram novamente bem receptivos. estamos constantemente nos noticiários: noticias boas ou ruins, se o produto está disponível ou não, no final do dia o brasil nos ama. temos planos ambisiosos e projetos no horizonte, então mantenha-se informado. we were very excited to open our doors in south america, and, we've always had a little brazil in us, so what better place to start. some of the key employees from way back are brazilian, and of course between california and brazil there is a shared love of sunshine and sexy summer clothing. the company carefully selected their perfect first location in são paulo. it's a unique two story space in the infamous jardins shopping district, pictured here. news of our arrival spread quickly and fans from all over brazil made their pilgrimage to visit the store. after nearly three years we remain strong - while only recently other major retailers have begun setting up shop as neighbors. in 2010 we launched our online store in brazil's reais currency, and the people have once again been incredibly receptive. we are constantly in the news: good, bad, whether the product is available or not, at the end of the day brazil loves us. ambitious plans and projects are on the horizon, so keep your eyes peeled. united kingdom london is the world capital of quirkiness thanks to its amazing cultural diversity, pioneering fashion trendsetters and not to mention its inventive designers like vivienne westwood, alexander mcqueen and gareth pugh (to name a few). so it came as no surprise that the youth of london were more than happy to see its very first american apparel store open on the infamous and swinging carnaby street in september of 2004. it became increasingly apparent that londoners were already very much aware of the american apparel aesthetic with its youthful, provocative and trendy style capturing the imagination of the capital's fashion forward residents. before too long every magazine from i-d and dazed and confused to vogue and grazia were featuring our colourful and glittery products as soon as their stylists could lay their hands on them. soon after london's flagship store had opened, it was obvious that public demand necessitated branching out. so in august 2005 east london's curtain road opened its doors to a crowd of incredible looking kids, stylists, artists and musicians. the rest is now history with stores following the same pattern of success in: portobello (may 06), high street kensington (july 07), brighton (august 2007), covent garden (november 07), oxford street (december 07) and glasgow (december 07). there are now thirteen stores across the uk with more to come! espana (spain) american apparel y la ciudad de barcelona mantienen una relación especial, aquí es donde hemos dado a conocer nuestros productos fabricados en los ángeles al resto de españa, territorio con el que también pretendemos tener una relación única ya que pronto contaremos con nuevos espacios en oviedo, madrid y valencia. nuestra tienda, situada en la calle avinyó, en el barrio más antiguo y encantador de la ciudad, es un referente para todos los viajeros ya que tenemos prendas para todas las temporadas. nuestra relación con el cliente nos ha confirmado el gran interés por nuestra manera única de producir y trabajar. queremos darte las gracias por tu preferencia, y dejar claro que american apparel no sólo está en barcelona, gracias a nuestra tienda online podemos entregar nuestros productos donde te encuentres. nuestra marca crece y pronto abriremos nuevas tiendas. ven a conocer nuestro proyecto junto al corte inglés y pásate por los diferentes corners a descubrir nuevos estilos y colores. próximas aperturas en el corte inglés:www.elcorteingles.es american apparel and the city of barcelona maintain a special relationship. it here is where we've come to showcase our made in usa products to the rest of spain, a territory where we can claim to hold a unique relationship. we'll soon start working with new retail spaces in oviedo, madrid and valencia. our store, situated in the street of avinyó, is the oldest and most charming neighborhood in the city. it's a reference point for all tourists as they know we carry clothes for all types of seasons. our relationship with the customers has confirmed a great interest, because of our unique method of producing and working. we want to give you a thank you for shopping with us and let you know that american apparel is not just in barcelona anymore, thanks to our online store, we're able to ship products wherever you are in spain. our brand is growing and soon we'll be opening up new stores. come and meet our latest project with el corte inglés and check out all corners to discover new styles and colors. coming soon in el corte inglés:www.elcorteingles.es france (france) fondée en 1999 à los angeles par dov charney la compagnie american apparel arrive en france en 2004 important avec elle le terme verticalement intégré qui trouve tout son sens dans la production qui n'est pas délocalisée mais uniquement fabriquée à los angeles offrant en plus à ses employés une couverture sociale n'existant nul part ailleurs aux etats-unis. aussi atypique que novatrice, la marque éthique aux deux voyelles implante sa première boutique place du marché saint-honoré loin des grandes artères parisiennes. son ouverture fut très attendue par les initiés parisiens et conquis très vite les afficionados du basic de qualité aux différents styles et coloris. a la fois street et mode, le gym bag ou le polo deviennent vite ''le must to have'' sans parler du lamé ou du leggings décliné dans de nombreux coloris. sexy et provoc., son image sans logo apparent se veut libre,flashy et accessible au plus grand nombre appé par la vague américaine. c'est quelques semaines après sa première ouverture parisienne que la presse commence très vite à s'y intéresser; ce succès immédiat ne tarda pas à convaincre les magazines les plus importants tels que vogue, l'officiel ou encore le elle.depuis sa première ouverture, six autres points de vente ont vu le jour à paris et bientôt dans toute la france dès 2008. it was no small test for us to open our first store in paris; after all, the city is at the center of the fashion world. we wondered, were the french going to embrace this american t-shirt company? well something very special happened... before we even had installed the sign people were flocking to our first store on marché st-honoré. we've since opened five more locations and have visions for more, not just in paris, but across the country. our products have made their way onto the pages of top french fashion magazines: mixte, crash, wad, officiel, citizen k, jalouse... you name it. we even made the cover of french vogue. it appears they liked us after all. nederland (netherlands) na vele nieuwsgierige jordanese gezichten opende begin 2006 onze eerste locatie in nederland op de westerstraat in amsterdam. de westermarkt locatie bevind zich middenin het hartje van de jordaan, met elke maandagochtend een tweedehands markt, elke zaterdag een biologische markt en niet te vergeten onze favoriete appeltaart vlak om de hoek! in samenwerking met vice, amsterdam weekly en onze vrienden van fantastic man en butt magazine hebben wij onszelf volop kunnen laten zien. afgelopen zomer opende wij onze utrechtsestraat locatie, gelegen in het verlengde van het drukke en alom bekende rembrandtplein. de utrechtsestraat store kenmerkt zich door zijn grootte en de aanwezigheid van onze eerste (en enige) california vintage select afdeling binnen de benelux. plannen voor verdere locaties zijn er voldoende, meld je aan voor onze nieuwsbrief en blijf op de hoogte van al onze ontwikkelingen. after many curious jordanese faces we opened our first dutch based store at the westerstraat in amsterdam at the beginning of 2006. the westermarkt location is right in the middle of the historical jordaan area with a second hand market every monday morning, a biologic food market every saturday and not to forget our most favorite apple-pie place just around the corner! collaborations with vice, amsterdam weekly and our friends from fantastic man and butt magazine made it possible to show that we were very excited to be a part of the neighborhood now. last summer we opened our utrechtsestraat store, located close to the busy and well known rembrandtplein square. the utrechtsestraat store is host to our first (and only) benelux based california vintage select shop-in-shop. there are many plans for further locations so subscribe to our online mailing list and stay tuned for information on all our future developments. deutschland (germany) american apparel gibt es seit september 2003 in deutschland. alles startete mit der gründung unseres office in düsseldorf, von wo aus wir anfangs t-shirts für den großhandel verkauften. mittlerweile ist dieses office die zentrale unseres gesamten europäischen groß- und einzelhandels. 2004 eröffneten wir unseren ersten deutschen retail store in frankfurt am main - der startschuss für inzwischen 9 stores in deutschland und viele weitere die noch folgen werden. 2007 wurden in köln und berlin unsere ersten california select stores mit vintage-kleidung eröffnet. american apparel hat seit 2003 auch in deutschland viele freunde gewonnen und viel positive resonanz in den medien erhalten. noch dazu wurden wir 2007 für unsere anzeigenwerbung mit dem leadaward ausgezeichnet. american apparel deutschland dates back to september 2003, when we opened our düsseldorf office and began offering t-shirts to the wholesale market. this office is now the center of our entire european wholesale business. in 2004, we opened our first retail location in frankfurt; that was just the beginning. there are now 9 stores across germany with more on the way. cologne and berlin were also home to some of our first california select boutiques, our new vintage clothing stores. the company has received much coverage in the german media and has been honored with design awards for its german ad campaigns. sverige (sweden) ända sedan starten 1999 då american apparel grundades har svenskarna länge och troget shoppat våra kläder utomlands och på nätet. allt ifrån favorit basplagg som våra hoodies till de idag klassiska scoop neck klänningarna. american apparel har ännu idag stor genomslagskraft i skandinavien med sina tidlösa kreationer som ar oberoende av rådande trender och helt i avsaknad av loggor. american apparel har på så sätt kunnat nå en bred publik och det var med stor glädje som vi augusti 2007 slog upp portarna till skandinaviens första butik på götgatan i stockholm.öppnandet blev en succe och stockholm fick en andra butik på kungsgatan året därpå. våra svenska kunder kan idag ta del av hela american apparels shoppingupplevelse; allt ifran våra reklam bilder-ofta porträtterade av våra medarbetare, american apparels egen radio station viva-radio, till dagens expanderande kollektions betonade plagg. american apparel är den enda större klädkedjan i världen som är "vertically integrated" dvs vi tillverkar allt ifrån tråd till färdiga plagg i våra anläggningar i downtown l.a vilket även gör vår produktion mer hållbarför miljön.inom modeindustrin ar vi något av pionjärer i och med att vi istället för att bedriva produktion i andra lander väljer att skapa och producera allt lokalt. det är inte alltid den lättaste vägen men den har alltid varit grundstommen i vårt företag och någonting vi är otroligt stolta över.american apparel har nått stor medial uppmärksamhet i hela världen, så också i sverige. nedan finns länkar till ett antal svenska artiklar, som fokuserar på vårt företag, våra idéer, våra reklamkampanjer, samt en intervju med grundaren, dov charney. ever since the foundation of american apparel in 1999, swedes have long and faithfully shopped our clothes abroad and online. everything from favorite basic garments like our hoodies to the now classic scoop neck dress. american apparel is still pervasive today in scandinavia with its timeless creations that are independent of current trends and completely in the absence of logos. american apparel has thus been able to reach a wide audience and it was with great pleasure that we in august 2007 opened its doors to scandinavia's first store on götgatan in stockholm. the opening was a great success and stockholm soon got a second store on kungsgatan. our swedish customers can now take advantage of the whole american apparel shopping experience, everything from our graphics-often portrayed by our employees, american apparel's own radio station viva radio,to today's expanding tailored garments.american apparel is the only major clothing chain in the world which is "vertically integrated" ie we manufacture everything from yarn to finished garments in our facility in downtown la which also makes our production more sustainable.within the fashion industry, we are somewhat pioneers in the sense that we instead of outsourcing our production we choose to manufacture everything locally. it is not always the easiest way, but it has since the start been the foundation of our company and something we are incredibly proud of. italia (italy) american apparel italia nasce relativamente tardi con l'apertura del primo store a milano nell' agosto 2007, alle colonne di san lorenzo. prevediamo di aprire il secondo a firenze nella primavera del 2008, a seguire a roma e contiamo di espanderci su tutto il territorio. fin dal primo momento i nostri prodotti e la nostra filosofia hanno attirato l'attenzione del mercato italiano, dal quale stiamo avendo un crescente riscontro. l'apprezzamento della sensibilità american apparel si ritrova nella frequente scelta dei nostri capi da parte di creativi, stampa e riviste specializzate in redazionali di moda, shootings e varie produzioni. american apparel italia was born relatively late, in august 2007, when we opened our first store in milan, at the "colonne di san lorenzo." we're now slated to open our second location in florence this spring '08, then it's onto rome before continuing expansion throughout the country. from the moment american apparel appeared on the italian market it has enjoyed an enthusiastic reception—demand from customers as well as high profile fashion magazines and productions has already been great. österreich (austria) american apparel hat den ersten store österreichs in wien eröffnet. der neue store liegt in der nähe des museumsquartiers, in sehr lebhafter und begehrter lage. wien wurde aufgrund der wachsenden anerkennung der marke in österreichs nachbarstaaten und in ganz europa als neuer standort ausgewählt. der store wurde in einem gebäude eröffnet, in dem vormals ein café untergebracht war - in der mariahilfer straße, die das museumsquartier mit spittelberg und neubau verbindet. neben zahlreichen museen gibt es in dieser gegend avantgarde - boutiquen, cafés und kneipen. american apparel has opened its doors in vienna, austria. located near museumsquartier - the museums district - the store will serve as a new destination for shoppers in this bustling upscale neighborhood.vienna was selected as a new point of entry for the company as a result of the brand's growing recognition in austria's neighboring countries and throughout europe. the store is moving into a space vacated by a cafe on mariahilfer strasse, a street that connects museumsquartier with spittleberg and neubau. in addition to several museums, the district is occupied by avant-garde boutiques, cafes, pubs and residential enclaves. לארשי (israel) לחברת אמריקן אפרל יש קשרי משפחה הדוקים עם ישראל. דודו של דב, יליד ישראל משה ספדי, הוא אדריכל נודע עם פרקטיקה משגשגת הכוללת משרדים בירושלים. הוא עיצב מבנים ציבוריים ופרטיים רבים בישראל, כולל מוזיאון יד ושם, כפר דוד בירושלים, פיתוח פרויקט ממילא וטרמינל בנמל התעופה בן גוריון. כיום יש לחברה שני סניפים בישראל. החנות בתל אביב, הממוקמת בדיזנגוף סנטר, נפתחה בשנת 2005 והורחבה לאחרונה. בחנות ישנו מגוון רחב של סגנונות חדשים לצד קלאסים, והמלאי גדול מכפי שהיה אי פעם. דיזנגוף סנטר, הסמוך לחוף הים הוא מקום תיירותי פופולרי. החנות השנייה נוסדה בשנת 2007 בירושלים, הממוקמת ברחוב ריבלין ומוקפת ברים וחנויות. לאורך השנים, אמריקן אפרל הרחיבה וחיזקה את סמלה המסחרי בין קהל הלקוחות הישראלי באמצעות התקשורת המקומית, וכן שיתופי פעולה עם תוכניות טלוויזיה וסרטים. american apparel has strong family ties with israel. dov's uncle, israeli-born moshe safdie, is a world renowned architect with a flourishing practice which includes an office in jerusalem. he has designed numerous public and private buildings of note in israel, including the museum at yad vashem, mamila development project, ben gurion airside terminal and david's village in jerusalem. the company currently has two stores in israel. the tel aviv store, located in dizengoff center, was opened in 2005 and recently expanded to stock a more wide range of new and classic styles than ever before. dizengoff center is adjacent to the beach and is a popular tourist location. the second store was founded in 2007 in jerusalem, located on rivlin street surrounded by bars and shops. throughout the years, american apparel has created increasing brand significance among israeli shoppers through local media, and collaborations with television shows and films. 中国 (china) american apparel 致力于将优质，美国制造的衣物带来中国。 在2008年, 我们将我们的零售商店扩展到几个重要的中国城市-上海、北京和深圳。 我们的商店都位于游人和时兴的中国青年人群聚集的区域，围绕着各种精品店，画廊和咖啡馆。 我们正计划着给中国时尚社区带来真正的冲击，欢迎您的支持! american apparel is committed to bringing high-quality, american-made clothing to china. over the past year, we've been expanding our stores into several chinese cities - shanghai, beijing, and shenzhen. our stores draw crowds of tourists and fashionable chinese youth alike, in areas populated with boutiques, galleries, and cafes.we plan on making a real impact in the chinese fashion community and would love your support! 한국 (korea) 2005년 아메리칸 어패럴은 드디어 아시아에 첫발을 한국에 내딛습니다. 미국에서 만들어진 제품을 국내 시장에 들여온다는 새로운 시도에 많은 우려들이 있었지만, 결국 아메리칸 어패럴 코리아는 큰 성공을 이루었습니다. 현재 쇼핑의 중심 서울에만 5개의 매장을 운영중이며, 전국적으론 총 8개의 매장이 있습니다. 아메리칸 어패럴에 대한 관심이 높아짐에 따라, 앞으로 새로운 매장을 기대하셔도 좋습니다. in 2005, korea became the site of american apparel's first store in asia. while many thought it crazy to try to sell american-made products in this market, the experiment proved to be a great success. we now have five stores located in seoul alone, a city notorious for its shopping, and a total of eight across the country. as demand increases, so too will locations. stay tuned for updates. 日本 (japan) アメリカンアパレルが日本にて第一号店を2005年9月に出店以来、プレスやファッション感度の高い客層の注目を集めて来た。 会社のポリシーは、ハイエンドファッションやサブカルチャー的な要素の強い雑誌、業界紙に至るまで記事として掲載されてきている。 店舗は代官山や渋谷など人気の高いショッピングエリアに位置し、2007年には大阪にも出店した。 現在日本での店舗数は2009年にオープンしたばかりの渋谷2号店を含み5店舗となった。斬新な広告宣伝も注目を集め、ソーシャルネットワーキングサイトやブログなどでトピックとして取り上げられている。 american apparel opened its first store in japan back in september 2005, and has since gained much attention from the press and japanese consumers. the company's philosophy and clothing line have been well documented by a variety of magazines, from both sub-culture and high-end publications alike. located first at the center of popular shopping districts like daikanyama and shibuya, in 2007 american apparel japan expanded into the osaka market as well; there are now 5 stores in japan including a second shibuya store, which opened in 2009. our own advertising creative and photography also has also received a lot of attention, and is frequently discussed on japanese social networking sites and blogs. australia since our online store first started taking international orders, we quickly noticed the sheer number of sales from that 'big brown land' australia. australians, tired of being offered sad, stale and over-designed overstock from the rest of the world (known locally as 'last years leftovers') took to our products with aplomb and online sales grew at breakneck speeds. as we expanded retail internationally we couldn't stop wondering whether the internet-based sales would be able to translate into a traditional retail model. in 2007 after some searching we found the perfect, albeit slightly rundown, 1930's former paper and binding supplies store on chapel st in melbourne. after six months of planning, design and some extensive building, we opened our doors on a quiet saturday in march 2008 to a lineup of locals, ready to finally touch and try before they bought.since then, there has been no slowing us down. now with additional stores open in sydney and adelaide, we continue to look for more locations around the country. hong kong up until the recent launch of the hong kong online store, the region was the highest performing international location without its own dedicated site. american apparel is excited to expand their presence in hong kong with a brand new online store, specifically designed to simplify and localize the online shopping experience by catering more closely to the unique region. the online store will feature region-specific promotions synchronized with seasons and holidays, and will result in a drastic reduction in the cost of shipping, as well as many other customer benefits. we are confident that this expansion will be a mutually beneficial endeavor for both american apparel and our customers in hong kong. switzerland american apparel is proud to do business in switzerland, one of the world's most thriving and creative countries. our relationship with switzerland began in july of 2005 when we opened up our first swiss retail store in zurich. we were initially attracted to zurich's vibrant artistic and cultural scene, and after the store's success, we followed up with a second location in rennweg, near the fashionable bahnhofstrasse neighborhood. in addition to its brick and mortar retail presence, american apparel has an online store, available in three languages, and offering an extensive and exclusive inventory. contact us 747 warehouse st. los angeles, ca 90021 tel. +1 (213) 488-0226 fax. +1 (213) 488-0334 contact form info store locator careers about us vertical integration political activism corporate responsibility investor relations global shop united states canada mexico brazil united kingdom european union switzerland japan korea australia hong kong singapore wholesale united states canada mexico united kingdom european union switzerland japan follow us join our mailing list subscribe ©2012 american apparel, inc. all rights reserved.privacy policy / california compliance