来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121221181436/http://www.lootcrate.com/terms_conditions/index
================================================================================

loot crate - monthly geek and gamer subscription box get loot how it works contact terms and conditions by using or accessing this website ("site"), which is owned and operated by loot crate, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the following terms of service ("terms" or "agreement"). if, at any time, you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. loot crate reserves the right to revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. please read and review these terms periodically. as a condition of your use of this site, you agree that you are at least 18 years of age or are visiting the site under the supervision of an adult or guardian and that you possess the authority to enter into a binding legal agreement. we grant you a personal, limited, non-transferable non-exclusive, license to access and use the site via a browser. we reserve the right to revise the products and services available on the site and to impose rules for and limits on use of the site or to restrict your access to part, or all, of the site without notice. we reserve the right to revoke your access at any time for any reason, including as a result of a violation of these terms, without notice. use of the website we give you permission to access and use the site for your personal use, and to copy, distribute, and transmit the content of this site only to the extent that such copying, distribution, and transmission is automatically done through your browser software incidentally to using the site for your personal use. no mechanized or other systematic process for harvesting information from this site for any purpose, including without limitation, any commercial purpose, is permitted. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized in writing. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from this site. you may print a copy of the information displayed on this site for your personal use. that means, that except as set forth above, you may not modify, reformat, copy, display, distribute, transmit, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information obtained by your use of this site. this restriction means, among other things, that you may not mirror on your own website any portion of this site or display through your own website any results pages or other information from this site without express written permission. for the avoidance of doubt, you acknowledge and agree that your access to and use of the site does not give you any right to use the name, likeness, image, signature, biographical information or any other rights of publicity or intellectual property of our celebrity spokespersons found on the site. we reserve the right to change any information, features and functions of the site without prior notice. we may deny you access to all or part of the site without prior notice if you engage in any conduct or activities that we determine, in our sole discretion, violate this agreement, our rights or the rights of any third party. we may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this site. each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the site in a manner consistent with these terms and loot crate has no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the site. you will be solely responsible for all access to and use of this site by anyone using the password and identification originally assigned to you whether or not such access to and use of this site is actually authorized by you, including without limitation, all communications and transmissions and all obligations (including without limitation financial obligations) incurred through such access or use. you are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. you shall immediately notify loot crate of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this site's security. registration and membership monthly crates shipped to your address at the price listed. you may receive emails regarding your account or promotions for special offers, including third party offers. you may change your email preferences at any time in your account settings. you can cancel your membership anytime without charge by calling customer care. please refer to the faq's for further details. billing and payments as a member, you agree to the following benefits and terms: you must provide us and keep us up to date with accurate contact and payment information, including name, shipping address, and credit or debit card number. we save your payment information for ease of future shipments and charges. all such personal information is subject to the privacy policy. you are responsible for any fees or charges your issuing bank or credit card provider may charge you. if your payment to us is returned for any reason, we may bill your account again directly and seek payment by another method including a mailed statement. risk of loss any merchandise purchased from our site will be shipped by a third party carrier. as a result, title and risk of loss for such merchandise will pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. copyright the technology underlying, and the entire content included in, the site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of loot crate and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property or proprietary rights. the collective work includes works that are licensed to loot crate. copyright 2012 loot crate. all rights reserved. we do not investigate to determine if such works are accurate nor can we provide assurance that all such works are free of typographical errors. we cannot guarantee information displayed on this site to be 100% accurate. trademarks all trademarks, service marks, and trade names of loot crate on the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of loot crate, or of their respective owners. user generated content by sharing, submitting and uploading any of your data including but not limited to photographs, images, video, music, art, or comments, you grant loot crate a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, display and perform your user data in any legal manner for the benefit of loot crate. you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all the user data that you make available through loot crate. accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (1) you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases necessary to grant loot crate the required rights to disseminate any user data, (2) neither your data nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of this data or loot crate use of your uploaded data (or any portion thereof) on, through or by the means of loot crate will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third partys patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights or rights of publicity or privacy or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. disclaimers and limitations of liability warranty disclaimer except as otherwise specifically provided, the site and the products offered on the site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, loot crate disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. loot crate does not represent or warrant that the functions contained on the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. loot crate does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials on the site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. applicable law may not allow limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. limitation of liability neither loot crate nor its celebrity spokespersons shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the site or materials on or provided through the site, even if loot crate has been advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event will loot crate's liability to you exceed the amounts that you paid to loot crate in connection with your loot crate membership. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, loot crate shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. loot crate shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, loot crate shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. loot crate has no liability on injury or damage caused by products within the crate. solely responsible by brand or manufacturer. other term; termination these terms are applicable to you upon your accessing the site. these terms, or any part of them, may be modified or terminated by loot crate without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification, and miscellaneous, shall in all events survive any termination of these terms and your use of the site. notice loot crate may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on this site, or by other reliable method. use of site use of the site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose is strictly prohibited. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless loot crate, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms, or any activity related to use of the site (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account. privacy registration data and certain other information about you are subject to our privacy policy. you understand that the technical processing and transmission of this site may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. third-party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, loot crate may link to sites operated by third parties. however, loot crate has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of loot crate. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, loot crate seeks to protect the integrity of its site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). miscellaneous your use of the site is governed in all respects by the laws of the state of california, usa, without regard to choice of law provisions, except to the extent that federal law applies. these terms evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce, and the united states arbitration act shall apply in all cases and govern the interpretation and enforcement of the arbitration rules and arbitration proceedings. any claims arising out of, relating to, or connected with these terms or your use of the site and loot crates services must be asserted individually in binding arbitration administered by the american arbitration association (aaa) in accordance with its commercial arbitration rules and the aaa supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes. the arbitrator shall not conduct any form of class or collective arbitration nor join or consolidate claims by or for individuals. the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of these terms including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of these terms is void or voidable. judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. there are only two exceptions to this arbitration agreement. first, if we reasonably believe that you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, you agree that we would be irreparably harmed by such violation or use and that we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. second, any claim of $500 or less may, at the option of the claiming party, be resolved in small claims court in los angeles county, california, if the claim and the parties are within the jurisdiction of the small claims court. by agreeing to these terms, you hereby irrevocably waive any right you may have to a court trial (other than small claims court) or to serve as a representative, as a private attorney general, or in any other representative capacity, or to participate as a member of a class of claimants, in any lawsuit, arbitration or other proceeding filed against us and/or related third parties. you acknowledge that this means that you may not have access to a court or jury. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or is barred forever. failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. these terms constitute the entire agreement between you and loot crate with regard to your use of the site. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms. loot crate may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. by continuing your membership, you accept and agree to these terms and any changes made by us to it once we notify you of these changes. if you do not wish to be bound by this agreement or any changes thereto, please see above for how to cancel your membership. your edits or changes to either the online or offline versions of this agreement or a membership offer will not be effective, regardless of form. how it works get loot about us faq privacy policy terms & conditions contact us sign up to stay in touch and for exclusive deals! (we promise we won't spam you!) © 2013 loot crate inc. all rights reserved.