来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230064008/https://www.lootcrate.com/terms_conditions
================================================================================

terms of service work around google max-age=0 order by the 19th at 9pm pt to receive april's crate. offer ends april crates disappear soon! log in toggle navigation pick a crate about our crates loot crate™ delivers the best in geek + gaming gear. from collectibles, apparel, tech gadgets, art, and other epic gear, it's like comic-con in a box! subscription crates limited edition crates past crates earn $5 log in about us help center privacy policy terms contact terms of service by using, accessing, or purchasing from this website ("site"), which is owned and operated by loot crate, inc. (herein referred to as "loot crate" or "loot crate™"), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the following terms of service ("terms" or "agreement"). if, at any time, you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. loot crate™ reserves the right to revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. please read and review these terms periodically. as a condition of your use of this site, you agree that you are at least 18 years of age or are visiting the site under the supervision of an adult or guardian and that you possess the authority to enter into a binding legal agreement. we grant you a personal, limited, non-transferable non-exclusive, license to access and use the site via a browser. we reserve the right to revise the products and services available on the site and to impose rules for and limits on use of the site or to restrict your access to part, or all, of the site without notice. we reserve the right to revoke your access at any time for any reason, including as a result of a violation of these terms, without notice. loot crate™ reserves the right to change these terms of use at any time without notice. by accessing or using any part of the site, you accept these terms, without limitation or qualification. you may not use any portion of the site if you do not agree with all of the terms. price information found on this site is subject to change without notice. we grant you a personal, limited, non-transferable non-exclusive, license to access and use the site. we reserve the right, in our sole discretion and without notice to you, to revise the products and services available on the site and to change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the site and we will not be liable to you or to any third party for doing so. we may also impose rules for and limits on use of the site or restrict your access to part, or all, of the site without notice or penalty. your continued use of the site will constitute your acceptance of any such changes. use of the website we give you permission to access and use the site for your personal use, and to copy, distribute, and transmit the content of this site only to the extent that such copying, distribution, and transmission is automatically done through your browser software incidentally to using the site for your personal use. no mechanized or other systematic process for harvesting information from this site for any purpose, including without limitation, any commercial purpose, is permitted. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized in writing. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from this site. you may print a copy of the information displayed on this site for your personal use. that means, that except as set forth above, you may not modify, reformat, copy, display, distribute, transmit, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information obtained by your use of this site. this restriction means, among other things, that you may not mirror on your own website any portion of this site or display through your own website any results pages or other information from this site without express written permission. for the avoidance of doubt, you acknowledge and agree that your access to and use of the site does not give you any right to use the name, likeness, image, signature, biographical information or any other rights of publicity or intellectual property of our celebrity spokespersons found on the site. we reserve the right to change any information, features and functions of the site without prior notice. we may deny you access to all or part of the site without prior notice if you engage in any conduct or activities that we determine, in our sole discretion, violate this agreement, our rights or the rights of any third party. we may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this site. each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the site in a manner consistent with these terms and loot crate™ has no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the site. you will be solely responsible for all access to and use of this site by anyone using the password and identification originally assigned to your whether or not such access to and use of the this site is actually authorized by you, including without limitation, all communications and transmissions and all obligations (including without limitation financial obligations) incurred through such access or use. you are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. you shall immediately notify loot crate™ of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this site's security. you may receive emails regarding your account or promotions for special offers, including third party offers. registration and membership monthly crates for loot crate™, level up subscriptions and other subscription crates offered from time to time are shipped to your address at the address you provided. you may receive emails regarding your account or promotions for special offers, including third party offers. you can cancel your membership anytime without charge by contacting customer support. please refer to the help center for further details. billing and payments by starting your loot crate subscription and providing or designating a payment method, you authorize us to charge you on a recurring monthly/3-monthly/6-monthly/12-monthly (depending on your chosen subscription package) subscription fee at the then current rate. we reserve the right to adjust pricing for our subscriptions in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. except as otherwise expressly provided for in these terms of service, any price changes to your subscription will take effect following email notice to you. as a member, you agree to the following benefits and terms: you must provide us and keep us up to date with accurate contact and payment information, including name, shipping address, and credit or debit card number. we save your payment information for ease of future shipments and charges. all such personal information is subject to the privacy policy. you are responsible for any fees or charges your issuing bank or credit card provider may charge you. if your payment to us is returned for any reason, we may bill your account again directly and seek payment by another method including a mailed statement. any account changes made after the 5th of each month should not be expected to reflect on the subscription until the following shipping period. in an effort to get crates to our subscribers as soon as possible, we begin processing shipments prior to the signup cutoff. as a result, all address updates must be made within 48 hours prior to the subscription renewal date (see "your subscription contract" below for renewal date information) to ensure they are correctly reflected on your shipment. our shipping service does not include the forwarding with your mail to an updated address. any forwarding fees incurred will not be reimbursed or credited to your subscription. returns refunds for returns will be limited to the product price only and will not include shipping and handling costs incurred at the time of purchase. your subscription contract by purchasing any subscription, you acknowledge that your subscription has an initial and recurring payment feature and you accept responsibility for all recurring charges prior to cancellation. your subscription will be automatically extended for successive periods, at the then-current subscription rate. to cancel your subscription at any time, you must do one of the following at least 48 hours prior to your next scheduled renewal date to avoid charge: update your user account at lootcrate.com, email support at weloveyou@lootcrate.com, or mail us at loot crate™, 3401 pasadena ave, los angeles, ca 90031. all subscriptions that are started between the 6th and the 19th of any given month in the case of loot crate, level up and loot pets will automatically have their renewal date moved to the 5th of the following subscription period. all subscriptions that are started between the 6th and the 27th of any given month in the case of loot anime or loot gaming will automatically have their renewal date moved to the 5th of the following subscription period. if you subscribe outside of these periods for any of loot crate, level up, loot pets, loot anime or loot gaming subscriptions, your renewal date will be your actual sign-up date. your renewal date will be the 15th of the month in which you are expected to receive the final crate in your current subscription period for firefly cargo crate.  if you cancel, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term. loot crate™ may submit periodic charges (e.g., monthly) without further authorization from you, until you provide prior notice that you have terminated this authorization or wish to change your payment method within the 48-hour notice requirement. if you cancel your subscription, you will not be eligible for a prorated refund of any portion of the subscription fee paid for the then-current subscription period. we reserve the right to revoke your subscription at any time. returns with the request of a refund will be refunded the paid for subscription cost minus the shipping and is at the discretion of customer support. membership is void where prohibited by law. if an annual subscription is not fulfilled to the full 12 month term, $20 will be held as payment for the loot crate™ t-shirt provided as a contingency of the 12 shipment commitment. product information; limitation on quantities excluding any content which may be submitted by members from time to time, we strive to ensure that the information on the site is complete and reliable. certain information may contain pricing errors, typographical errors and other errors or inaccuracies which we may correct without liability. we also reserve the right to limit quantities purchased by members and to revise, suspend, or terminate an event or promotion at any time without notice (including after an order has been submitted and/or acknowledged). we do not guarantee that all products described on our site will be available. risk of loss any merchandise purchased from our site will be shipped by a third party carrier. as a result, title and risk of loss or damage for such merchandise will pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. all missing or damaged shipments or items must be reported within 30 days of shipping to qualify for a replacement or refund based on product availability. if the product is available, a replacement will be shipped and a refund will not be issued or considered. damaged items must be reported and include a photo in the ticket submission. damaged items will be reviewed by the support agent and a replacement will be issued only for damaged products and does not cover or include packaging of said item. blemishes to packaging will not be considered as part of a damaged item. all refunds will be at the discretion of customer support. copyright the technology underlying, and the entire content included in, the site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of loot crate™ and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property or proprietary rights. the collective work includes works that are licensed to loot crate™. copyright 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 loot crate. all rights reserved. we do not investigate to determine if such works are accurate nor can we provide assurance that all such works are free of typographical errors. we cannot guarantee information displayed on this site to be 100% accurate. trademarks all trademarks, service marks, and trade names of loot crate™ on the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of loot crate™, or of their respective owners. user generated content by sharing, submitting and uploading any of your data including but not limited to photographs, images, video, music, art, or comments, you grant loot crate™ a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, display and perform your user data in any legal manner for the benefit of loot crate™. you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all the user data that you make available through loot crate™. accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (1) you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases necessary to grant loot crate™ the required rights to disseminate any user data, (2) neither your data nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of this data or loot crate™ use of your uploaded data (or any portion thereof) on, through or by the means of loot crate™ will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights or rights of publicity or privacy or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. warranty disclaimer except as otherwise specifically provided, the site and the products offered on the site are provided on as "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties or any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, loot crate™ disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. loot crate™ does not represent or warrant that the functions contained on the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes the site available are free or viruses or other harmful components. loot crate™ does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials on the site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. applicable law may not allow limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. limitation of liability neither loot crate™ nor its celebrity spokespersons shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the site or materials on or provided through the site, even if loot crate™ has been advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event will loot crate's™ liability to you exceed the amounts that you paid to loot crate™ in connection with your loot crate™ membership. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, loot crate™ shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. loot crate™ shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, loot crate™ shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. loot crate™ has no liability for injury or damage caused by products within the crate. such liability is the sole responsibility of the product brand or manufacturer. these terms are applicable to you upon your accessing the site. these terms, or any part of them, may be modified or terminated by loot crate™ without notice at any time, for any reason. loot crate™ reserves the right to limit discount codes to one per customer in its sole discretion. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification, and miscellaneous, shall in all events survive any termination of these terms and your use of the site. arbitration agreement and class action waiver: purpose: this arbitration agreement facilitates the prompt and efficient resolution of any disputes that may arise between you and loot crate. arbitration is a form of private dispute resolution in which parties to a contract agree to submit their disputes and potential disputes to a neutral third person (called an arbitrator) for a binding decision, instead of having such dispute(s) decided in a lawsuit, in court, by a judge or jury trial. please read this arbitration agreement carefully. it provides that all disputes between you and loot crate shall be resolved by binding arbitration. arbitration replaces the right to go to court. in the absence of this arbitration agreement, you may otherwise have a right or opportunity to bring claims in a court, before a judge or jury, and/or to participate in or be represented in a case filed in court by others (including, but not limited to, class actions). except as otherwise provided, entering into this arbitration agreement constitutes a waiver of your right to litigate claims in court and all opportunity to be heard by a judge or jury. there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. the arbitrator must follow this arbitration agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorney’s fees, if otherwise authorized by applicable law). for the purpose of this arbitration agreement, “loot crate” means loot crate and its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliated companies, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents. the term “dispute” means any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and loot crate regarding any aspect of your relationship with loot crate, whether based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including, but not limited to, fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, negligence, gross negligence or reckless behavior), or any other legal or equitable theory, and includes the validity, enforceability or scope of this arbitration agreement (with the exception of the enforceability of the class action waiver clause below). “dispute” is to be given the broadest possible meaning that will be enforced. we each agree that, except as provided below, any and all disputes, as defined above, whether presently in existence or based on acts or omissions in the past or in the future, will be resolved exclusively and finally by binding arbitration rather than in court in accordance with this arbitration agreement. pre-arbitration dispute resolution: for all disputes, whether pursued in court or arbitration, you must first give loot crate an opportunity to resolve the dispute. you must commence this process by mailing written notification to loot crate, inc., 3401 pasadena avenue, los angeles, california 90031. that written notification must include (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) a written description of the dispute, and (4) a description of the specific relief you seek. if loot crate does not resolve the dispute to your satisfaction within 45 days after it receives your written notification, you may pursue your dispute in arbitration. you may pursue your dispute in a court only under the circumstances described below. arbitration procedures: if this arbitration agreement applies and the dispute is not resolved as provided above (“pre-arbitration claim resolution”) either you or loot crate may initiate arbitration proceedings. the american arbitration association (“aaa”), www.adr.org, or jams, www.jamsadr.com, will arbitrate all disputes, and the arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator. the arbitration shall be commenced as an individual arbitration, and shall in no event be commenced as a representative or class arbitration. all issues shall be for the arbitrator to decide, including the scope of this arbitration agreement. for arbitration before the aaa, for disputes of less than $75,000, the aaa’s supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes will apply; for disputes involving $75,000 or more, the aaa’s commercial arbitration rules will apply. in either instance, the aaa’s optional rules for emergency measures of protection shall apply. the aaa rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. for arbitration before jams, the jams comprehensive arbitration rules & procedures and the jams recommended arbitration discovery protocols for domestic, commercial cases will apply. the jams rules are available at www.jamsadr.com or by calling 1-800-352-5267. this arbitration agreement governs in the event it conflicts with the applicable arbitration rules. under no circumstances will class action or representative action procedures or rules apply to the arbitration. because your contract with loot crate, the terms of service, and this this arbitration agreement concern interstate commerce, the federal arbitration act (“faa”) governs the arbitrability of all disputes. however, the arbitrator will apply applicable substantive law consistent with the faa and the applicable statute of limitations or condition precedent to suit. arbitration award: the arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available pursuant to applicable law, and will not have the power to award relief to, against or for the benefit of any person who is not a party to the proceeding. the arbitrator shall make any award in writing but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party. such award by the arbitrator will be final and binding on the parties, except for any right of appeal provided by the faa, and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over the parties for purposes of enforcement. location of arbitration: you may initiate arbitration in either los angeles, ca, or in the federal judicial district that includes your address that you provide in your written notification of pre-arbitration dispute resolution. in the event that loot crate initiates an arbitration, it may only do so in the federal judicial district that includes your address that you provide in your written notification of pre-arbitration dispute resolution. payment of arbitration fees and costs: loot crate will pay all arbitration filing fees and arbitrator’s costs and expenses upon your written request given prior to the commencement of the arbitration. you are responsible for all additional fees and costs that you incur in the arbitration, including, but not limited to, attorneys or expert witnesses. fees and costs may be awarded as provided pursuant to applicable law. in addition to any rights to recover fees and costs under applicable law, if you provide notice and negotiate in good faith with loot crate as provided in the section above titled “pre-arbitration dispute resolution” and the arbitrator concludes that you are the prevailing party in the arbitration, you will be entitled to recover from loot crate your actual and reasonable attorney’s fees and costs as determined by the arbitrator. class action waiver: the parties agree that the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a class or representative proceeding or claims (such as a class action, representative action, consolidated action or private attorney general action) unless both you and loot crate specifically agree to do so following initiation of the arbitration. neither you, nor any other member of loot crate and/or user of loot crate services, can be a class representative, class member, or otherwise participate in a class, representative, consolidated or private attorney general proceeding. limitation of procedural rights: you understand and agree that, by entering into this arbitration agreement, you and loot crate are each agreeing to arbitration instead of the right to a trial before a judge or jury in a public court. in the absence of this arbitration agreement, you and loot crate might otherwise have had a right or opportunity to bring disputes in a court, before a judge or jury, and/or to participate or be represented in a case filed in court by others (including class actions). except as otherwise provided below, you give up those rights. other rights that you would have if you went to court, such as the right to appeal and to certain types of discovery, may be more limited in arbitration. the right to appellate review of an arbitrator’s decision is much more limited than in court, and in general an arbitrator’s decision may not be appealed for errors of fact or law. severability: if any clause within this arbitration agreement (other than the class action waiver clause above) is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that clause will be severed from this arbitration agreement, and the remainder of this arbitration agreement will be given full force and effect. if the class action waiver clause is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then this entire arbitration agreement will be unenforceable, and the dispute will be decided by a court. small claims court: as an alternative to arbitration, you may bring a claim against loot crate in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction. such a claim may be brought in your name only, and not as a class action, representative action, consolidated action or private attorney general action. no small claims court or other court shall have the right to consolidate multiple parties’ claims or award relief to any person who is not a direct party to such small claims court proceeding. continuation: this arbitration agreement shall survive the termination of your contract with loot crate and your use of loot crate services. taxes your total price will include the price of the product plus any applicable sales tax; such state and local sales tax is based on the shipping address and the sales tax rate in effect at the time you purchase the product. we will charge tax only in states and other territories where the goods sold over the internet are taxable. international use we control and operate the site from the united states. we make no representation that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use outside the united states. if you choose to access this site from outside the united states, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. all pricing is in united state dollars. any subscriptions under an incorrect plan will be canceled and any applicable charges refunded without notice to the subscriber. notice loot crate™ may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on this site, or by other reliable method. use of site use of the site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose is strictly prohibited. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless loot crate™, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms, or any activity related to use of the site (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account. discount codes except as may be explicitly permitted through this site, you agree not to sell, license, rent, lease,modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, publicly display, publish, transfer, edit, catalogue, aggregate, or create derivative works from discount codes received on or from this site. privacy registration data and certain other information about you are subject to our privacy policy. you understand that the technical processing and transmission of this site may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. third-party links: in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, loot crate™ may link to sites operated by third parties. however, loot crate™ has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of loot crate™. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, loot crate™ seeks to protect the integrity of its site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). miscellaneous:  these terms constitute the entire agreement between you and loot crate™ with regard to your use of the site. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms. loot crate™ may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. loot crate™ refer-a-friend program as a refer-a-friend member (a "referrer"), you are subject to loot crate's™ terms of service and loot crate's™ privacy policy (both available on our website), as well as the following additional terms & conditions for loot crate's™ refer-a-friend program: qualified referral. a qualified referral is defined as a purchase made at www.lootcrate.com by a person (a "referred customer") who arrives to our website by clicking your refer-a-friend program link. you are limited to one qualified referral for each referred customer; in other words, additional/repeat purchases made by a referred customer are not counted as additional qualified referrals. referred customer. the referred customer and the referrer cannot be the same person. the referred customer must have a different email address, along with different billing and shipping information from the referrer. referral rewards. for you to earn referral rewards as a referrer, the referred customer must complete an order. reward payments. rewards are payable in increments of $5 unless explicitly noted. there is no maximum qualified referrals that can be earned per calendar. as a referrer, you are responsible for any and all tax liability resulting from referral rewards. eligibility. eligibility is limited to individuals only. loot crate's™ refer-a-friend program cannot be used by businesses for affiliate lead generation as determined in loot crate's™ sole discretion. no spam. you must comply with all up-to-date "spam" laws. for example, emails must be created and distributed in a personal manner and bulk email distribution is strongly discouraged. any distribution of your referral link that could constitute unsolicited commercial email or "spam" under any applicable law or regulation is expressly prohibited and will be grounds for immediate termination of your account and exclusion from loot crate's™ refer-a-friend program. right to close accounts. loot crate™ reserves the right to close the account(s) of any referrer and/or referred customer and to request proper payment if the referrer and/or referred customer attempts to use the loot crate™ refer-a-friend program in a questionable manner or breaches any of these terms of service or is in violation of any law, statute or governmental regulation. right to cancel program or change terms. loot crate™ reserves the right to cancel the refer-a-friend program or to change these terms of service at any time in its sole discretion. any unclaimed referral rewards will be forfeited at that time. loot crate™ mega crate and mini mega crate, loot anime™ kaiju mega crate, level up™ bonus level, loot gaming™ legendary drop and epic drop, and firefly™ cargo crate big damn prize giveaway official rules sponsor. loot crate™ and mini mega crate, loot anime™ kaiju mega crate, level up™ bonus level, loot gaming™ legendary drop and epic drop, and firefly™ cargo crate big damn prize giveaway and other periodic sweepstakes (each, a “sweepstake, and collectively, the “sweepstakes” is sponsored by loot crate, inc. (“loot crate” or “sponsor”), 3401 pasadena avenue, los angeles, ca 90031. eligibility. no purchase necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase your chance of winning. sweepstakes open to permanent, legal residents of argentina, australia, belgium, canada, chile, colombia, czech republic, denmark, finland, france, germany, hungary, iceland, ireland, israel, italy, japan, luxembourg, mexico, netherlands, norway, new zealand, poland, portugal, singapore, south africa, south korea, spain, sweden, switzerland, turkey, united kingdom, and the united states (excluding rhode island) who are eighteen (18) years of age or older at the time of entry. officers, directors, agents and employees of sponsor, subsidiaries, affiliates and advertising and promotion agencies, and any other entity involved in the development or administration of this sweepstakes, and members of their immediate families (spouses, parents, children, and siblings and their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and/or those living in the same household of each, whether or not related, are not eligible to enter or win the sweepstakes. all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply. void where prohibited. sweepstakes begins on the 1st of the month at 12:01 a.m. pst, and ends at 11:59 p.m. est on the last day of the month. the contest continues every month (the "sweepstakes period"). void where prohibited by law. how to enter. entry as a loot crate™ subscriber: to enter the sweepstakes as a loot crate™ subscriber, no action is necessary as long as the account is currently paid and active. if there is a dispute as to the identity of an entrant who made a potentially winning entry, sponsor will deem that the entry was made by the authorized account holder of the email address. the "authorized account holder" is defined as the natural person to whom the email address is assigned by an internet service provider, online service provider or other organization (e.g., business, educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address. to enter by mail: to enter the sweepstakes by mail, hand print your first and last name, street address, city, state/province, zip/postal code, country, daytime telephone number, e-mail address, and verify age eligibility on a 3"x5" card or postcard, and mail your completed card with the above stated required information to: sweepstakes/crate name ( e.g., "mega crate"), loot crate, inc., 3401 pasadena avenue, los angeles, ca, 90031. by correctly completing any of the foregoing, you will receive one (1) entry into the sweepstakes subject to the terms of these official rules. limit one (1) entry per person, household address and/or unique email address during the sweepstakes period, regardless of the method(s) of entry. any entries received in excess of this maximum will be disqualified. all mail-in entries must be postmarked by the 25th of the month to be eligible for the sweepstakes. winner selection and notification. beginning on or about the 1st of the month one (1) winner will be randomly generated and chosen by sponsor from among all eligible entries. sponsor will make at least two (2) attempts to notify each potential winner via email address submitted at the time of entry. each potential winner may be required to execute and return an affidavit of eligibility, release of liability, an irs w-9 form, and, except where prohibited, publicity release (collectively, "sweepstakes documents") within thirty (30) days of accepting the prize. noncompliance within this time period will result in disqualification, and, time permitting, an alternate potential winner(s) may be selected from the remaining eligible entries. if a potential winner cannot be reached, if he/she is found to be ineligible, if he/she cannot or does not comply with these official rules, or if his/her prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, potential winner will be disqualified and, time permitting, an alternate potential winner may be selected from the remaining eligible entries received. odds of winning depend upon the total number of eligible entries received. once all required sweepstakes documents have been correctly completed and received from a potential winner, per these official rules, the potential winner shall be an official "prize winner" of the contest. prizes are not transferable, assignable, or redeemable for cash. no substitution for a prize (or parts thereof) by a prize winner will be allowed. if necessary, due to unavailability for any reason, a comparable prize will be awarded at the sole discretion of the sponsor. all federal, state and local tax liabilities related to the value of the prize awarded are the responsibility of the prize winners. prizes: one (1) grand prize will be awarded. grand prize winner will receive one (1) mega crate prize pack comprised of collectibles, apparel, limited edition items and other gear as selected by the sponsor and published online and via newsletter every month. conditions. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. entry constitutes permission (except where prohibited by law) to use entrant's name, city, state, likeness, image, photograph, and/or voice for purposes of advertising, promotion, and publicity in any and all media now or hereafter known, throughout the world in perpetuity, without additional compensation, notification, permission or approval. by entering the sweepstakes, each entrant agrees for entrant and for entrant's heirs, executors, and administrators: (a) to release and hold harmless sponsor, all prize providers, and each of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, and any other person or entity involved in the development or administration of the sweepstakes, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees and assigns (collectively, "released parties") from any liability, illness, injury, death, loss, litigation, or damage that may occur, directly or indirectly, whether caused by negligence or not, from such entrant's participation in the sweepstakes and/or his/her acceptance, possession, use, or misuse of prize or any portion thereof (including any travel related thereto); (b) to indemnify released parties from any and all liability resulting or arising from the sweepstakes and to hereby acknowledge that released parties have neither made nor are in any manner responsible or liable for any warranty, representation, or guarantee, express or implied, in fact or in law, relative to any prize, including express warranties provided exclusively by prize suppliers that are sent along with any prize; (c) if selected as a winner, to the posting of such entrant's name on facebook , twitter and/or www.lootcrate.com, and the use by released parties of such name, and entrant's voice, image, and/or likeness for publicity, promotional, and advertising purposes in any and all media now or hereafter known, throughout the world in perpetuity, without additional compensation, notification, permission or approval and, upon request, to the giving of consent, in writing, to such use; and (d) to be bound by these official rules and to waive any right to claim any ambiguity or error herein or in the sweepstakes itself, and to be bound by all decisions of sponsor, which are binding and final. failure to comply with these conditions may result in disqualification from the sweepstakes. additional terms. sponsor reserves the right to permanently disqualify any person it believes has intentionally violated these official rules. any attempt to deliberately damage the sweepstakes or the operation thereof is unlawful and subject to legal action by sponsor, who may seek damages to the fullest extent permitted by law. the failure of sponsor to comply with any provision of these official rules due to an act of god, hurricane, war, fire, riot, earthquake, terrorism, act of public enemies, actions of governmental authorities outside of the control of sponsor (excepting compliance with applicable codes and regulations), or other "force majeure" event will not be considered a breach of these official rules. released parties assume no responsibility for any injury or damage to entrants' or to any other person's computer relating to or resulting from entering or downloading materials or software in connection with the sweepstakes. released parties are not responsible for telecommunications, network, electronic, technical, or computer failures of any kind; for inaccurate transcription of entry information; for errors in any promotional or marketing materials or in these official rules; for any human or electronic error; or for entries that are stolen, misdirected, garbled, delayed, lost, late, damaged, or returned. sponsor reserves the right to cancel, modify, or suspend the sweepstakes or any element thereof (including, without limitation, these official rules) without notice in any manner and for any reason (including, without limitation, in the event of any unanticipated occurrence that is not fully addressed in these official rules). in the event of cancellation, modification, or suspension, sponsor reserves the right to select a winner or winners, in its sole discretion, in a random drawing(s) from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received prior to the time of the event warranting such cancellation, modification, or suspension. notice of such cancellation, modification, or suspension will be posted at www.lootcrate.com. sponsor may prohibit any entrant or potential entrant from participating in the sweepstakes, if such entrant or potential entrant shows a disregard for these official rules; acts with an intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any other entrant, sponsor, or sponsor's agents or representatives; or behaves in any other disruptive manner (as determined by sponsor in its sole discretion). disputes: the sweepstake is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of california, without regard to its conflicts of law principles, and the forum and venue for any dispute shall be in los angeles, ca. if the controversy or claim is not otherwise resolved through direct discussions or mediation, it shall then be resolved by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the "arbitration agreement and class action waiver" section set forth in the sponsor's "terms of service." winners list/official rules: after confirmations of winners and prizes have been claimed, winners will be announced on loot crate's™ social media channels and/or online at www.lootcrate.com. privacy. any information collected by registering to enter the sweepstakes shall be used only in a manner consistent with these official rules and with the sponsor's privacy policy available at www.lootcrate.com. want epic deals + the looter intel? join we will never share your information.privacy policy epic geek + gamer gear. loot crate™ delivers the best in geek + gaming gear. from collectibles, apparel, tech gadgets, art, and other epic gear, it's like comic-con in a box! about blog our mission subscribe how it works community contest winners lc magazine pressroom careers affiliates socialize facebook twitter youtube instagram tumblr support faq & help center terms of service privacy policy contact follow @lootcrate copyright © 2016 loot crate welcome back! login with facebook or not a looter? join forgot password? join the looter community! join the looter community and get access to epic geek + gamer gear! you are almost there start your loot crate profile by creating a password. join ← back already a looter login