来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181227221101/https://www.christopherandbanks.com/faqs.html
================================================================================

faqs free shipping when you ship to store or with a $60 purchase! free shipping everyday  for friendship rewards members! free shipping every day! friendship rewards members: you’ll automatically receive free shipping once you sign into your account. you can sign in by entering your e-mail and password on the “my account page” or under “existing customers” in checkout. not a member? get free shipping every day with a $60 purchase: free shipping will automatically apply once your total purchase exceeds $60 after item and order level discounts. free shipping is valid for standard shipping in the contiguous united state. other available shipping options are at regular cost. make shopping more rewarding. sign up for friendship® rewards now! shop sign in my account account sign in my account account create account track order friendship rewards gift card balance wish list stores search catalog search christopher & banks welcome sign in create an account close make shopping more rewarding. sign up for friendship® rewards now! missy (4-16) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders denim destination all tops knit tops essential tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests dresses & skirts dresses skirts all bottoms pants pant fit guide jeans denim fit guide capris, shorts & skorts sale! petite (4p-16p) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. denim destination all tops knit tops essential tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests all bottoms pants jeans capris skirts sale! womens plus size (14w-24w) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders denim destination all tops knit tops essential tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests dresses & skirts dresses skirts all bottoms pants pant fit guide jeans denim fit guide capris, shorts & skorts sale! accessories all accessories jewelry scarves & wraps socks & hosiery handbags outfits & collections missy 4-16 collections outfits featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders denim destination women 14w-24w collections outfits featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders denim destination sale & outlet all sale & clearance sale! clearance! missy (4-16) sale & clearance sale! clearance! petite (4p-16p) sale & clearance sale! clearance! women (14w-24w) sale & clearance sale! clearance! outlet missy (4-16) petite (4p-16p) women (14w-24w) accessories clearance credit card blog order status help give feedback 0 my shopping bag your bag is empty. check out what is new & noteworthy! your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. customer service faqs customer service customer service menu customer service home track your order faqs shopping & order information payment shipping returns & exchanges friendship rewards faqs manage my account email shipping information return & exchanges contact us size charts & measuring guide gift cards & wishlists christopher & banks credit card friendship rewards program sign up friendship rewards benefits check point balance terms & conditions product articles plus size career clothes plus size evening wear plus size tunic tops pull over sweaters sweaters on sale women’s long sweaters women's over sized sweaters flattering dresses for plus size women long sleeve tunic tops plus size pants plus size special occasion dresses plus size women’s clothes short sleeve cardigan sweater sweaters for women tunic tops white cardigans white sweaters winter sweaters women’s black cardigan sweaters women’s black sweaters women’s brown cardigan sweaters women’s green cardigan sweaters women’s long cardigan sweaters our company company history mission and values community for investors affiliate program affiliate program overview affiliate program faqs affiliate participation agreement sign up careers privacy & security secure shopping guarantee privacy policy terms of use cookies browser settings site map faqs shopping & order information q: where is my order? q: can i change my order? q: i like the item i bought, but it is the wrong size for me. can i exchange it for a different size? q: how do i use find in store? q: can i create a wish list? q: can i view someone else’s wish list? q: how do i determine what the best size is for me? q: what if i see a lower price after i buy something? q: how do i shop for items online? q: how do i purchase an item(s) that i want? q: how can i select ship-to-a-store when placing an order? q: i found an item, but the store doesn't have the correct size. how can i find it online? q: how can i find a store near me? q: what are your store hours? q: do you have an "outlet" store? q: i'm having trouble viewing pictures on the site. what can i do to fix this? q: do you have a mail-order catalog i can sign up to receive? q: where can i learn more about how to purchase and redeem gift cards? q: where is my order? you may check the status of your order at any time by viewing the order history section of my account. you will also receive e-mail updates about your order status at the address you provided during checkout. if you do not have an account you may click here to enter in your order number and zip code to check for tracking updates. if you need further assistance tracking your order please contact a customer service associate by calling 1-800-890-9601. it may take up to 1 hour for processing information to appear in your order history after you select "place order". shipment tracking information is provided in your order history when your package is checked into the carrier's system and may not be available for up to 48 hours after an order has left our warehouse. occasionally, orders are delivered via a carrier that does not offer the ability to track a package. q: can i change or cancel my order? we process orders very quickly to ensure that you receive them as soon as possible. as a result, you are unable to change or cancel your order after it is placed. once you receive your order in the mail, simply return any items you do not want by following our return instructions. q: i like the item i bought, but it is the wrong size for me. can i exchange it for a different size? yes, you may exchange your item in-store for any online order. or, enclose your item(s) and return slip in a package, indicating the reason for your return, and mail it back to us. we cannot process exchanges by mail, but you can contact a customer service associate by calling 1-800-890-9601, and we will be pleased to assist in placing a new order for the correct size. q: how do i use find in store? find in store is a tool on our website that allows customers to locate merchandise from any of our christopher & banks stores. the find in store link will be displayed on each product detail page. when clicked, it will pre-populate the original product. you will be asked to provide your choice of size, color, zip code and mile radius for the area you wish to shop. find in store can currently be used for all products with the exception of accessories and clearance items. find in store search results will display all store locations within the specified mile radius of the zip code entered. you will be able to print these search results. due to the rapid change in inventory throughout the day, we cannot guarantee availability. if the item you want is in a local store, you may visit that location and purchase it. if the item is not available in store, you can still enjoy free shipping by ordering it online. watch our quick tutorial to see how easy it is by clicking here! q: can i create a wish list? yes! creating a wish list of items you would like to have is easy and fun. you may share your list with family and friends, or you can choose to keep it to yourself. 1. first you must log in or create an account . once logged in, you can create your wish lists. you will be able to access your wish lists at any time at the bottom of the page under customer service, or in the left side menu in my account. 2. find an item you would like to add, select your size and color, and click the heart in the corner of the main image. 3. after your wish list is completed, you can share it with family and friends or just keep it to yourself for later reference. q: can i view someone else’s wish list? you can view someone else’s wish list in the following ways: 1. if you received an email notifying you a wish list has been shared with you, you can simply click on the link provided in the email to view their wish list. 2. if you have not received an email notification, you may visit this page and enter in their first and last name, or email address, to search for their wish list. you will only be able to view another person’s wish list if it has been set to be viewed publicly. q: how do i determine what the best size is for me? view our size guide  to see the sizes we offer and choose the size that matches your body measurements and fit preferences. to help you get accurate body measurements refer to the how to measure section of the size guide . q: what if i see a lower price after i buy something? price adjustments can be made within 10 days of the original purchase date on merchandise purchased at full price when the original receipt is presented. the price difference will be refunded in the original form of payment. no price adjustments will be made for merchandise originally purchased on sale, via a promotion, or using a coupon. stores do not price match special online promotions. for merchandise purchased online: to receive a one-time price adjustment for merchandise purchased online please call our online customer service at 1-800-890-9601. stores cannot process price adjustments for merchandise purchased online. for merchandise purchased in-store: to receive a price adjustment for merchandise purchased in store, please visit one of our stores. our online customer service cannot process price adjustments for merchandise purchased in store. q: how do i shop for items online? there are two ways to shop our full assortment online. you can shop by browsing the various product categories and their drop-down menus at the top of the page. or, you can search for an item you are looking for by typing the product words or style number into the "search" box. q: how do i purchase an item(s) that i want? as you browse our fashions, select any item for detailed product and pricing information. indicate your desired color and size, and select "add to bag." once you have gathered all the items you wish to purchase, select "start secure checkout" and proceed through the indicated steps. you can also place your order with a customer service associate by calling 1-800-890-9601. q: how can i select ship-to-a-store when placing an order? to ship an order to a christopher and banks non-outlet location please follow these steps: 1. add the item(s) to the cart and start secure checkout, 2. login for faster checkout or select guest checkout, 3. select "ship to store", 4. click on "change store" to change store location, 5. enter the billing and payment information, and 6. click "place order" q: i found an item, but the store doesn't have the correct size. how can i find it online? a store associate would be happy to locate the item and order it for you. if ordered in-store, it will be shipped directly to you at no cost if you live in the contiguous united states. you can also search for the item online by typing keywords into the search box at the top of the page, or looking through the various product categories to find the item you are looking for. q: how can i find a store near me? use our convenient store locator to find the location nearest you. q: what are your store hours? our store hours vary by location and season. use our store locator to find the store nearest you and their regular hours of operation. for extended holiday hours please contact the store directly by phone. q: do you have an "outlet" store? yes, you can find a wide selection of value priced items in our outlet stores. use our store locator to find the store nearest you. q: i'm having trouble viewing pictures on the site. what can i do to fix this? our site is best viewed at a screen setting with a resolution of 800 x 600 or greater. check your screen setting to ensure it is set at this resolution or greater. more information. q: do you have a mail-order catalog i can sign up to receive? at this time, we do not have a catalog. q: where can i learn more about how to purchase and redeem gift cards? please visit our gift cards page by clicking here. learn more friendship® rewards shop • earn • save! now we have more ways to earn points and save at every level! as you shop, unlock member-exclusive offers, events and opportunities to earn more! learn more sign-up for the latest news, exclusive offers, and special invitations to events ★ ★privacy policy sign-up ★privacy policy customer service track your order gift card lookbook faq shipping returns live chat live chat (currently unavailable) size chart product articles coupons contact us give feedback accessibility policy empty manage your credit card empty apply now pay bill online credit card benefits access your account empty friendship® rewards empty sign-up friendship® rewards benefits check points balance service our company for investors community affiliate program careers privacy policy terms of use security sitemap stay connected facebook pintrest instagram twitter youtube customer service: live chat live chat (currently unavailable) or ph: 1-800-890-9601 ©2018 christopher & banks. all rights reserved. questions? we can help! questions? we can help! back-to-top topback to top