来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191217060707/https://www.christopherandbanks.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

christopher & banks | cjbanks privacy policy free shipping when you ship to store or with a $60 purchase! free shipping everyday for friendship rewards members! free shipping every day! friendship rewards members: you'll automatically receive free shipping once you sign into your account. you can sign in by entering your e-mail and password on the "my account page" or under "existing customers" in checkout. not a member? get free shipping every day with a $60 purchase: free shipping will automatically apply once your total purchase exceeds $60 after item and order level discounts. free shipping is valid for standard shipping in the contiguous united state. other available shipping options are at regular cost. make shopping more rewarding. sign up for friendship® rewards now! shop sign in my account account sign in my account account create account track order friendship rewards gift card balance wish list stores search catalog search christopher & banks welcome sign in create an account close make shopping more rewarding. sign up for friendship® rewards now! missy (4-16) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders denim destination perfect pieces june sneak peek sale! all tops knit tops essential tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests dresses & skirts dresses skirts all bottoms pants pant fit guide jeans denim fit guide capris, shorts & skorts petite (4p-16p) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. denim destination perfect pieces june sneak peek sale! all tops knit tops essential tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests all bottoms pants jeans skirts capris, shorts & skorts womens plus size (14w-24w) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders denim destination perfect pieces june sneak peek sale! all tops knit tops essential tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests dresses & skirts dresses skirts all bottoms pants pant fit guide jeans denim fit guide capris, shorts & skorts accessories all accessories jewelry scarves & wraps socks & hosiery handbags --> outfits & collections missy 4-16 collections outfits ways to wear featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders denim destination perfect pieces women 14w-24w collections outfits ways to wear featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders denim destination perfect pieces sale & outlet all sale & clearance sale! clearance! missy (4-16) sale & clearance sale! clearance! petite (4p-16p) sale & clearance sale! clearance! women (14w-24w) sale & clearance sale! clearance! outlet missy (4-16) petite (4p-16p) women (14w-24w) accessories clearance credit card blog order status help give feedback 0 my shopping bag your bag is empty. check out what is new & noteworthy! your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. customer service privacy policy customer service customer service menu customer service home track your order faqs shopping & order information payment shipping returns & exchanges friendship rewards faqs manage my account email shipping information return & exchanges contact us size charts & measuring guide gift cards & wishlists christopher & banks credit card friendship rewards program sign up friendship rewards benefits check point balance terms & conditions product articles plus size career clothes plus size evening wear plus size tunic tops pull over sweaters sweaters on sale women’s long sweaters women's over sized sweaters flattering dresses for plus size women long sleeve tunic tops plus size pants plus size special occasion dresses plus size women’s clothes short sleeve cardigan sweater sweaters for women tunic tops white cardigans white sweaters winter sweaters women’s black cardigan sweaters women’s black sweaters women’s brown cardigan sweaters women’s green cardigan sweaters women’s long cardigan sweaters our company company history mission and values community for investors affiliate program affiliate program overview affiliate program faqs affiliate participation agreement sign up careers privacy & security secure shopping guarantee privacy policy terms of use cookies browser settings site map privacy policy this privacy policy ("privacy policy") was last updated on september 12, 2018 ("effective date"). thank you for visiting the privacy policy for the christopher & banks family of companies. we want you to know that privacy issues are important to us. we will only use your information as permitted by this privacy policy as it may be revised and updated from time to time. for further information please contact us as described below. we want you to know: (i) what information we gather; (ii) the steps we take to protect the information that you provide us; (iii) how we use that information; (iv) how we may share it with others; and (v) that we periodically review and revise this privacy policy. by doing business with us at any time after the effective date, including via our website at www.christopherandbanks.com, visiting any of our social media pages (the "sites") or interacting with christopher & banks in the manner described in this privacy policy such as shopping in our stores, you consent to this privacy policy and the practices it describes. specifically, you: consent to the application of this privacy policy to you and to the terms and practices described herein; consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this policy; and acknowledge and agree that we may change, modify or otherwise amend this policy from time-to-time. this privacy policy applies to the christopher & banks family of companies, which is comprised of christopher & banks, inc. and all of our current and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (meaning corporations under the same control, to which we may refer to as "legal affiliates", and collectively with christopher & banks, inc., as "we", "us", "our", "christopher & banks", and the "company") and also applies to our sites. this privacy policy does not apply to any other companies or websites, and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of websites operated by others, even if they are linked to our sites. this privacy policy specifically does not apply to businesses that we may refer to as "marketing affiliates", "marketing partners", "third party partners" or "vendors", all of which are unrelated to us. note: this policy does not apply to job applicants. what information do we collect? we collect a variety of information about our in-store and online customers and site visitors, some of which is collected automatically when you visit our sites as noted below. this section describes the information we collect. the information you provide may be used by the company in our retail business, our online business, to fulfill orders, to operate our loyalty program and our private label credit card program and to communicate with customers regarding offers of goods, promotions or other benefits from us or our third party partners that christopher & banks reasonably believes may be of interest to all or certain of our customers based upon customer demographics, buying history or other reasons. information collected automatically. each time a computer, mobile phone or other device (collectively, a "computer") visits our sites, we may automatically collect certain information from that device. information that is automatically collected may include (but is not limited to) the following: characteristics about your browser, operating system and computer you use to access our sites; the name of the domain and host from which the computer accessed the internet; the internet address of any website from which the computer linked; the internet protocol (ip) address of the computer you are using; the date and time the computer accessed the site; and if you accessed our sites via a link in an email you received from christopher & banks, your email address. in addition, we may use geolocation services to provide location based content such as store locations and push notifications. some devices allow you to turn off location services or push notifications. if you consent to location services, we may collect information about the wi-fi routers and cell towers closest to you to provide location based content or services. this type of information on its own does not tell us who you are, although it may identify the computer that you are using and how you are using it. we may also combine this information with personal information you have provided to us (as described below). like many websites, we may place a file or files called a "cookie" or "pixel on computers that visit our sites or when you open links that we may send you. these are small data files that receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device. we may also use "web beacons," which are clear image files that may be placed on a website to monitor the behavior of visiting users of the website. web beacons and cookies may be used by us and our marketing partners to allow your computer to use all the features on our sites and to customize your experience. you may enable, disable, block or remove some types of cookies and related files on your computer by following the instructions on your web browser. while cookies are not required to view our sites, they do enable a number of functions on our sites to work more efficiently. we use cookies for a variety of purposes, including to populate information for returning visitors who have previously logged into our sites to give them access to personalized features and settings. we also may use cookies to recognize customer traffic patterns and site use. this information can help us improve the site's layout and design, including the features and personalization that we can offer returning users. on our sites, we may also collect and track certain types of information about your use of our sites, such as which pages or features of our sites you visit, when and how often. we may combine this type of information with other demographic information about you or other information you provide to us. we use a third-party service to publish ads on our behalf across the internet. this third-party service may collect information about your visits to our sites and other websites and your interaction with our products and services, as well as with websites generally. they may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. they also enable us to collect the following types of information: pages visited, products viewed and/or purchased, search term usage and other common website metrics. this information helps us to learn things like what pages are most attractive to our customers, which of our products most interest our customers and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. this is often called "behavioral advertising." this information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by many websites. our sites do not respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. to learn more about these advertising practices or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org or www.aboutads.info/choices/. we also provide you with additional tools to opt out of certain marketing communications from us as explained below. personal information that you choose to provide to us. you may provide us information about yourself through our sites, in person, in a store, by our store personnel using point of sale systems, by phone or mail, through social networking and similar websites, by e-mail or text messages, and in other ways. for example, you will give us information if you place an order; create a user profile, provide requested information as part of a loyalty program, credit card application, or a registration either online or in-store; request information from us; send us an e-mail or text message; provide feedback about our stores or sites; send us your name or other information; enter a contest or sweepstakes either online or in-store; follow or interact with us on social media; or fill out certain forms related to our business of selling women's clothing or in response to a marketing program or other promotions that we may be involved in. the information that you provide to us may include your name, address, telephone number, purchase information and history, e-mail address, and credit card number, as well as other information. you may also provide us with the name and address of a gift recipient. if you apply for a christopher & banks credit card online, you will be providing your personal information directly to the issuing bank for the christopher & banks credit card. however, your name, address, phone number, birth date and credit card number, as well as any additional information necessary for us to provide you with the perks and privileges of the christopher & banks credit card, may be provided to us by the card issuer. your full name in connection with one or more of the following pieces of information is referred to in this privacy policy as "personal information": your mailing address, telephone or cell phone number, e-mail address, or credit card number. although you are not required to provide us with any personal information, if you decline to do so you may not be able to perform certain actions, such as completing an order, ordering a gift card, applying for a christopher & banks credit card, or joining any loyalty or reward program that we might offer. from time-to-time, we may supplement the information you give us with information from other sources, such as information validating your address or demographic information based on your zip code. we may also supplement the information you give us with information we collect from you in other ways. for example, if you shop at one of our stores, we may supplement the information you provide online with information we collect at the store. information provided by third parties. we may receive information from third party partners, such as marketing and demographic data, and information from advertisers about your experiences or interactions with them. we may combine such information with other information we receive from or about you. in this privacy policy, we refer collectively to personal information and other information about you as "information." why do we collect your information? we may collect your information: for the purposes described in this or future versions of this privacy policy; as permitted or required by applicable law, regulation, court order or legal process; and for any additional purposes for which we have obtained your consent. how do we use your information? as stated above, we and third parties may use your information to help us make the sites more useful to you and for other business purposes. for example, we or our marketing affiliates may learn how many computers visited our sites or what pages were most popular. we and/or our marketing affiliates may prepare reports and analyses using such information. we may combine this information with personal information and use and share the combined information in the ways described in this privacy policy. personal information. we may use your personal information in order to manage, maintain, and develop our operations, including for example: to establish, maintain and manage our relationship with you so that we may provide you with the items that you have ordered; to enable you to register and access an account with us; to maintain and manage your account in friendship rewards, our customer loyalty program; to be able to review your orders so that we may: (i) understand your preferences for our products; and (ii) work to improve our sites and products; to analyze what items you may be most interested in and suggest those items to you; to communicate with you, and to send you information we think may be of interest to you, including offers and promotions from ourselves and/or our third-party partners in some cases in response to preferences provided to us; allowing you to post content, photos and consumer reviews regarding our products; to protect us against error, fraud, theft and damage to our goods and property; to enable us to comply with applicable law, regulation, court order or legal process; and any other reasonable purpose consistent with this or future versions of our privacy policy. when do we share your personal information? we may share your information with selected third parties: as described in this and any future versions of this privacy policy; as permitted or required by applicable law, regulation, court order or legal process; as part of our regular reporting activities; to protect our rights and property; during emergency situations or where we deem it necessary to protect the safety of a person or group of persons; and for other purposes with your consent. we also may share your information with selected third parties as described in this privacy policy. for example, we share your information with the marketing affiliates that we hire to operate our sites, receive and fulfill orders, provide customer support and other support services, collect feedback about our stores and sites, assist us in the administration of our loyalty program, send emails, mailings or catalogs for us, market our products or services, or perform other services for us. our marketing affiliates are not authorized to use your information for any purposes other than to provide services to us. as stated above, the term "we" includes the christopher & banks family of companies, each member of which may therefore use and share the information as permitted by this privacy policy. in addition, from time-to-time we may share your information or our mailing lists (both postal mail and e-mail) with marketing partners that may jointly with us or independently contact you or market to you. we also may utilize service providers to assist us in aggregating customer information. we may then share such aggregated information with prospective marketing partners and advertisers. we will direct marketing partners and advertisers to use and protect the information in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. when christopher & banks conducts contests, sweepstakes, promotions and surveys, or joins with other companies to do so, if you choose to participate you may be asked to provide personal information. christopher & banks and the other participating companies may use this information for such purposes as notifying winners and fulfilling promotional obligations, and may also cross reference customer databases to identify common customers. information from these activities may be used to explore future promotional opportunities or fulfill contractual obligations with respect to such contests, sweepstakes, etc. further, as we are a u.s.-based company and your personal information will generally be stored in our offices and with our service providers in the united states, such personal information will be subject to the laws of the government of the united states of america. opting out for advertising and other communications as stated above, we and third parties acting on our behalf may contact you and market to you, including by e-mail, internet connection, text, telephone, fax or mail, consistent with this privacy policy and applicable law. we permit you to opt out of promotional and marketing communications as follows. our various communication lists are administered separately, so it is necessary to opt out of each separately; opting out of one form of communication does not automatically opt you out from others. we expect third parties with whom we share your information (other than third parties providing support services only on our behalf) to also allow you to opt out of future e-mail and texting marketing communications. participation in certain of our programs, including our loyalty program or private label credit card, may require you to accept e-mail communications regarding the program itself. e-mail: to opt out of receiving promotional e-mail communications, click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the e-mail that you receive or email customerservice@christopherandbanks.com. text messages: you will only receive promotional text messages from christopher & banks if you expressly opt in to receive such messages. if you would like to stop receiving promotional text messages from christopher & banks, reply to a text message you receive from us with the word "stop". postal mail and phone: you may opt out of receiving phone calls and mailings by postal mail by contacting us as described in "our contact information" below. it may take us a number of days to complete the process to remove you from our communication distribution lists, as is permitted by law. if you do not want us to share any of your personal information with third parties (other than our service providers or as required by law), please contact us at customer service, christopher & banks, inc., 2400 xenium lane north, plymouth, minnesota 55441 or customerservice@christopherandbanks.com and we will flag your personal information in our database such that it should not be shared with third parties as described elsewhere in this privacy policy. our ownership of information and business transfers our record of all your information, including personal information, is an asset of ours and belongs to us. in the event of a sale, merger, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation, corporate reorganization, grant of a security interest, or similar transaction involving some or all of our business, we may share with or transfer your information to the buyer, creditor or successor entity. because one of the purposes for which christopher & banks collects, uses and/or discloses personal information is the operation of its business, in the event that all or part of the assets of christopher & banks are sold to a new owner, all personal information, or that part of the personal information associated with the assets being sold, will be transferred (disclosed) to the new owners, subject to applicable laws. we may also continue to retain a copy of the personal information that is sold or transferred from our continued use. security we and the vendors who help us with hosting and security use a number of physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that are intended to be appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information in question. however, there is no such thing as perfect security. as a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the sites, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the sites, and you do so at your own risk. you understand and agree that we are not responsible for the unlawful actions of third parties or the consequences of such actions. you should take your own steps to protect your own computer systems and data from viruses, hackers, identity thieves and other risks. we use the industry standard encryption protocol known as secure socket layer (ssl) in an effort to keep your order information secure. ssl encryption has been established for every transaction made through our e-commerce website. the security of your personal information is important to us; please advise us at privacy@christopherandbanks.com immediately of any incident involving the loss of, unauthorized access to, or disclosure of personal information that is in our custody or control. how do i view or revise my information? our sites may permit you to view and change portions of your personal information, such as your shipping and billing addresses, telephone number, birthday and password if you have an account set up on our website. click here (https://www.christopherandbanks.com/account) to view or change this contact information. you may also contact us in the ways described below in the section on our contact information to change some portions of your personal information, or, to the extent required by law, to learn what type of personal information is being kept about you. when requesting access to your personal information, please note that we may request specific information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access, as well as to search for and provide you some of the personal information that we hold about you. if you require assistance in preparing your request, please contact privacy@christopherandbanks.com. please note the following: in some circumstances, we may not agree with your request to change your personal information and will instead append an alternative text to the record in question; even if you change your personal information, we may continue to preserve a copy of your old information based on various back-up and archival methods in place at christopher & banks; your right to access the personal information that we hold about you is not absolute. there are some instances where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all of the personal information that we hold about you. in addition, your personal information may have been destroyed, erased, or made anonymous or unavailable in accordance with our security, record retention, and related practices or due to other events. what about privacy on other sites? our sites may contain links to other websites. we provide these links for your convenience, but we do not review, control or monitor the privacy practices of web sites operated by others. we are not responsible for the performance of these sites or for your business dealings with them. your use of other websites is subject to the terms and conditions of those websites, including the privacy policies of those websites. if you are visiting our sites through a link from another website or search engine, information about your visit to us may be collected by the provider of the other website or search engine. we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these other websites or search engines. notice to california residents/your california privacy rights if you are a resident of the state of california, under california law, website and online service operators are required to disclose how they respond to web browser "do not track" signals. christopher & banks does not currently take actions to respond to do not track signals. california law requires website and online service operators to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users' online activities over time and across different sites when the users use the operator's website or service. third parties that have content or services on our sites such as a social feature, analytics service, or an advertising network partner, may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits but this information does not include personal information. we do not knowingly permit such third parties to collect any personal information from our sites unless you directly provide it to us and we provide it to them consistent with this policy. you may request a list of all third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information during the preceding calendar year for the third parties' marketing purposes. to request such a list, you should send a request to privacy@christopherandbanks.com or attn: privacy, christopher & banks, inc., 2400 xenium lane north, plymouth, mn 55441. please include "california privacy rights" in the subject line of your email or on the mailing envelope of your request, and include your name and mailing address. if you are a minor under 18 and have a profile on a christopher & banks' site, you may ask us to remove reviews, photos or other content that you posted on the site by writing to us and providing as much detail as possible (i.e. date and caption) as to the post(s) you want removed. we will begin to process your request within 30 days. please note that processing your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of content that you posted. privacy policy changes and updates we may change this privacy policy at any time without prior notice to you. if we change this privacy policy, any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised policy on our website. you may wish to check this section of our website from time to time, because by visiting our website or other sites, or otherwise continuing to interact with us, you agree to accept any such changes to this privacy policy. visitors from outside the united states these sites are governed by the laws of the united states and are intended for use by individuals while in the united states and we only ship goods to u.s. addresses. christopher & banks does not intentionally offer or market its goods to individuals outside the united states and canada and does not seek information relating to such individuals. accordingly, christopher & banks' data collection is subject only to the laws of the united states, as applicable. if you are located in the european union, canada or elsewhere outside of the united states, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the united states. by using the sites, or providing us with any information, you (a) acknowledge that the sites are subject to the laws of the united states, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the united states and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen, and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws. special rules about children's privacy our sites are not directed at children under 13. we will not intentionally collect online any personal information from children under the age of 13. children under the age of 13 may use our sites only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. if you think that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us as described below and we will delete it from our files. last update this privacy policy was last updated on september 12, 2018. interpretation of this privacy policy interpretations of this privacy policy will be made by management of christopher & banks in its sole discretion. this privacy policy includes examples but is not intended to be restricted in its application to such examples; therefore where the word "including" is used, it shall mean "including without limitation." this privacy policy does not create or confer upon any individual any rights, or impose upon us any rights or obligations outside of, or in addition to, any rights or obligations imposed by united states privacy laws, as applicable. should there be, in a specific case, any inconsistency between this privacy policy and such privacy laws, this privacy policy shall be interpreted, in that specific case, to give effect to and comply with applicable privacy laws. our contact information if you have questions or comments about this privacy policy or desire to register a concern or complaint, please contact us in any of three ways: send us an e-mail: privacy@christopherandbanks.com; call us at: (763) 551-5000; or write to us at: attn: privacy, christopher & banks, inc., 2400 xenium lane north, plymouth, minnesota 55441. learn more learn more sign-up for the latest news, exclusive offers, and special invitations to events ★ ★privacy policy sign-up ★privacy policy customer service track your order gift card faq shipping returns live chat live chat (currently unavailable) size chart product articles coupons contact us give feedback accessibility policy empty manage your credit card empty apply now pay bill online credit card benefits access your account empty friendship® rewards empty sign-up friendship® rewards benefits check points balance service our company for investors community affiliate program careers privacy policy terms of use security sitemap stay connected facebook pintrest instagram twitter youtube customer service: live chat live chat (currently unavailable) or ph: 1-800-890-9601 ©2018 christopher & banks. all rights reserved. questions? we can help! questions? we can help! back-to-top topback to top