来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201226005620/https://www.christopherandbanks.com/faqs.html
================================================================================

faqs limited time! free shipping: any order. no minimum. limited time: 50% off new arrivals! free pickup in-store: get your order today! 50% off (in-stores, outlets and online) 50% off offer is valid for purchases made in store, outlet and online at christopherandbanks.com and is non-transferable, not for sale or resale. offer valid on full price styles only. not valid on sale, 25% off, bogo perfect tees, bogo accessories, doorbusters, ornaments, clearance, price points, or ultimate values. not valid on gift boxing, applicable taxes or shipping charges. may be combined with friendship rewards certificates but discount will be applied before certificate. this offer is not redeemable for cash, and may not be applied to previous purchases, credit card payments or the purchase of gift cards. refunds will match the actual purchase price printed on the receipt. please consult our terms of use at christopherandbanks.com for applicable terms for redemption. free store pickup select free store pickup to pick up your online order in your favorite c&b store. if the store has it in stock you could get it as soon as today. if not, we’ll ship it to the store for free. we will keep you updated by email and let you know once your order is ready to pick up. please do not attempt to pick up your order until you hear from us. you have 5 days to pick up your order once you hear from us. free standard shipping (online only) free shipping offer is only valid online at christopherandbanks.com. free shipping valid for “standard” shipping option within the contiguous united states only. other available shipping options are at regular cost. make shopping more rewarding. sign up for friendship® rewards now! shop sign in my account account sign in my account account create account track order friendship rewards gift card balance wish list my store wichita, ks 67205 my store 20 miles 20 miles christopher & banks newmarket square 2441 n maize rd, ste 1807 wichita, ks 67205 (316) 729-0512 missy, petite, women get directions store details store hours mon: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmtue: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmwed: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmthu: closedfri: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmsat: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmsun: 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm get directions store details change search catalog search christopher & banks welcome sign in create an account close make shopping more rewarding. sign up for friendship® rewards now! missy (4-16) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders shop doorbusters! sale! all tops knit tops perfect tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests sleepwear dresses & skirts dresses skirts all bottoms jeans jean fit guide pants pant fit guide crops, shorts & skorts your perfect pants petite (4p-16p) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. whimsical wonder collection shop doorbusters! sale! all tops knit tops perfect tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests dresses & skirts all bottoms jeans jean fit guide pants pant fit guide skirts crops, shorts & skorts your perfect pants womens plus size (14w-24w) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders shop doorbusters! sale! all tops knit tops perfect tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests sleepwear dresses & skirts dresses skirts all bottoms jeans jean fit guide pants pant fit guide crops, shorts & skorts your perfect pants accessories all accessories holidays at home jewelry scarves & wraps socks & hosiery eyewear face masks holiday accessories ornaments outfits & collections missy 4-16 collections outfits ways to wear style gallery featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders women 14w-24w collections outfits ways to wear style gallery featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders sale & outlet all sale & clearance doorbusters! sale! clearance! missy (4-16) sale & clearance doorbusters! sale! clearance! petite (4p-16p) sale & clearance doorbusters! sale! clearance! women (14w-24w) sale & clearance doorbusters! sale! clearance! outlet missy (4-16) petite (4p-16p) women (14w-24w) accessories clearance gift shop missy gift shop comfy cozy gift sets stocking stuffers home goods women gift shop comfy cozy gift sets stocking stuffers home goods petite gift shop credit card blog order status help give feedback 0 my shopping bag your bag is empty. check out what is new & noteworthy! your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. customer service faqs customer service customer service menu customer service home track your order faqs shopping & order information payment shipping returns & exchanges friendship rewards faqs manage my account email shipping information return & exchanges contact us size charts & measuring guide gift cards & wishlists christopher & banks credit card friendship rewards program sign up friendship rewards benefits check point balance terms & conditions product articles plus size career clothes plus size evening wear plus size tunic tops pull over sweaters sweaters on sale women’s long sweaters women's over sized sweaters flattering dresses for plus size women long sleeve tunic tops plus size pants plus size special occasion dresses plus size women’s clothes short sleeve cardigan sweater sweaters for women tunic tops white cardigans white sweaters winter sweaters women’s black cardigan sweaters women’s black sweaters women’s brown cardigan sweaters women’s green cardigan sweaters women’s long cardigan sweaters our company company history mission and values for investors affiliate program affiliate program overview affiliate program faqs affiliate participation agreement sign up careers privacy & security secure shopping guarantee privacy policy calif. residents: do not sell my personal info terms of use cookies browser settings site map faqs shopping & order information q: where is my order? q: can i change my order? q: i like the item i bought, but it is the wrong size for me. can i exchange it for a different size? q: how do i use find in store? q: can i create a wish list? q: can i view someone else’s wish list? q: how do i determine what the best size is for me? q: what if i see a lower price after i buy something? q: how do i shop for items online? q: how do i purchase an item(s) that i want? q: how can i place a free store pickup order? q: i found an item, but the store doesn't have the correct size. how can i find it online? q: how can i find a store near me? q: what are your store hours? q: what are your covid-19 policies? q: do you have an "outlet" store? q: i'm having trouble viewing pictures on the site. what can i do to fix this? q: do you have a mail-order catalog i can sign up to receive? q: where can i learn more about how to purchase and redeem gift cards? q: where is my order? you may check the status of your order at any time by viewing the order history section of my account. you will also receive e-mail updates about your order status at the address you provided during checkout. if you do not have an account you may click here to enter in your order number and zip code to check for tracking updates. if you need further assistance tracking your order please contact a customer service associate by calling 1-800-890-9601. it may take up to 1 hour for processing information to appear in your order history after you select "place order". shipment tracking information is provided in your order history when your package is checked into the carrier's system and may not be available for up to 48 hours after an order has left our warehouse. occasionally, orders are delivered via a carrier that does not offer the ability to track a package. q: can i change or cancel my order? we process orders very quickly to ensure that you receive them as soon as possible. as a result, you are unable to change or cancel your order after it is placed. once you receive your order in the mail, simply return any items you do not want by following our return instructions. q: i like the item i bought, but it is the wrong size for me. can i exchange it for a different size? yes, you may exchange your item in-store for any online order. or, enclose your item(s) and return slip in a package, indicating the reason for your return, and mail it back to us. we cannot process exchanges by mail, but you can contact a customer service associate by calling 1-800-890-9601, and we will be pleased to assist in placing a new order for the correct size. q: how do i use find in store? find in store is a tool on our website that allows customers to locate merchandise from any of our christopher & banks stores. the find in store link will be displayed on each product detail page. when clicked, it will pre-populate the original product. you will be asked to provide your choice of size, color, zip code and mile radius for the area you wish to shop. find in store can currently be used for all products with the exception of accessories and clearance items. find in store search results will display all store locations within the specified mile radius of the zip code entered. you will be able to print these search results. due to the rapid change in inventory throughout the day, we cannot guarantee availability. if the item you want is in a local store, you may visit that location and purchase it. if the item is not available in store, you can still enjoy free shipping by ordering it online. watch our quick tutorial to see how easy it is by clicking here! q: can i create a wish list? yes! creating a wish list of items you would like to have is easy and fun. you may share your list with family and friends, or you can choose to keep it to yourself. 1. first you must log in or create an account . once logged in, you can create your wish lists. you will be able to access your wish lists at any time at the bottom of the page under customer service, or in the left side menu in my account. 2. find an item you would like to add, select your size and color, and click the heart in the corner of the main image. 3. after your wish list is completed, you can share it with family and friends or just keep it to yourself for later reference. q: can i view someone else’s wish list? you can view someone else’s wish list in the following ways: 1. if you received an email notifying you a wish list has been shared with you, you can simply click on the link provided in the email to view their wish list. 2. if you have not received an email notification, you may visit this page and enter in their first and last name, or email address, to search for their wish list. you will only be able to view another person’s wish list if it has been set to be viewed publicly. q: how do i determine what the best size is for me? view our size guide  to see the sizes we offer and choose the size that matches your body measurements and fit preferences. to help you get accurate body measurements refer to the how to measure section of the size guide . q: what if i see a lower price after i buy something? price adjustments can be made within 10 days of the original purchase date on merchandise purchased at full price when the original receipt is presented. the price difference will be refunded in the original form of payment. no price adjustments will be made for merchandise originally purchased on sale, via a promotion, or using a coupon. stores do not price match special online promotions. for merchandise purchased online: to receive a one-time price adjustment for merchandise purchased online please call our online customer service at 1-800-890-9601. stores cannot process price adjustments for merchandise purchased online. for merchandise purchased in-store: to receive a price adjustment for merchandise purchased in store, please visit one of our stores. our online customer service cannot process price adjustments for merchandise purchased in store. q: how do i shop for items online? there are two ways to shop our full assortment online. you can shop by browsing the various product categories and their drop-down menus at the top of the page. or, you can search for an item you are looking for by typing the product words or style number into the "search" box. q: how do i purchase an item(s) that i want? as you browse our fashions, select any item for detailed product and pricing information. indicate your desired color and size, and select "add to bag." once you have gathered all the items you wish to purchase, select "start secure checkout" and proceed through the indicated steps. you can also place your order with a customer service associate by calling 1-800-890-9601. q: how can i place a free store pickup order? to place an order to be picked up at a christopher and banks non-outlet location, please follow these steps: on the product page select the free store pickup tab. note: you will need to select a color and size first (if applicable). some items are available for pickup as soon as today and others will be ready for pickup in 5-7 business days, this will be noted below the pickup location. select a store which is displayed based on your current location or click on "change stores" to change stores. add the item(s) to the shopping bag. you will also have the option to select “ship to home” or “free store pickup” in your shopping bag. q: i found an item, but the store doesn't have the correct size. how can i find it online? a store associate would be happy to locate the item and order it for you. if ordered in-store, it will be shipped directly to you at no cost if you live in the contiguous united states. you can also search for the item online by typing keywords into the search box at the top of the page, or looking through the various product categories to find the item you are looking for. q: how can i find a store near me? use our convenient store locator to find the location nearest you. q: what are your store hours? our store hours vary by location and season. use our store locator to find the store nearest you and their regular hours of operation. for extended holiday hours please contact the store directly by phone. q: what are your covid-19 policies? we are requiring our customers to wear masks in all of our stores. the majority of our stores already require guests to wear masks due to local and state regulations. we also require our store associates to wear masks and provide masks to them. for a limited time, if customers do not have a mask when they visit, we will provide one to them. customers are asked to practice social distancing by remaining at least 6 feet apart while shopping in store. we are limiting the number of customers in each store. this number will vary based on size of store. we ask if customers who feel ill or experiencing cold-like symptoms to not come in store but shop online. our stores will also be extending cleaning efforts to wipe down all surfaces after each use. hand sanitizer will always be available for all customers and associates. the safety of our associates, communities, and customers is our top priority and we appreciate your understanding and support. q: do you have an "outlet" store? yes, you can find a wide selection of value priced items in our outlet stores. use our store locator to find the store nearest you. q: i'm having trouble viewing pictures on the site. what can i do to fix this? our site is best viewed at a screen setting with a resolution of 800 x 600 or greater. check your screen setting to ensure it is set at this resolution or greater. more information. q: do you have a mail-order catalog i can sign up to receive? at this time, we do not have a catalog. q: where can i learn more about how to purchase and redeem gift cards? please visit our gift cards page by clicking here. learn more learn more sign-up for the latest news, exclusive offers, and special invitations to events ★ ★privacy policy sign-up ★privacy policy customer service track your order store locator gift card faq shipping returns live chat live chat (currently unavailable) size chart product articles coupons contact us give feedback accessibility policy empty manage your credit card empty apply now pay bill online credit card benefits access your account empty friendship® rewards empty sign-up friendship® rewards benefits check points balance service our company for investors affiliate program careers privacy policy calif. residents: do not sell my personal info terms of use security sitemap stay connected facebook pintrest instagram twitter youtube customer service: live chat live chat (currently unavailable) or ph: 1-800-890-9601 ©2018 christopher & banks. all rights reserved. questions? we can help! questions? we can help! back-to-top topback to top