来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201226005620/https://www.christopherandbanks.com/returnsexchange.html
================================================================================

christopher & banks | cjbanks returns and exchange limited time! free shipping: any order. no minimum. limited time: 50% off new arrivals! free pickup in-store: get your order today! 50% off (in-stores, outlets and online) 50% off offer is valid for purchases made in store, outlet and online at christopherandbanks.com and is non-transferable, not for sale or resale. offer valid on full price styles only. not valid on sale, 25% off, bogo perfect tees, bogo accessories, doorbusters, ornaments, clearance, price points, or ultimate values. not valid on gift boxing, applicable taxes or shipping charges. may be combined with friendship rewards certificates but discount will be applied before certificate. this offer is not redeemable for cash, and may not be applied to previous purchases, credit card payments or the purchase of gift cards. refunds will match the actual purchase price printed on the receipt. please consult our terms of use at christopherandbanks.com for applicable terms for redemption. free store pickup select free store pickup to pick up your online order in your favorite c&b store. if the store has it in stock you could get it as soon as today. if not, we’ll ship it to the store for free. we will keep you updated by email and let you know once your order is ready to pick up. please do not attempt to pick up your order until you hear from us. you have 5 days to pick up your order once you hear from us. free standard shipping (online only) free shipping offer is only valid online at christopherandbanks.com. free shipping valid for “standard” shipping option within the contiguous united states only. other available shipping options are at regular cost. make shopping more rewarding. sign up for friendship® rewards now! shop sign in my account account sign in my account account create account track order friendship rewards gift card balance wish list my store wichita, ks 67205 my store 20 miles 20 miles christopher & banks newmarket square 2441 n maize rd, ste 1807 wichita, ks 67205 (316) 729-0512 missy, petite, women get directions store details store hours mon: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmtue: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmwed: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmthu: closedfri: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmsat: 10:00 am - 7:00 pmsun: 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm get directions store details change search catalog search christopher & banks welcome sign in create an account close make shopping more rewarding. sign up for friendship® rewards now! missy (4-16) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders shop doorbusters! sale! all tops knit tops perfect tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests sleepwear dresses & skirts dresses skirts all bottoms jeans jean fit guide pants pant fit guide crops, shorts & skorts your perfect pants petite (4p-16p) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. whimsical wonder collection shop doorbusters! sale! all tops knit tops perfect tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests dresses & skirts all bottoms jeans jean fit guide pants pant fit guide skirts crops, shorts & skorts your perfect pants womens plus size (14w-24w) new arrivals featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders shop doorbusters! sale! all tops knit tops perfect tees sweaters blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets vests sleepwear dresses & skirts dresses skirts all bottoms jeans jean fit guide pants pant fit guide crops, shorts & skorts your perfect pants accessories all accessories holidays at home jewelry scarves & wraps socks & hosiery eyewear face masks holiday accessories ornaments outfits & collections missy 4-16 collections outfits ways to wear style gallery featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders women 14w-24w collections outfits ways to wear style gallery featured shops activewear: relaxed. restyled. easy wear. every wear. work wonders sale & outlet all sale & clearance doorbusters! sale! clearance! missy (4-16) sale & clearance doorbusters! sale! clearance! petite (4p-16p) sale & clearance doorbusters! sale! clearance! women (14w-24w) sale & clearance doorbusters! sale! clearance! outlet missy (4-16) petite (4p-16p) women (14w-24w) accessories clearance gift shop missy gift shop comfy cozy gift sets stocking stuffers home goods women gift shop comfy cozy gift sets stocking stuffers home goods petite gift shop credit card blog order status help give feedback 0 my shopping bag your bag is empty. check out what is new & noteworthy! your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. customer service returns and exchange customer service customer service menu customer service home track your order faqs shopping & order information payment shipping returns & exchanges friendship rewards faqs manage my account email shipping information return & exchanges contact us size charts & measuring guide gift cards & wishlists christopher & banks credit card friendship rewards program sign up friendship rewards benefits check point balance terms & conditions product articles plus size career clothes plus size evening wear plus size tunic tops pull over sweaters sweaters on sale women’s long sweaters women's over sized sweaters flattering dresses for plus size women long sleeve tunic tops plus size pants plus size special occasion dresses plus size women’s clothes short sleeve cardigan sweater sweaters for women tunic tops white cardigans white sweaters winter sweaters women’s black cardigan sweaters women’s black sweaters women’s brown cardigan sweaters women’s green cardigan sweaters women’s long cardigan sweaters our company company history mission and values for investors affiliate program affiliate program overview affiliate program faqs affiliate participation agreement sign up careers privacy & security secure shopping guarantee privacy policy calif. residents: do not sell my personal info terms of use cookies browser settings site map returns & exchanges q: what is your return policy for orders placed online? q: how do i return an item purchased online for a refund or exchange? q: when will i receive my refund? q: what is your return policy for item(s) bought at a non-outlet retail store? q: what is your return policy for item(s) bought at a outlet retail store? q: can i return an item purchased in a christopher & banks store to your online returns department? q: how can i place a free store pickup order? q: what is your return policy for orders placed online? we will gladly accept returns and exchanges for merchandise purchased online in its original condition within 90 days of the original purchase. gift cards purchased online are non-refundable. please read the following information regarding our return options for merchandise purchased online. in-store returns of online purchases: most items purchased online (except gift cards) may be returned to a christopher & banks non-outlet retail store within 90 days of the original purchase. they may not be returned to an outlet store. if an original receipt is presented, a refund for the amount paid for the item plus any applicable sales tax will be issued in the original form or forms of payment. shipping and gift-boxing charges are non-refundable. without a receipt, a merchandise credit will be issued for the current selling price of the returned item. see below for the policy for returns on purchases made via paypal. mailed returns of online purchases: items purchased online (except gift cards) may be returned by mail within 90 days of the original purchase. to return an item by mail, complete the return questionnaire (printed on the front side of the original packing slip) and state the return reason. we cannot process exchanges by mail, but you can contact customer service at 1-800-890-9601, and we will be pleased to assist in placing a new order for the correct size. we recommend you retain a copy of the return questionnaire for your records. if you no longer have the return questionnaire, please enclose a note explaining the reason for your return. attach the return mailing label provided with your order to mail your return. if you no longer have the return mailing label, you may mail the item to: christopher & banks returns department 350 omega parkway shepherdsville, ky 40165 returns must be sent at your cost. we recommend that you verify that the package has sufficient postage and ensure your package for the purchase price, as we are not responsible for packages lost or damaged in transit. upon receipt of your return, a refund in the amount of the cost of the item plus any applicable sales tax will be issued to the original form or forms of payment. items purchased in-store may not be returned by mail. return of items purchased online using paypal: items purchased online using paypal may be returned by mail (as described above) to receive credit to a paypal account. items purchased using paypal and returned to a non-outlet retail store with an original sales receipt or packing slip will receive a merchandise credit in the amount paid for the item plus any applicable sales tax. items purchased using paypal and returned to a non-outlet retail store without an original sales receipt or packing slip will receive a merchandise credit for the current selling price. damaged or defective items: if you receive a damaged or defective item, please call customer service at 1-800-890-9601 immediately so that we can address the problem. q: how do i return an item purchased online for a refund or exchange? a. for online orders, there are two easy ways to return or exchange your item(s). simply take your item(s) to one of our store locations or repackage and mail it back to us. please see below for detailed return instructions. return or exchange an online order to a retail store: for your convenience, you may return items bought online to your local christopher & banks store in accordance with our return & exchange policy. a) visit our store locator to find the store nearest you. b) bring your item(s), online receipt, and original tags, if available, to the store to have your return or exchange processed. return or exchange by mail: a) complete the return slip on the receipt you received in your package(s) by indicating the return reason and quantity returned. we cannot process exchanges by mail, but you can contact customer service at 1-800-890-9601, and we will be pleased to assist in placing a new order for the correct size. b) if you no longer have your receipt/return label, please enclose a note indicating the reason for the return and mail your item to the address below. if you no longer have your receipt/return label, please enclose a note indicating the reason for the return and mail your item to the address below. christopher & banks returns department 350 omega parkway shepherdsville, ky 40165 c) take your item to your local shipping facility or post office for shipment back to us. returns must be sent at your cost. we recommend you verify the package has sufficient postage and insure your package for the purchase price, as we are not responsible for packages lost or damaged in transit. d) upon receipt of your return, we will process your refund using the information you provide on the return slip in accordance with our return & exchange policy. return or exchange a store bought item to a store location: a) visit our store locator to find the store nearest you. b) bring the merchandise, your receipt and original tags, if available, to the store to have your return or exchange processed in accordance with our return & exchange policy. when will i receive my refund? a. you can expect a refund in the same form of payment originally used for purchase, within 30 days after we receive your returned product. depending on the timing of your credit card company, please allow one to two billing cycles for the credit to appear on your statement. q: what is your return policy for item(s) bought at a non-outlet retail store? a. we will gladly accept your return of merchandise in its original condition at any of our non-outlet retail stores within 90 days of the original purchase date. returns accompanied by the original receipt within 90 days of the purchase date will receive a refund for the price paid in the original form of payment. cash refunds over $75 may require a refund check from the corporate office. for purchases made by check there is a 10-day waiting period before a cash refund may be issued. credit card payments must be refunded back to the original credit card. merchandise credit or gift card purchases will be refunded for the amount of the actual purchase price and a merchandise credit will be issued. returns accompanied by a gift receipt within 90 days of the purchase date will receive a merchandise credit for the price paid. returns accompanied by the original receipt or gift receipt more than 90 days after the purchase date will be issued a merchandise credit for the current selling price. returns without a receipt will be issued a merchandise credit for the current selling price. price adjustments will be processed within 10 days of the original purchase date on merchandise purchased at full price when the original receipt is presented. the price difference will be refunded in the original form of payment. no price adjustments on sales merchandise or merchandise purchased on promotion. q: what is your return policy for item(s) bought at an outlet retail store? a. we will gladly accept your return of merchandise in its original condition at any of our outlet retail stores within 30 days of the original purchase date. returns accompanied by the original receipt within 30 days of the purchase date will receive a refund for the price paid in the original form of payment. cash refunds over $75 may require a refund check from the corporate office. for purchases made by check there is a 10-day waiting period before a cash refund may be issued. credit card payments must be refunded back to the original credit card. merchandise credit or gift card purchases will be refunded for the amount of the actual purchase price and a merchandise credit will be issued. returns accompanied by a gift receipt within 30 days of the purchase date will receive a merchandise credit for the price paid. returns accompanied by the original receipt or gift receipt more than 30 days after the purchase date will be issued a merchandise credit for the current selling price. returns without a receipt will be issued a merchandise credit for the current selling price. price adjustments will not be issued on outlet merchandise. q: can i return an item purchased in a christopher & banks store to your online returns department? while items purchased online may be returned via mail or returned to a store, items purchased at a store must be returned to one of our stores and cannot be returned via mail. visit our store locator page to find the store nearest you. q: how can i place a free store pickup order? to place an order to be picked up at a christopher and banks non-outlet location, please follow these steps: add the item(s) to the cart and start secure checkout, login for faster checkout or select guest checkout, select "free store pickup", select a store which is displayed based on your current location or click on "search stores" to change stores, enter the billing and payment information, and click "place order" learn more learn more sign-up for the latest news, exclusive offers, and special invitations to events ★ ★privacy policy sign-up ★privacy policy customer service track your order store locator gift card faq shipping returns live chat live chat (currently unavailable) size chart product articles coupons contact us give feedback accessibility policy empty manage your credit card empty apply now pay bill online credit card benefits access your account empty friendship® rewards empty sign-up friendship® rewards benefits check points balance service our company for investors affiliate program careers privacy policy calif. residents: do not sell my personal info terms of use security sitemap stay connected facebook pintrest instagram twitter youtube customer service: live chat live chat (currently unavailable) or ph: 1-800-890-9601 ©2018 christopher & banks. all rights reserved. questions? we can help! questions? we can help! back-to-top topback to top