来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151225105613/http://www.fredericks.com/security-and-privacy/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

frederick's of hollywood :: privacy policy javascript is disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website, click here for instructions. search: search my account my wishlist fredericks of hollywood holiday semi-annual sale naughty or nice gifts for her all that glitters lustrous wonderland sexy stocking stuffers gift card what's new holiday new arrivals premium ultra sexy bras view all new arrivals bras from $22 by collection biofit hollywood exxtreme cleavage hollywood heart throb evollove pleasure state white label pleasure state my fit by category push up strapless & multi-way extended sizing 32dd - 42g bra solutions panties view all new arrivals panties from $3.50 by collection boy shorts bikini g-strings thongs & tangas little black panties hollywood naughty knickers pleasure state white label pleasure state my fit lingerie view all new arrivals best sellers by collection teddies babydolls sexy satin chemises & gowns gartered lingerie bridal collection lingerie sets body stockings ultra sexy view all new arrivals by category bras lingerie bodystockings hosiery & garters hollywood naughty knickers premium ultra sexy corsets view all shapewear bra solutions waist solutions bottom solutions hosiery garter belts thigh highs stockings clearance view all by category bras panties lingerie corsets & shapewear costumes customer service customer service menu payment optionsshipping & returnsorder statusmy accountopen an accountsize and fitsize chartsbra fit guidebiofit® perfect fit guidecorset fit guidesecurity and privacyterms of useprivacy policysocial responsibility security & privacy effective date: june, 2015. frederick's of hollywood (“we”) operates the website located at www.fredericks.com (the ”website”). we recognize that you care how information about you is used and shared. we have created this privacy policy to inform you of our information collection, use and sharing practices for this website. your privacy is important to us. the frederick's of hollywood privacy policy guides how we collect, store, and use information about our customers and prospects, and it will be periodically assessed against new technologies, business practices, and our customers' changing needs. please be assured that we take your concerns about privacy seriously, and we intend to take every reasonable effort to protect it. please read this privacy policy carefully, and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. by visiting the website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in our privacy policy. when do we collect information? we may collect information about you anytime you interact with us such as when you (i) access or browse the website, (ii) order products or services through the website, (iii) communicate with us either by e-mail, over the telephone or in any other manner, (iv) elect to participate in any of our product promotions, and (v) request information about products and services. we may also collect information from you in our stores or through other marketing materials. what information do we collect? information we collect is generally of two types – personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. personally identifiable information comprises any information that can help us identify or locate an individual, including, without limitation, an individual’s name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit card number. non-personally identifiable information comprises information that does not by itself identify an individual. this information generally includes anonymous information about an individual’s use of the website that includes, among other things, information concerning date and time of visit, the pages of the website visited, path through the website, ip address, the type of browser and operating system used. what do we use your information for? any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: to personalize your experience your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs. to improve the website we continually strive to improve the website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you. to improve customer services your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer services requests and support needs. to process transactions your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. to send periodic emails the email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. if you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include new collections, company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. note: if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. how do we protect your information? we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. we offer the use of a secure server. all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. after a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. do we use cookies? yes (cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. these service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct our business and improve your experience. if you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. however, you can still place orders by contacting our customer services team. do we disclose any information to outside parties? we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating the website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. in the unlikely event of a sale of some or all of our business, frederick's of hollywood may disclose your personal information to a purchaser that agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. third party links occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on the website via links to the third party site. these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of the website and welcome any feedback about these sites. california online privacy protection act compliance because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the california online privacy protection act. we therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. as part of the california online privacy protection act, all users of the website may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'edit profile' page. under california law, customers of the website who are residents of california may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please write to us at the address shown at the bottom of this page. children’s online privacy protection act compliance we are in compliance with the requirements of coppa (children’s online privacy protection act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. as a parent or guardian you can request us to remove personal information of your child that was submitted without your consent or by misrepresenting his or her age. at your request, we will take reasonable steps to remove such information from our database. all such requests should include the same user name, password, and email address that your child submitted and should be sent to support@fredericks.com. online privacy policy only this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through the website and not to information collected offline. terms and conditions please visit the terms and conditions section of our website establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the website. integrity during the account sign-in process you can review, change or remove the information you have submitted. we aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible and encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. you may, at any time, access your information to update, modify or delete any inaccuracies by accessing your account through the website. you may also request us to remove your account information from our databases and we will try to remove as much information as possible. however, as we generally keep information related to past transactions for our records, we may not be able to completely remove your information. changes to our privacy policy we may change our policy at any time by posting a new version of it on the website. we encourage you to check the website regularly for information about revisions to this privacy policy. in the event that we change our privacy policy, such changes will affect all of the information we collect after any such change. if you object to the change to our privacy policy, then you must contact us in writing regarding your objection. contacting us if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. frederick's of hollywood online store attn: privacy policy 946 w. 17th street costa mesa, ca 92627 usa 949-336-1416 support@fredericks.com customer servicecontact usorder statusshipping & returnspayment optionssize and fitgift cards follow us instagram facebook twitter pinterest sign up for emails join copyright © 2015 fredericks of hollywood. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy social responsibility close email address please enter a valid email address. postal/zip code please enter a zip code.