来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231102802/https://www.fredericks.com/security-and-privacy
================================================================================

security and privacy | frederick's of hollywood you are logged in as log out verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email spring fling? shop 40% off sitewide free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over sign in to frederick's of hollywood create a frederick's of hollywood account forgot my password expired/invalid password recovery code password reset link sent to [[formerror]] forgot password? sign up? log in with facebook or subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. we will not share your personal information. secure sign in i don't have an account yet, sign up ► forgot password ► sign up with facebook or subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. we will not share your personal information. sign up i already have an account ► forgot password ► welcome! an account confirmation email has been sent to please click the link in your confirmation email to track or modify your orders. to resend the confirmation email, click here. you are logged in as continue log out [[formerror]] log in with facebook email password reset link sign up for an account ► log in ► didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ► thanks for visiting. see you again soon! change your password your password change is saved current password new password save changes login / register wholesaler / [[currentuser.purchasingchannel.name | lowercase]] / wholesale (pending) / ▼ login / register in credit orders settings logout [[initcartdropdowndelay()]] 0 items proceed to checkout × qty: [[item.quantity]] [[key]]: [[attr.value]] you are logged in as log out verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email spring fling? shop 40% off sitewide free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over you are logged in as log out verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email spring fling? shop 40% off sitewide free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over you are logged in as log out verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email spring fling? shop 40% off sitewide free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over you are logged in as log out verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email spring fling? shop 40% off sitewide free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over free ground shipping on all orders $75 and over home what's new shop all shop what's hot shop all new arrivals spring collection pleasure state all new lingerie all new bras all new panties all new ultra sexy all new plus size lingerie shop all shop what's hot shop all all new lingerie best selling lingerie the stephanie collection bodystockings role play bridal lingerie seductive satin by style shop all teddies & bodysuits chemises & gowns babydolls corsets & waist cinchers pajamas & sleepwear robes lingerie sets gartered lingerie bras shop all shop what's hot shop all all new bras best selling bras the jessica collection hollywood exxtreme cleavage hollywood heart throb pleasure state bras by style shop all push up bras & plunge bras full figure bras 32dd - 42f demi bras & balconettes naughty bras & shelf bras bralettes strapless bras & multi-way bras bra sets panties shop all shop what's hot shop all all new panties best selling panties pleasure state panties by style shop all thongs & tangas g-strings boy shorts & cheekies bikinis & briefs hollywood naughty knickers plus size shop all shop what's hot shop all all new plus size best selling plus size lingerie bridal plus size lingerie by style shop all plus size lingerie plus size corsets plus size bras plus size panties plus size hosiery and garter belts ultra sexy shop all shop what's hot shop all all new ultra sexy best selling ultra sexy premium ultra sexy bodystockings role play by style shop all lingerie bras hollywood naughty knickers swimwear accessories shop all shop what's hot shop all all new accessories wardrobe essentials by style shop all hosiery & garter belts pantyhose & stockings clearance shop all final clearance shop all clearance bras clearance panties clearance lingerie clearance ultra sexy clearance swimwear clearance accessories account login / register orders settings logout shop what's new shop all shop what's hot shop all new arrivals spring collection pleasure state all new lingerie all new bras all new panties all new ultra sexy all new plus size lingerie shop all shop what's hot shop all all new lingerie best selling lingerie the stephanie collection bodystockings role play bridal lingerie seductive satin by style shop all teddies & bodysuits chemises & gowns babydolls corsets & waist cinchers pajamas & sleepwear robes lingerie sets gartered lingerie bras shop all shop what's hot shop all all new bras best selling bras the jessica collection hollywood exxtreme cleavage hollywood heart throb pleasure state bras by style shop all push up bras & plunge bras full figure bras 32dd - 42f demi bras & balconettes naughty bras & shelf bras bralettes strapless bras & multi-way bras bra sets panties shop all shop what's hot shop all all new panties best selling panties pleasure state panties by style shop all thongs & tangas g-strings boy shorts & cheekies bikinis & briefs hollywood naughty knickers plus size shop all shop what's hot shop all all new plus size best selling plus size lingerie bridal plus size lingerie by style shop all plus size lingerie plus size corsets plus size bras plus size panties plus size hosiery and garter belts ultra sexy shop all shop what's hot shop all all new ultra sexy best selling ultra sexy premium ultra sexy bodystockings role play by style shop all lingerie bras hollywood naughty knickers swimwear accessories shop all shop what's hot shop all all new accessories wardrobe essentials by style shop all hosiery & garter belts pantyhose & stockings clearance shop all final clearance shop all clearance bras clearance panties clearance lingerie clearance ultra sexy clearance swimwear clearance accessories login / register wholesaler / [[currentuser.purchasingchannel.name | lowercase]] / wholesale (pending) / ▼ login / register in credit orders settings logout [[initcartdropdowndelay()]] 0 items proceed to checkout × qty: [[item.quantity]] [[key]]: [[attr.value]] checkout [[getnewitem().name]] added to bag security & privacy customer service order status returns shipping & delivery size & fit corset fit guide bra fit guide my perfect fit guide security and privacy terms of use privacy policy social responsibility accessibility terms of usefrederick’s of hollywood online store (“we”) operates the website located at www.fredericks.com (the ”website”). we recognize that you care how information about you is used and shared. we have created this privacy policy to inform you of our information collection, use and sharing practices for this website.please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website. your use of this website confirms your unconditional acceptance of the following terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, please do not use this website.products, content and specificationsall features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on this website are subject to change at any time without notice. certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. we make all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of our products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. the inclusion of any products or services in this website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. it is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regards to the possession, use and sale of any item purchased from this website. by placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner.shipping limitationswhen an order is placed, it will be shipped to an address designated by the purchaser as long as that shipping address is compliant with the shipping restrictions contained on this website. all purchases from this website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. as a result, risk of loss and title for items purchased from this website pass to you upon delivery of the items to the carrier. you are responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments.the web sites are provided by frederick’s on an “as is” and “as available” basis. frederick’s makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the web sites, or the information, content, materials or products, included on the web sites. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, frederick’s disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. no oral advice or written information given by frederick’s or its affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, providers, or the like, shall create a warranty; nor shall user rely on any such information or advice.under no circumstances shall frederick’s or any other party involved in creating, producing, or distributing the web sites be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the web sites, including but not limited to, a user’s reliance on any information obtained from the web sites or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to frederick’s records, programs, or services. user hereby acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and services available through the web sites. because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.accuracy of informationwe attempt to ensure that information on this website is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, the information on this website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on this website. for example, products included on the website may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on the website. in addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. we will correct any pricing errors on the website as and when discovered. the website contains a large number of products and services and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products or services listed on the website may be incorrectly priced. we will normally verify prices as part of our shipping procedures so that, where the correct price is less than our stated price; we will charge the lower amount when shipping the products to you. if the correct price is higher than the price stated on the website, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping the product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection. we shall not provide the products to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you an order confirmation or a shipping confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognized by you as a pricing error.placing an order; acceptanceplease follow the instructions on the website to place you orders. your order constitutes an offer to us to buy the products and services. after receiving an order, we will send you an e-mail acknowledging that we have received your order (“order confirmation”). while it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. all orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email confirming the shipment of your order (the “shipping confirmation”). a contract with us will be formed only when you receive the shipping confirmation. the contract will relate only to those products and services whose shipment we have confirmed in the shipping confirmation. we will not be obliged to supply any other products or services which may have been part of your order in the same or a separate order confirmation. we reserve the right to cancel your order at any time before we have accepted it and we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order where there has been an obvious error in price or where the products or services are no longer in our inventory. we also reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. we may also require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order.use of websitethe website design and all text, graphics, information, content, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from this website, including but not limited to text, data, wallpaper, icons, characters, artwork, images, photographs, graphics, music, sound, messages, software and the html used to generate the pages, are either the property of, or used with permission by, frederick’s of hollywood operating company, llc (“frederick’s of hollywood”) and are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws and may not be used except as permitted in these terms and conditions or with the prior written permission of the owner of such material. you may not modify the information or materials located on this website in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such materials for any public or commercial purpose. any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password and for restricting access to such information and to your computer. you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.trademarks and copyrightscertain trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos used or displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of us and our affiliates. other trademarks, trade names and service marks used or displayed on this website are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of their respective owners. nothing contained on this website grants or should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos displayed on this website without our written permission or the written permission of such third party owner.the website contains copyrighted material, including, without limitation, text, software, photos, audio and video clips, graphics, illustrations, images, logos, and music and sound. this website is protected by u.s. copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. third party content providers also own (or have the right to use) copyrights in the content original to them.linking to this websitecreating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on this website without our prior written permission is prohibited. running or displaying this website or any material displayed on this website in frames or through similar means on another website without our prior written permission is prohibited. any permitted links to this website must comply with all applicable laws, rule and regulations.third party linksfrom time to time, this website may contain links to websites that are not owned, operated or controlled by us or our affiliates. all such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. if you use these links, you will leave this website. neither we nor any of our affiliates are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other website. neither we nor any of our affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other website, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from such websites, or the results that you may obtain from using such websites. if you decide to access any other website linked to or from this website, you do so entirely at your own risk.sweepstakes and contestsfrom time to time, we may offer and/or co-sponsor contests, sweepstakes, and games on the website. each of these activities shall be governed by specific rules accessible from the pages of the website offering the promotion.submissions; site conductfrom time to time, you may have the opportunity to post, transmit or otherwise make available information, opinions, ideas, images or other content on the website.by posting, transmitting or sending us any material or content, you agree to grant to us an irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual, sub-licensable, assignable, non-exclusive right and license throughout the world to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, digitally perform, publicly perform and display the material or content and/or incorporate the material or content in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without either (i) compensation to you or (ii) your prior approval.by submitting or sending content or material to the website you also represent and warrant that (i) the content and material is original to you, (ii) no other party has any rights to the content or material, (iii) the content and material is not subject to any obligation of confidentiality, attribution or otherwise and that we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of the content or material and (iv) any so-called "moral rights" associated with the content or material have been waived.you may not post or transmit or send to us any material or content that (i) violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others or which is otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, derogatory, obscene, bigoted or hateful; (ii) contains viruses, worms, time bombs, trojan horses, or other harmful or disruptive components; (iii) is or could be construed to be spam mail or any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the website or its contents. in addition, you may not engage in any activity on the website that restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the website by means of "hacking," "cracking," "spoofing," or defacing any portion of the website.we shall have the right in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post or to remove any material submitted to or posted on the website that we find to be in violation of these terms and conditions or that we otherwise find objectionable or inappropriate for any reason in our sole discretion.you shall be solely responsible and liable for any and all damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from any uploading, posting or submission of your content on the website.copyright policyif you believe that your rights under intellectual property laws are being violated by any content or materials posted on or transmitted through the website, or any products advertised on the website (“website content”), please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending content and/or advertisements. it is our policy to comply with the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”), by disabling access to infringing materials, and terminating access of repeat infringers to the website.copyright notice. copyright owners or any agents thereof who believe that any website content infringes upon their copyrights may submit a notification pursuant to the dmca by providing our copyright agent with the following information in writing ( see 17 u.s.c 512(c)(3) for further detail):a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; anda statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.such written notice should be sent to our designated agent as follows:frederick’s of hollywood online storeattn: copyright agent 180 madison ave ste 501new york, ny 10016usaplease also note that under section 512(f) any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.counter-notification. if you elect to send us a counter notice, to be effective it must be a written communication provided to our designated agent that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see 17 u.s.c. section 512(g)(3) to confirm these requirements):a physical or electronic signature of the subscriber.identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.a statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.the subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of federal district court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the united states, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(c) or an agent of such person.gift certificatesgift certificates can only be redeemed via purchases made on the website, and are not redeemable for cash. any unused balance will be placed in the recipient’s gift certificate account and is not transferable. if your order exceeds the amount of your gift certificate, you must pay for the balance with a credit card. we are not responsible for lost or stolen gift certificates. we make no warranties, express or implied, with respect to gift certificates, including without limitation, any express or implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. in the event a gift certificate code is non-functional, your sole remedy, and our sole liability, shall be the replacement of such gift certificate. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.user informationother than personally identifiable information, which is subject to this website’s privacy policy, any material, information, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, questions, comments or other communication you transmit or post to this website in any manner ("user communications") is and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. we, each of our affiliates and/or our designees may use any or all user communications for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing and/or marketing in any manner whatsoever for any or all commercial or non-commercial purposes. we may, but are not obligated to, monitor or review any user communications. we shall have no obligation to use, return, review, or respond to any user communications. we will have no liability related to the content of any such user communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. we retain the right to remove any or all user communications that includes any material we deem inappropriate or unacceptable.disclaimersyour use of this website is at your risk. the materials and services provided in connection with this website are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. neither we nor any of our affiliates warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials or services on or through this website. the materials and services on or through this website may be out of date, and neither we nor any of their affiliates make any commitment or assumes any duty to update such materials or services. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions.all products and services purchased on or through this website are subject only to any applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, we hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased on or through this website. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation. we make no warranties to those defined as "consumers" in the magnuson-moss warranty-federal trade commission improvements act. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions.limitations of liabilitywe assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this website or your downloading of any materials, from this website. in no event will we, our respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, parent corporations, agents, successors, assigns, retail partners nor any party involved in the creation, production or transmission of this website be liable to any party for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this website, any websites linked to this website, or the materials, information or services contained at any or all such websites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitations of liability do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions.in the event of any problem with this website or any content, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using this website. in the event of any problem with the products or services that you have purchased on or through this website, you agree that your sole remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer’s or supplier’s warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and refunds policies posted on this website.revisions to these terms and conditionswe may revise these terms and conditions at any time and from time to time by updating this posting. you should visit this page from time to time to review the current terms and conditions because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this website.miscellaneousto the fullest extent permitted by law, these terms and conditions and any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions, including but not limited to the website, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without regard to its choice of law principles. except as otherwise prohibited by law, any claim or dispute must be brought within one (1) year from the date the cause of action arises. any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions, including but not limited to the website, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and/or federal courts located in orange county, in the state of california and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. you may not use or export or re-export the materials at the website or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation united states export laws and regulations. if any provision of these terms and conditions is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, such offending provision will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. these terms and conditions, together with the privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and frederick’s of hollywood relating to your use of the website, superseding any other agreement between you and frederick’s of hollywood with respect to the subject matter of these terms and conditions. section headings in these terms and conditions are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. if any provision of these terms and conditions shall be found to be unenforceable, the other provisions shall still remain in full force and effect. a printed version of these terms and conditions shall be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms and conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.terminationyou or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this website at any time, for any reason or for no reason. you are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of this website at any time without notice.additional assistanceif you do not understand any of the foregoing terms and conditions or if you have any questions or comments, we invite you to email us at support@fredericks.com.acknowledgementthese terms and conditions of use represent the entire understanding between user and frederick’s regarding user’s relationship with the web sites and supersedes any prior statements or representations. user agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions of use by using the web sites. frederick’s may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the web sites, including the availability of any features of the web sites, at any time and without notice. frederick’s also reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms in whole or in part, at any time and without notice. frederick’s may terminate the authorization, rights and license given above at any time and without notice. user’s continued use of the web sites after any changes to these terms are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.updated: august 2016 copyright © frederick's of hollywood 2015 stay connected ► get on the list ► *we'll send you offers and alerts on new products! company contact us size & fit college discount affiliates sitemap faqs service shipping & delivery customer service order status reviews returns gift cards legal terms of use privacy policy social responsibility accessibility copyright © 2020 frederick's of hollywood. all rights reserved.