来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201223033132/https://www.fredericks.com/returns/
================================================================================

returns | frederick's of hollywood javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. shop super sexy accessories need help? my account email us size & fit orders status shipping and delivery returns faq's email us live chat faq's hi, my dashboard my orders my wishlist my details my preferences my addresses my returns store credit logout / please wait... login email address password i forgot? sign in don’t have an account? create an account $20 offyour next order when you sign up to vip perkswe've given our website a sexy new update. click 'create an account' to register your new password. create an account first name last name email address create password receive emails on promotions and exclusive deals create an account $20 offyour next order when you sign up to vip perkswe've given our website a sexy new update. click 'create an account' to register your new password. already have an account? return to login please enter your email address below to receive a password reset link. email submit toggle nav search search search advanced search my cart menu newshop what's hotbest sellersfall collectionnew arrivalspleasure stateshop all shop what's hotby categoryall new lingerieall new brasall new pantiesall new ultra sexyall new plus sizeshop all by categorylingerieshop what's hotall new lingeriebest-selling lingerieanniversary lingeriebirthday lingeriedate night lingeriethe stephanie collectionthe jessica collectionrole play lingeriebridal lingerieseductive satinluxurious lacefor the streetsshop all shop what's hotby stylebabydollscorsetsteddieschemisesbodysuitslingerie setspajamas & sleepwearnightgownsrobes & kimonosgartered lingerieerotic lingeriebodystockingsshop all by stylebrasshop what's hot$17 brasall new brasbest-selling brashollywood exxtreme cleavagehollywood heart throbpleasure state brasshop all shop what's hotby stylepush-up brasplunge brasfull figure bras 32dd-42funderwire brasdemi bras & balconettesshelf brasbralettesstrapless brasopen cup brasbra setsshop all by stylepantiesshop what's hot7 for $20 pantiesall new pantiesbest-selling pantieshollywood naughty knickerspleasure state pantiesshop all shop what's hotby stylebriefsbikinisthongs & tangasg-stringscrotchless pantiesboy shorts & cheekiesshop all by styleplus sizeshop what's hotall new plus sizebest-selling plus sizebridal plus size lingerieshop all shop what's hotby styleplus size lingerieplus size brasplus size pantiesshop all by styleultra sexyshop what's hotall new ultra sexybest-selling ultra sexypremium ultra sexybodystockingsrole play lingerieshop all shop what's hotby stylelingeriebrascrotchless pantiesshop all by styleshapewearmensaccessoriesshop what's hotall new accessorieswardrobe essentialsshop all shop what's hotby stylehosiery & garter beltspantyhose & stockingsshop all by stylesalefinal clearanceclearance brasclearance pantiesclearance lingerieclearance plus size lingerieclearance ultra sexyclearance swimwearclearance accessoriesshop all final clearancegiftsnaughty listgifts for $15nice listgifts for $20green with envygifts for $25red hotgifts for $10 help my account email us live chat size & fit orders status shipping and delivery returns faq's accessibility account become a vipfree delivery on orders over $75like us on the gramtext 'sexy' to 7060090 day returnsrated 5 starsbecome a vip - exclusive offers just for youfree delivery on orders over $75easy returns - 90 day return policylike us on the gramtext 'sexy' to 70600 for 20% off your orderrated 5 stars - read our reviews home returns returns covid-19 updatedue to the ongoing global health crisis, all carriers are experiencing delays across their delivery networks due to increased demand. this applies to order returns, and the speed at which your return is delivered back to us. if your order return is showing as delivered, but you have not received your refund after 10 business days, please contact our customer support team.we have updated our website!if you placed an order on or before 11/5/2020 and your order number is 14200000 or lower, please follow the below instructions to return item/s from an order .return informationfor orders placed before 11/5/2020 - orders numbered 14200000 or lowerif you have the pre-paid return label that came with your order please follow the below instructions to make a return. if you do not have a pre-paid label then please see 'i don't have a return label'.i have a pre-paid return label:1. prepare: please make sure the items you wish to return are included in their original packaging and with all their tags intact2. affix your pre-paid return label to the outside of your package and seal3. take a photo of the return label, and note down the number underneath the large barcode. this is your proof of return and can be used to track your return shipment status with usps4. ship it: drop off your return to your nearest ups or usps drop off center. transit will typically take 7 - 15 business days to deliver to our warehouse depending on your location5. once your return is received your refund or store credit will be processed, and you will receive an email from us confirming the completion of your returni don't have a return label:if you do not have a pre-paid return label then please contact our customer service team here. please select 'questions about your return' as the topic from the dropdown.1. in the email please state your order number, and the items you wish to return2. we will then respond to you and provide you with a pre-paid return label3. please then follow steps 1 through 4 abovecan i return my order and pay for my own shipping?of course you can. if you wish to pay for your own shipping and choose not to use our provided pre-paid return label we ask that you email us with your shipping tracking number, order number, and a list of the item/s you are returning. please include a note inside your return with your order number, or a printed copy of your order confirmation email. if we receive your order number back to our warehouse without the order number this will significantly slow down the speed at which your return is processed.if you are organizing your own shipping then please ship your return to:frederick’s of hollywood returns℅ one world direct1135 auto center driveontario, ca 91761important things to note:*all sales on clearance items are final, and returns will not be accepted on any clearance items*if using our pre-paid label to return your order, a $5.95 returns fee will be deducted from the return value*original shipping fees are non-refundablefor orders placed after 11/5/2020 - orders numbered 15000000 or greaterto return an item/s from an order please follow the below instructions. please note all orders are shipped with a pre-paid return label. if you no longer have your pre-paid return label please see 'i don't have a return label'.if you created an account at the time of checkout, or have an exisiting account, then to create a return please login to your account here.once logged in please follow the below instructions.if you did not create an account then please see 'i don't have an account'.i have an account:1. on the my orders page you will see all of your orders. click on the order you would like to create a return for, and then click return2. complete all of the information on the order return page. if you are returning more than 1 item from an order click on the add another item to return + button to add another item to the return3. once complete click on submit. you will receive a conformation email confirming your return request has been received4. prepare: please make sure the items you have created a return for are included in their original packaging and with all their tags intact5. affix your pre-paid return label to the outside of your package and seal6. take a photo of the return label, and note down the number underneath the large barcode. this is your proof of return and can be used to track your return shipment status with usps7. ship it: drop off your return to your nearest ups or usps drop off center. transit will typically take 7 - 15 business days to deliver to our warehouse depending on your location8. once your return is received and your refund or store credit will be processed, and you will receive an email from us confirming the completion of your returni don't have an account:if you do not have an account then please follow the below steps to create a guest return.1. click here to be directed to our guest returns page2. please enter all the required information and click continue and you will be directed to your order page3. on your order page you will see your order. click return to begin the return process4. complete all of the information on the order return page. if you are returning more than 1 item from an order click on the add another item to return + button to add another item to the return5. once complete click on submit. you will receive a conformation email confirming your return request has been received6. please then follow steps 4 through 8 abovei don't have a return label:if you no longer have the pre-paid return label that came with your order then please contact our customer service team here. please select 'questions about your return' as the topic from the dropdown.1. in the email please state your order number, and the items you wish to return2. we will then respond to you and provide you with a pre-paid return label3. follow then steps above for i have an account or i don't have an account depending on how you checked out at the time of your ordercan i return my order and pay for my own shipping?of course you can. if you wish to pay for your own shipping and choose not to use our provided pre-paid return label we ask that you email us with your shipping tracking number, order number. please then follow the above steps for i have an account or i don't have an account and include a note inside your return with your order number, or a printed copy of your order confirmation email. if we receive your order number back to our warehouse without the order number this will significantly slow down the speed at which your return is processed.if you are organizing your own shipping then please ship your return to:frederick’s of hollywood returns℅ one world direct1135 auto center driveontario, ca 91761important things to note:*all sales on clearance items are final, and returns will not be accepted on any clearance items*if using our pre-paid label to return your order, a $5.95 returns fee will be deducted from the return value*original shipping fees are non-refundablecanada ordersplease note that for all canadian orders you will be responsible for any return shipping charges and customs requirements.please send all items in new and unworn condition with all original tags attached, accessories included, and original packaging to the following address.frederick’s of hollywood returns℅ one world direct1135 auto center driveontario, ca 91761what is your return policy?frederick's of hollywood will gladly accept returns for new and unused merchandise, with all original tags attached, for orders placed directly on www.fredericks.com. frederick’s of hollywood will accept returns that are received back to our warehouse within 90 days from delivery date for a refund or store credit.returns received between 0 and 60 days from delivery date will automatically receive a refund. if using our pre-paid label to return your order, a $5.95 returns fee will be deducted from the return value. original shipping fees are non-refundable.returns received after 60 days from delivery date will automatically receive store credit. if using our pre-paid label to return your order, a $5.95 returns fee will be deducted from the return value. original shipping fees are non-refundable. if you have received a store credit, but would like a refund, please contact support@fredericks.com quoting your order number, and stating that you would like to receive a refund.returns received after 90 days from delivery date will not be accepted, with the exception of returns that are in transit within the 90 day return period.please note, all sales on clearance items are final. if an item in your order is a clearance item, the product name will be marked with the words ‘final clearance’ or 'clearance'. returns will not be accepted on any items marked clearance.in the event of a return of items purchased in connection with a multiple-buy discount (for example, “buy one get one free”) in order to receive a refund for the purchased item, the purchased item plus the free item must be returned. if you choose to keep the free item, the value of the free item will be deducted from your refund. refunds will not be issued for items purchased for $0.00.how will my return be processed?we ask for your patience as processing your return may take up to 14 days following receipt to our warehouse. you will be notified via email once your return has been completed.refunds can take up to 24 hours to 14 business days to reach back to your financial institution. store credit can be seen by logging directly onto your account.what happens if my shipment is refused or cannot be delivered?shipped items that are either refused by the customer or cannot be delivered by the carrier, will be returned to frederick's of hollywood. the customer will be credited for the product cost and tax, less shipping and handling. customer will be required to place a new order and will be responsible for any associated shipping charges.can i exchange my purchase for a different size or product?at this time we are able to process returns as refunds and/or store credits only, and we cannot process exchanges.you may return your order for a refund or store credit based on our return policy as outlined in the above section 'what is your return policy'.once your return has been processed you may place a new order for the style, color and size of your choice. if you received store credit for your return, your store credit amount will show in your customer profile attached to the email address you used to place your original order need assistance? we are here to help! please contact us from of the below method's. or checkout or knowledge base here for common faq's. email us live chat shop what's new lingerie bras panties plus size ultra sexy shapewear accessories babydolls teddies corsets full figure bras crotchless panties clearance quick links gift cards reviews quadpay afterpay affiliates social responsibility help my account order status shipping & delivery size & fit returns email us live chat faq's follow us terms of use privacy policy accessibility shop frederick's of hollywood online, sexy lingerie, bras and plus size. frederick’s of hollywood is an iconic, innovative and irresistible lingerie brand that was founded in 1947 by the inventor of the original push-up bra, frederick mellinger. the brand’s early days began with a booming clientele of glamorous stars and brand ambassadors such as marilyn monroe, madonna, and most recently an exclusive collaboration with megan fox, giving frederick’s the reputation as a go-to supplier of special occasion and sexy lingerie. today the frederick’s lingerie legacy lives on exclusively at fredericks.com, through a vast and vibrant product collection of teddies, corsets, babydolls, full figure bras, push-up bras, panties, bodysuits, plus size lingerie and so much more. the frederick’s of hollywood lingerie collection prides it self on being for ‘every body’! with an ever expanding range of plus size and full-figure lingerie, a new shapewear collection, and a super-sexy assortment of halloween costumes, making it the go to place for sexy lingerie. proceed to cart continue shopping