来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221230011019/https://www.fredericks.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | frederick's of hollywood take 30% off all full priced bras and panties | code take30 extra 40% off sale & clearance | priced as marked free shipping on orders $75+ login / register login / register email address password i forgot? reset your password we will send you an email to reset your password. email cancel create an account create an account first name last name email address create password receive emails on promotions and exclusive deals return to login / register us united states usd $ ca canada cad $ us united states usd $ the holiday edit new new all new bras all new panties all new lingerie all new plus size all new accessories shop all by category best sellers best sellers best selling bras best-selling panties best-selling lingerie bras bras push up bras plunge bras full figure bras 32d-42f underwire bras demi bras & balconettes shelf bras bralettes strapless bras bra & panty sets shop all by style featured hollywood exxtreme cleavage hollywood heartthrob panties panties bra & panty sets hipsters thongs & tangas g-strings crotchless panties boyshorts & cheekies shop all by style lingerie lingerie babydolls corsets teddies chemises lingerie sets gartered lingerie bodystockings shop all by style featured holiday edit bridal lingerie ultra sexy the jessica collection seductive satin luxurious lace plus size plus size plus size bras plus size panties plus size lingerie shop all by style sleepwear sleepwear pajamas & sleepwear robes nightgowns shop all sleepwear accessories accessories hosiery & garter belts shapewear pasties personal massagers ultucup shop all by style sale sale new to sale sale bras sale panties sale lingerie sale plus size lingerie sale accessories clearance | final sale show and tell the holiday edit new new all new bras all new panties all new lingerie all new plus size all new accessories shop all by category best sellers best sellers best-selling bras best-selling panties best-selling lingerie bras by style push-up bras plunge bras full figure bras 32d-42f underwire bras demi bras & balconettes shelf bras bralettes strapless bras bra & panty sets shop all by style featured hollywood exxtreme cleavage hollywood heartthrob panties panties bra & panty sets hipsters thongs & tangas g-strings crotchless panties boyshorts & cheekies shop all by style lingerie lingerie babydolls corsets teddies chemises lingerie sets gartered lingerie bodystockings shop all by style featured holiday edit bridal lingerie ultra sexy the jessica collection seductive satin luxurious lace plus size plus size plus size bras plus size panties plus size lingerie shop all by style sleepwear sleepwear pajamas & sleepwear robes nightgowns shop all sleepwear accessories accessories hosiery & garter belts shapewear pasties personal massagers ultucup shop all by style sale sale new to sale sale bras sale panties sale lingerie sale plus size lingerie sale accessories clearance | final sale show and tell help my account email us live chat size & fit orders status shipping and delivery returns faq's accessibility home / privacy policy my account. terms of use order status need assistance? we are here to help! please contact us by one of the below method's, or checkout our knowledge base here for common faq's. home / privacy policy privacy policy privacy policy please read this privacy policy carefully. your use of the website signifies your agreement to be bound by these terms. privacy & security at fredericks we recognize and respect your privacy when you use our website or any of our mobile applications. our privacy policy describes how we collect, use and may share the information we collect on our websites and mobile apps (collectively "shopfredericks.com"). to demonstrate our commitment, we have developed the privacy policy outlined below. if you have any questions about this policy, or the content or practices of our website, we encourage you to contact us. collection of personal information & use when you visit fredericks.com, with the help of our third-party authorized agents, we collect information (such as your mobile device unique identification number, ip address, domain name, browser type, broad geographical information, site-navigation pattern, etc.) to improve our website and to refine our marketing campaigns and promotions. if you log into your shop fredericks.com account from different devices, we will include your device identification to your account automatically so that you can move easily from your computer to your mobile device. we do not gather any personally identifying information about you when you visit this site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. we collect certain personally identifiable information when you sign in to the fredericks website; create an account for online shopping; participate in a contest, promotion or survey; or request other services that require information, registration or subscription. we collect certain personally identifiable information as “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household”) when you sign in to the website; create an account for online shopping; register with fredericks; participate in a contest, promotion or survey; or request other services that require information, registration or subscription. this information may include your name, billing address, phone number, email address, credit card number and expiration date, a user name and password, your birth date, your driver's license number and state of issuance to verify your identity, and any other information you voluntarily provide. we also keep a record of your product interests and purchases online and in our stores, and automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser (including your ip address, fredericks cookie information and the page you requested). we may collect location information from our mobile app users, if you permit it. you can control making geolocation information available to us by visiting your mobile device's settings for the application. when you install our apps on a mobile device, you can choose to receive push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device, even when the app is not active. you can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device's "settings page" for external applications. we may use your information according to the privacy policy and terms of use in effect at the time of use. the provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to this site. we may use aggregated data (independent of any personal identifiers) for research and commercial purposes. this information includes what areas our users visit most frequently and what services they access most often. this information helps us develop a better site that is more useful and accessible to you. we may use your personally identifiable information internally for our general commercial purposes including, among other things, to offer our own, our affiliates' or third-party products and services that we think you may find of interest. we may use your email address to contact you to respond to your inquiries, provide updates or newsletters, or to provide information on products or services to you. we may use your information according to the privacy notice and terms of use in effect at the time of use. the provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to the website. we may use aggregated data (independent of any personal identifiers) for research and commercial purposes. this information includes what areas our users visit most frequently and what services they access most often. this information helps us develop a better site that is more useful and accessible to you. we may use your personally identifiable information. to process your payment and facilitate delivery. we may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. to create and secure your account with us. to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud. to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. to send you newsletters, or to provide information on products or services to you. you can elect not to receive promotional emails from us either by “unsubscribing” to an email you receive or by contacting us as indicated below. disclosing your information fredericks may share aggregate site and demographic information (such as age, gender, types of products or services purchased and fredericks.com navigation, usage and page view). such information does not identify any individual person and allows us to provide a more enjoyable online shopping experience. fredericks may reveal personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated third parties: (1) if you request or authorize it; (2) if the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) if the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our terms of use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) if the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, etc.); or (6) as otherwise described in this privacy policy. we do not sell your personal information that is collected under this privacy notice. to the extent we sell any personal information that falls outside the scope of this privacy notice, we will disclose our selling practices in the applicable privacy notices linked below. links to third party sites please be aware that our site may contain links to other sites hosted by third parties. fredericks does not control and is thus not responsible for the content or privacy practices and policies of such other sites. how you can access, change or delete your information you may, at any time, access and update or remove your personal information by contacting client services via email or by clicking on contact us on fredericks.com. you may access and update your account information by logging into the my account page. in addition, if you prefer not to receive information from us through email, you may opt out of receiving fredericks emails by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any fredericks email that you have received. if you prefer not to receive information from us through regular mail (for example, catalogs and direct mail promotions), please send us an email via the help tab at the bottom left of each page. please note that it may take up to 3 weeks for your request to become effective. thereafter, when you make purchases, we may still send you an email confirmation and may need to contact you by phone, email or regular mail if we have other questions regarding your order. if for any reason you continue to receive email or regular mail from fredericks after following the steps above, please contact client services immediately and we'll be happy to assist you. security of your information our goal is to provide you with a safe and convenient online shopping experience. we use reasonable technical, administrative and physical measures to protect information contained in our system against misuse, loss or alteration. when placing an order online, your information is transmitted using secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to protect the information being transferred to us. to check the security of your connection, view the lower corner of your browser window as you place your order. if you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then ssl is active and the server is secure. you can also double-check by looking at the url line of your browser. when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." information that you provide to us is not secured during transmission unless the url address contains "https". we are not responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any non-public information that you provide us. any information you prove in the course of reviews or ratings is publicly available. information that you provide us by email is not encrypted. no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. you also play a role in protecting your information. please safeguard your user name and password and do not share them with others. if we receive instructions using your log-in information we will consider that you have authorized the instructions. cookies to enhance your shopping experience at fredericks.com, we and our third-party authorized agents use cookies, small data files that we store on your computer's hard drive or web beacons (electronic images that allow us to count users who have accessed particular content and to access certain cookies) to collect aggregate data. you can find more information about cookies and how they work here http://www.aboutcookies.org. some cookies we use are necessary to enable you to navigate the website and use features such as registering or creating and logging in your account. we also use cookies to gather and record information about choices you make on the website and to allow us to tailor to our visitors. they simply enable us to keep track of your shopping experience and your order as you shop our site. the cookies we may use on our site include: necessary cookies: these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our system. these cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you which include a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences or logging into your account. analytic cookies: these cookies allow us to visit and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of the website. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website. these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. they may be used by those companies to build a profile or your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. session cookies: these temporary cookies expire and are automatically erased whenever you close your browser window. we use session cookies to grant our users access to content and to enable actions they must be logged in to do. for example, fredericks.com uses session cookies in order to save your shopping bag information so that you can browse from page to page without losing that information. when shopping fredericks.com, we recommend you use a cookie-enabled browser in order to avoid having to constantly reenter information. persistent cookies: these usually have an expiration date in the distant future and remain in your browser until they expire or you manually delete them. we use persistent cookies to better understand usage patterns so we can improve the site for our customers. for example, we may use a persistent cookie to associate you with your user account or to remember your choices on the site, but this only works when cookies on our site are enabled. cookies also enable us to monitor and maintain information about your use of our site. the information we retrieve assists us with tracking your order, improving our site design, products, services, contests, promotions and overall shopping experience. third party cookies: we permit limited third parties to place cookies through the site to provide us with better insights into the use of the site or user demographics or to provide relevant advertising to you. these third parties may collect information about a consumer's online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses our website. for example, we may utilize google analytics to analyze usage patterns of the site. google analytics generates a cookie to capture information about your use of the site which google uses to compile reports on website activity for us and to provide other related services. google may use a portion of your ip address to identify their cookie, but this may or may not be associated with any other data held by google. we may also permit third party service providers to place cookies through our site to perform analytic or marketing functions. we do not control the use of such third party cookies or the resulting information and we are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. your use of our site will be deemed to be your consent to the placement of cookies on your computer or other device. if you prefer not to receive cookies through our site, you can set your browser to either reject all cookies, to allow only "trusted" websites to set them, or to accept only those cookies from those sites you are currently on. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site and use it. by using this website, you agree that we can place cookies on your computer or device as explained above. however, you can control and manage cookies in various ways. if you refuse cookies, this may limit system performance and may even cause certain features of the site to malfunction or not to work at all. you can learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies or  aboutcookies.org we do not use technology that recognizes a "do-not-track" signal from your web browser. policy of young children fredericks is concerned about the privacy of young children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13 years of age. fredericks does not sell products for purchase by children. your california privacy rights california civil code section 1798.83 permits customers of fredericks stores, inc. who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. if you are a resident of california, california civil code section 1798.83 permits you to request once a calendar year information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by fredericks to a third party’s direct marketing purposes. please note that not all information sharing is covered by the “shine the light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response. the right to california residents applies only to their activities within the state of california. to make such a request, please fill out this form, http://unbouncepages.com/fredericks-ccpa/ call us via the help tab at the bottom left of each page or write to us at the following address: nogin attn: fredericks online store 1775 flight way ste 400 tustin, ca 92782 changes to policy fredericks reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of fredericks.com or these policies, in whole or in part, at any time. changes to these policies will be effective when posted. you agree to review these policies periodically to be aware of any changes. your continued use of fredericks.com after any changes to these policies are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes. effective date this privacy policy is effective as of february 1, 2022. shop by collection new arrivals best sellers sale lingerie bras panties plus size ultra sexy shapewear accessories babydolls teddies & bodysuits corsets full figure bras crotchless panties clearance quick links gift cards contact us help my account order status faq's returns shop what's new lingerie bras panties plus size ultra sexy shapewear accessories categories babydolls teddies & bodysuits corsets full figure bras crotchless panties clearance quick links gift cards your california privacy rights help my account order status faq returns contact us social follow us terms of use privacy policy accessibility accessibility statement shop frederick's of hollywood online, sexy lingerie, bras and plus size. frederick’s of hollywood is an iconic, innovative and irresistible lingerie brand that was founded in 1947 by the inventor of the original push-up bra, frederick mellinger. the brand’s early days began with a booming clientele of glamorous stars and brand ambassadors such as marilyn monroe, madonna, and most recently an exclusive collaboration with megan fox, giving frederick’s the reputation as a go-to supplier of special occasion and sexy lingerie. today the frederick’s lingerie legacy lives on exclusively at fredericks.com, through a vast and vibrant product collection of teddies, corsets, babydolls, full figure bras, push-up bras, panties, bodysuits, plus size lingerie and so much more. the frederick’s of hollywood lingerie collection prides it self on being for ‘every body’! with an ever expanding range of plus size and full-figure lingerie, a new shapewear collection, and a super-sexy assortment of halloween costumes, making it the go to place for sexy lingerie.