来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231223205901/https://www.fredericks.com/blogs/show-and-tell/gifts-for-her-fredericks-gift-guide
================================================================================

gifts for her: shop sexy selects with the frederick's gift guide – frederick's of hollywood skip to content cyber monday event    up to 60% off free shipping on orders $75+    shop new cart $0.00 (0) gift guide featured shop all boudoir babe sensual seductress feminine flirt hollywood hottie elevated essentials stocking stuffers sultry season's greetings sizzling gifts for chilly holiday nights shop the guide new featured all new bridal lingerie everyday essentials innerwear as outerwear collections pia collection rosalind collection alanza collection rising star collection buy more, save more save up to 60% shop now rosalind collection give them glamour shop now bras shop by style all bras push up bras open cup bras plunge bras balconette bras strapless bras underwire bras bralettes shop by fabric lace bras satin bras nylon/spandex bras mesh bras shop by padding open cup bras no push bras low push bras medium push bras extreme push bras collections jessica bras rising star bras lexi bras hollywood exxtreme cleaveage bras hollywood heartthrob bras all bras for every body & bust shop now push ups effortlessly lifted shop now panties shop by style all panties g-strings thongs tangas crotchless bikinis cheekies hipsters shop by fabric lace panties cotton panties mesh panties nylon/spandex panties satin panties shop by coverage minimal coverage medium coverage maximum coverage collections jessica panties all panties from barely-there to full coverage shop now crotchless panties feeling wild? shop now lingerie shop by style all lingerie babydolls corsets teddies chemises lingerie sets gartered lingerie robes sleepwear bodystockings collections raven lingerie jessica lingerie ultra sexy lingerie bridal lingerie petra lingerie all lingerie may cause confidence shop now corsets seriously snatched shop now shapewear shop by style all shapewear waist trainers shaping chemises shaping bodysuits shaping underwear shaping shorts collections iman hollywood shape shapewear for a smooth silhouette shop now swim shop by style all swim one pieces swim tops swim bottoms swim sets coverups all swim poolside prowess shop now accessories shop by style all accessories hosiery garter belts pasties body chains accessories fabulous finishing touches shop now sale shop by style all sale sale bras sale panties sale lingerie sale swim sale accessories sale get them while they're hot shop sale show and tell my account search cart $0.00 (0) my account search clear gift guide expand menu hide menu gift guide featured expand menu hide menu featured shop all boudoir babe sensual seductress feminine flirt hollywood hottie elevated essentials stocking stuffers sultry season's greetings sizzling gifts for chilly holiday nights shop the guide new expand menu hide menu new featured expand menu hide menu featured all new bridal lingerie everyday essentials innerwear as outerwear collections expand menu hide menu collections pia collection rosalind collection alanza collection rising star collection buy more, save more save up to 60% shop now rosalind collection give them glamour shop now bras expand menu hide menu bras shop by style expand menu hide menu shop by style all bras push up bras open cup bras plunge bras balconette bras strapless bras underwire bras bralettes shop by fabric expand menu hide menu shop by fabric lace bras satin bras nylon/spandex bras mesh bras shop by padding expand menu hide menu shop by padding open cup bras no push bras low push bras medium push bras extreme push bras collections expand menu hide menu collections jessica bras rising star bras lexi bras hollywood exxtreme cleaveage bras hollywood heartthrob bras all bras for every body & bust shop now push ups effortlessly lifted shop now panties expand menu hide menu panties shop by style expand menu hide menu shop by style all panties g-strings thongs tangas crotchless bikinis cheekies hipsters shop by fabric expand menu hide menu shop by fabric lace panties cotton panties mesh panties nylon/spandex panties satin panties shop by coverage expand menu hide menu shop by coverage minimal coverage medium coverage maximum coverage collections expand menu hide menu collections jessica panties all panties from barely-there to full coverage shop now crotchless panties feeling wild? shop now lingerie expand menu hide menu lingerie shop by style expand menu hide menu shop by style all lingerie babydolls corsets teddies chemises lingerie sets gartered lingerie robes sleepwear bodystockings collections expand menu hide menu collections raven lingerie jessica lingerie ultra sexy lingerie bridal lingerie petra lingerie all lingerie may cause confidence shop now corsets seriously snatched shop now shapewear expand menu hide menu shapewear shop by style expand menu hide menu shop by style all shapewear waist trainers shaping chemises shaping bodysuits shaping underwear shaping shorts collections expand menu hide menu collections iman hollywood shape shapewear for a smooth silhouette shop now swim expand menu hide menu swim shop by style expand menu hide menu shop by style all swim one pieces swim tops swim bottoms swim sets coverups all swim poolside prowess shop now accessories expand menu hide menu accessories shop by style expand menu hide menu shop by style all accessories hosiery garter belts pasties body chains accessories fabulous finishing touches shop now sale expand menu hide menu sale shop by style expand menu hide menu shop by style all sale sale bras sale panties sale lingerie sale swim sale accessories sale get them while they're hot shop sale show and tell cart congratulations! your order qualifies for free shipping spend $75.00 more for free shipping your cart is empty. continue browsing shipping & taxes calculated at checkout check out • $0.00 gifts for her: shop sexy selects with the frederick's gift guide whether you're looking to treat yourself this holiday season, or looking for the perfect gift for that special someone, shopping for intimates is a delicate art. when it comes to lingerie, everyone has a unique style. from sultry and bold to sweet and simple, frederick's of hollywood has the perfect picks for every type of lingerie lover. when it comes to gifts for her, the right present should make her feel special and sexy, while also matching her signature style and personality. we've broken down some of our most iconic pieces and created a handy gift guide, so you can treat her to something she'll treasure year-round. explore the guide below and prepare for your hottest holiday season yet. sensual seductress she's daring, she's bold, and she's always down to try new things. for the sensual seductress in your life, we've compiled some of our most risqué pieces for the risk-taker in your life. finding the right lingerie for a sensual seductress is all about knowing what makes her feel sexiest. gifts for her can include crotchless cuts, open-cup bras, bondage-inspired pieces, and anything mesh. for bras, think plunging, open, and revealing. for panties, crotchless cuts, open backs, and barely-there thongs are sure to please. lingerie that's strappy, sheer, and form-fitting (or all of the above) will make her feel playful and powerful. our raven pieces in black and red are timelessly sexy, and check out our leopard print alanza pieces for anyone looking to unleash her wild side. gifts for the sensual seductress see product see product see product see product shop all boudoir babe she's all about self-care, sleeping in, and luxury—without sacrificing comfort. frederick's of hollywood has countless gifts that the boudoir babe in your life will dream about for many nights to come. gifts for her should be luxurious, soft, and comfortable. guaranteed to make her hit “snooze,” these gifts are all about making her feel pampered and like she's sleeping on satin and lace clouds. whether she's all about sexy pajama sets, or needs a satin robe to slip into after a much-deserved bath, these pieces are the sexiest way to slip into something more comfortable. gifts for the boudoir babe see product see product see product see product shop all hollywood hottie lights, camera, lingerie. she's all about the glitz, the glam, and everything over-the-top and extra. more is always more with the hollywood hottie, which is why we've selected our most dazzling pieces with her in mind. the hollywood hottie loves the spotlight, which is why gifts for her should be eye-catching, luxurious, and all about making her feel like the star of her own show. dripping in rhinestones, our ziggy collection makes the perfect gift for the diva in your life. plus, our rising star collection will give her bust a “look at me ” lift that's sure to make her feel her best. intricate sets, sculpted silhouettes, and anything with a little (or a lot) of shimmer will leave her seeing stars. gifts for the hollywood hottie see product see product see product see product shop all feminine flirt she's playful, she's romantic, and she's unapologetically feminine. the feminine flirt can be found in all things flowy, lacey, and straight out of a fairytale. the perfect gifts for her will make her fall in love…with herself. the feminine flirt can be found daydreaming, listening to love songs, and viewing the world through rose-colored glasses. and if it comes in pink, she'll buy it. the perfect gifts for her should be a flirty combination of sweet and sexy. lots of lace, flowy babydolls, and light pinks and whites are a surefire way to win her heart. our rosalind collection's intricate lace and bow details, and the fab florals in our dahlia collection are as romantic as it gets. gifts for the feminine flirt see product see product see product see product shop all elevated essentials there's nothing basic about these everyday essentials. give her gifts she'll get the most out of while elevating her lingerie collection to sexy new heights. these gifts for her are specially curated to bring an extra dash of sexy to her daily life. spoil her with sexy staples like push-up bras, sleek g-strings, classic hipsters, comfy bralettes, and other popular frederick's picks. notice that she prefers push-ups? give her the best of the best with our top-selling hollywood exxtreme push up bra. or, maybe the panties she wears on the regular have seen better days. replace those sad and dated ones with frederick's classics like the heartthrob mini g-string or the bridget cotton and lace hipster. add a dash of her personality and style by choosing from our extensive range of eye-catching colors and fabrics. shop elevated essentials shop all stocking stuffers whether your stockings are fishnets or fleece, no stocking is complete without frederick's of hollywood. make this holiday season truly unforgettable with our exquisite collection of gifts for her—designed to add a touch of glamour and sophistication to her lingerie collection. from barely-there g-strings to hosiery to garter belts and other sexy accessories, these gifts for her are sure to make her light up like a christmas tree. you can never go wrong with a bundle of undies or a pack of sexy stockings. feeling bold? explore more playful lingerie looks, including jaw-dropping body stockings and open-crotch thongs. shop stocking stuffers shop all your lingerie experts frederick's of hollywood offers countless styles, colors, fabrics, silhouettes, and types of lingerie to make her feel special, celebrated, and super sexy. found the perfect gifts for her, but not sure how to find her perfect fit? check out our fit guide or our guide to buying sexy lingerie for your partner. more from show & tell 6 simple and sexy halloween costumes read more ultimate guide to women's bra styles read more underwear styles for every woman read more ultimate guide to teddies & bodysuits read more 5 bras every woman needs to own read more read more 6 simple and sexy halloween costumes the lingerie glossary: your a-z guide to all types of lingerie, panties, & bras. ultimate guide to women's bra styles exclusive offers straight to your inbox join to get special offers, free giveaways, and once-in-a-lifetime deals. this customer is already subscribed email customer service customer service my account fit & size guides returns & exchanges shipping & delivery route insurance klarna contact us company company gift cards blog privacy policy terms & conditions do not sell data requests accessibility statement accessibility bar stay in touch. facebook tiktok instagram amazon amazon payments american express american express apple pay apple pay discover discover meta pay facebook pay google pay google pay mastercard master paypal paypal shop pay shopify pay venmo venmo visa visa © frederick's of hollywood 2023 search clear