来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223182119/http://www.destinationmaternity.com/RetailSitesPrivacyPolicy.asp
================================================================================

retailsitesprivacypolicy | destination maternity shopping bag (0) catalogstore locatorcustomer servicemy account designers designer apparel & lingerie abs by allen schwartz ag jeans bailey 44 bcbg catherine malandrino cosabella donna morgan ella moss elle macpherson feel the piece french connection hale bob hanky panky jessica simpson joe's jeans joie laundry by shelli segal lavish by heidi klum liquid by nell couture loved by heidi klum medela nicole miller rachel pally rosie pope sanctuary spanx splendid velvet vince weston wear sale a pea in the pod collection sweaters shirts tees jeans pants shorts skirts dresses swim outerwear lingerie designer jeans 7 for all mankind !it jeans a pea in the pod ag jeans blank buffalo citizens of humanity genetic denim hudson j brand joe's jeans mavi paige premium denim silver jeans sold true religion vigoss sale diaper bags & slings petunia pickle bottom storksak skip*hop diaper dude jj cole slings & baby carriers stroller accessories pregnancy skin care mama mio basq sanctuary mum to be bella b noodle and boo mustela mustela bebe st. tropez belli comfort zone naturopathica nursing more skin care products tops tees & tanks dealslong sleeve3/4 sleeveshort sleevetank topstunicssaleshirts & blouses long sleeve3/4 sleeveshort sleevesleevelesstunicsalesweaters long sleeve3/4 sleevecardiganshort sleevesleevelesscashmeresale bottoms motherhood jeans boot cutskinnystraight legfit and flarecrops & caprispetitetallsaledesigner jeans 7 for all mankind!it jeansa pea in the podag jeansblankbuffalocitizens of humanitygenetic denimhudsonj brandjoe's jeansmavipaige premium denimsilver jeanssoldtrue religionvigosssalepants regular lengthleggingscrops and capriscorduroypetitetallsaleshorts bermudasmid-lengthshortdenimsale dresses skirts knee lengthlongdenimsaledresses day dressesevening dresseslittle black dressmaxi dressessale lingerie bras sleep brasfull coveragedemiwirelessseamlesssportsaccessoriessalecamisoles camisolessalepanties bikinisthongshipstershi-cut brieffold oversalesupport belts & shapers shaperssupport beltspost partumsalehosiery hosierysale sleep nightgowns & robespajamasseparatesmom & babysale coats coatsjacketsvestssale swim separatestankinione-piececover-upssale active activewear tees and tankshoodiesbottomsyogasalenfl football teesactive pantsfor babymlb baseball teesfor baby nursing features new arrivals breastfeeding info hq nursing bra size guide nursing bras nursing tops & tanks nursing sleepwear nursing accessories sale plus features new arrivals plus secret fit belly the plus tummy sleeve tops tees shirts and blouses sweaters bottoms jeans pants shorts lingerie bras shapewear panties hosiery dresses activewear sale beauty skin care mama miobasqpalmer'sburt's beessanctuary mum to beblooming beautifulbella bnoodle and boomustelamustela bebest. tropezbellicomfort zonenaturopathicanursingmore skin care productsnutrition barspreggie popssupplements gifts & baby diaper bags & slings for baby books and more pillows accessories gift cardbuybuy baby sale shop by designerdesigner apparel & lingerieviewallabs by allen schwartzag jeansbailey 44bcbgcatherine malandrinocosabelladonna morganella mosselle macphersonfeel the piecefrench connectionhale bobhanky pankyjessica simpsonjoe's jeansjoielaundry by shelli segallavish by heidi klumliquid by nell coutureloved by heidi klummedelanicole millerrachel pallyrosie popesanctuaryspanxsplendidvelvetvinceweston wearsalea pea in the pod collectiondesigner jeansdiaper bags & slingspregnancy skin care destinationmaternity.com privacy policy privacy policy your privacy we respect your privacy. our goal is to be your trusted, objective source of information, products and services for all of your maternity and nursing needs. we want you to make the most of our products and services and feel confident while doing so online. we have a clear privacy policy: we collect no private, personal information unless you voluntarily supply it. this privacy policy explains under what circumstances we gather your individually identifiable information, how we use it, and who may access that information. it also provides you the means to “opt-out” of providing personal information that you do not wish to provide and to access, or change any identifying information already collected. we believe that your privacy is of the utmost importance, which is why this statement regarding privacy of personally identifiable information provided online conforms to the federal trade commission’s fair information practices of notice, choice, access, and security. we hope that you will provide comments on how we can improve our privacy policy so that we may better accommodate your needs. please provide any comments to ci@destinationmaternity.com. by using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of information as set forth in this privacy policy, and to our right to amend this privacy policy. all revisions made to this privacy policy will be posted on this page. this privacy policy applies only to the retail and e-commerce web sites operated by destination maternity corporation and its affiliates, which include, without limitation: www.apeainthepod.com;  www.motherhood.com; www.motherhoodnursing.com; www.destinationmaternity.com;  m.destinationmaternity.com;  and www.edamamespa.com (the "retail web sites"). for the privacy policy that applies to our corporate informational web site (www.destinationmaternitycorporation.com), please click here. access to and use of the retail web sites is also governed by our terms and conditions of use. personal information we collect online when you visit any of the retail web sites, we do not collect any personally identifiable information without your consent. if you are simply perusing our site, we collect no personally identifiable information from you. we do, however, utilize cookies on our web site. “cookies” are small data files stored on your own computer’s hard drive. they are generated by web sites such as the retail web sites to provide users with a personalized and enhanced online experience. by assigning and storing a random user name cookie on your hard drive, we are able to offer you personalized collection, filtering, and delivery of information that we feel will be of the greatest interest and value to you. this includes not only our web sites’ original content, but also advertisements especially targeted to you in accordance with your content preferences and traffic patterns, as revealed by the cookie. overall, aggregated usage information helps us improve our offerings by showing us how different areas of the web sites are being used. no personally identifiable information is transmitted via these cookies. cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to reveal or discover the identity of the individual user; your acceptance of our cookie will not compromise your anonymity while using our web site. if you choose to reject the cookie, you may still use our web site although certain functions and applications may be disallowed as a result, and you will not benefit from the personalized and enhanced services discussed throughout this policy. in order to purchase an item from any of the retail web sites, or enter into a sweepstakes sponsored by any of the retail web sites, you will be required to enter certain personal information (e.g. name, address, email address, etc.). in addition, you will be asked to enter certain demographic information (e.g. age, pregnancy related information, etc.); however, disclosure of this information is not required to complete a purchase from any of the retail web sites. we encourage you to volunteer such optional information so we may provide a more personalized experience on our web sites and thus deliver greater value to you, our guest. demographic information is specifically used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use of and satisfaction with the retail web sites. personal information disclosed during a purchase will be utilized to complete your purchase transaction and ship the purchased items to you, and information collected in connection with a sweepstakes will be utilized to contact you in the event you win one of the offered prizes. how we protect your information we are dedicated to the security of your personal information, and take every commercially reasonable precaution to maintain that protection. to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and facilitate the appropriate use of information, we use physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to protect the personal information we collect online. encryption tools are used when collecting or transferring sensitive information such as name and addresses. additional database content is protected either by means of a two key encryption algorithm or behind a firewall using security software. access to the database is limited to our employees who have a legitimate business need to access the personal information contained therein and our contractors and service providers who we require to keep all information to which they have access completely confidential. if you have any questions about the security at any of our retail web sites, please contact us by email at ci@destinationmaternity.com. our use of your personal information in addition to the uses of personal information listed above, we may utilize personal information that you provide to us to contact you regarding products, services, and information we believe you would find useful, and we may also contact you to ask your opinion on various topics that may be of interest to you and/or may help us serve you better. we also may store and use your personal information for our own internal purposes including list management and demographic matching with other internal database information. additionally, composite tracking information generated by cookies for traffic accounting and content analysis may be shared with third parties for the purpose of documenting site activity and other trends. we emphasize that the foregoing statistical information is not linked to any personal information and cannot identify any individual user of our web site. at times we may also share your personal information with other companies or organizations that have a product or service we believe may be of interest to you or that would like to contact you to ask your opinion on various topics that may be of interest to you and/or may help them serve you better. however, you always have the right to direct us not to share your information with third parties (see “choice” below). please note that you will not be able to opt out with regard to the collection and disclosure of aggregate information. such information does not include anything personally identifiable, however, and simply reflects statistical analysis of various aspects of web site usage. also, we reserve the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the web site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety. choice we believe that choice is one of the most important privacy principles. you have the choice not to submit any personally identifiable information to us (although under such circumstances you would be unable to purchase items from the retail web sites or participate in our contests and sweepstakes). you also may choose to submit only those mandatory fields of data absolutely required for purchases and contest participation. finally, you may choose to limit the use of or access to your personally identifiable information by requesting that we refrain from sharing all such information with any third parties. you may “opt out” in this way at any time simply by contacting us at ci@destinationmaternity.com, or at the address and phone number listed at the end of this privacy policy. likewise, should you prefer not to receive email communications from us, we provide a mechanism for opting out of this service at the time of data collection. additionally, each email message we send you will clearly state how you may opt out of receiving emails. please note however that requests to opt out from our email list may take up to ten business days to process, and it is possible that in that time you may receive further emails from us. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. in addition, despite previously having opted out of receiving emails from us, you may still receive emails regarding sweepstakes sponsored by any of the retail web sites in which you participate. please note that you will not be able to opt out with regard to the collection and disclosure of aggregate information. such information does not include anything personally identifiable, however, and simply reflects statistical analysis of various aspects of web site usage. in the event that any of the retail web sites is merged with or sold to another company, your personal information will be transferred to the surviving company, who will be bound by the terms of this privacy policy. privacy of children's information we believe that it's especially important to protect children's privacy online and encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate and monitor their internet activity. we comply with all applicable national and international children's privacy regulations. we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. we sell no products for purchase by children, and all children’s products sold through any of the retail web sites are for purchase by adults only. access and accuracy we aim to keep your personally identifiable information as accurate as possible. by contacting us at ci@destinationmaternity.com, or at the address or phone number at the end of this privacy policy, you may add to or change any individual information you have provided to us. should you at any time desire to opt out from receiving communications from us, you may contact us at ci@destinationmaternity.com. after receipt of such a request, we will designate your information as “do not contact” as soon as commercially reasonable. links; online discussions the retail web sites may contain links to other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. users should be particularly aware that certain links from our sites may be “framed” by a banner from one of the retail web sites at the top of the third party site’s web pages. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the retail web sites, and none of the retail web sites bears any responsibility for any actions or policies of such third party web sites including all framed sites. changes to our privacy policy from time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this privacy policy. if we change our policy, we will post the revised version here, so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy. give us your feedback our goal is to protect your privacy. to comment on or help us improve this privacy policy, please contact us by email at ci@destinationmaternity.com or at destination maternity corporation attn: customer service 456 north fifth street philadelphia, pennsylvania 19123 1 800-4mom2be (1 800-466-6223) month 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 day 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 year 2012 2013 2014 destination maternity community supply chain compliance gift cardssize chart international shipping store locatorpopular searches customer service1-800-4mom2be privacy policyeasy returns terms & conditionssite map quick links  (remove) baby clothes & layette maternity tops plus size maternity tops plus size maternity clothes nursing bras maternity clothes maternity dresses plus size maternity bottoms designer maternity clothes maternity stores maternity pants & bottoms maternity lingerie plus size maternity lingerie nursing clothes destination maternity corporation    |    careers    |    investors    |    social responsibility please visit our partners :