来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191214234649/https://www.destinationmaternity.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | destination maternity free shipping on $79 purchases + free returns to stores menu my account login register find a store destination maternity search catalog search 0 menu by category new arrivals dresses jeans leggings pants tops jackets & coats skirts shorts swimwear activewear plus size motherhood dresses jeans leggings pants tops jackets & coats skirts shorts swimwear plus size feature brands jessica simpson bounceback feature shops new arrivals style guide wear to work secret fit belly graphic tee shop babymoon gift card petite shop bumpstart bras, nursing & pajamas bras - nursing & maternity nursing tops & dresses pajamas & robes post pregnancy underwear tights & socks nursing accessories gifts & beauty diaper bags pillows feature shops nursing style guide maternity & nursing bras nursing guide plus lingerie & nursing hospital bag gift cards feature brand belly bandit spanx a pea in the pod dresses jeans leggings pants tops jackets & coats skirts shorts swimwear active & loungewear feature shops new arrivals denim guide gift cards occasion shops wear to work babymoon designers 7 for all mankind ag jeans articles of society bb dakota beyond yoga chaser citizens of humanity daniel rainn frame isabella oliver j brand jessica simpson joe's jeans led monrow mother paige pietro brunelli rachel pally rails ripe seraphine splendid velvet featured brands rachel pally chaser sale maternity clothes sale dresses sale jeans sale leggings sale pants sale tops sale shorts sale skirts sale swimwear sale active & loungewear sale final sale bras, nursing & pajamas sale bras sale nursing tops & dresses sale sleepwear & robes sale underwear sale tights sale gifts & beauty sale take an extra 30 % off clearance styles for a limited time my account login register find a store long weekend sale: save 30% off sitewide! tees, tanks & nursing camis starting at $5! take an extra 30% off clearance styles! customer service privacy policy privacy policy we respect your privacy. we want you to make the most of our products and services and feel confident while doing so. this privacy policy (the “privacy policy”) explains how destination maternity corporation (“destination maternity,” “we” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses information about you. this privacy policy applies to the information we collect through (1) our retail stores (collectively, the “stores”); (2) our retail and e-commerce web sites, including: www.apeainthepod.com; www.motherhood.com; www.destinationmaternity.com; www.motherhoodcanada.ca; and any other websites on which we post this policy; and (3) the online services, applications and social networking platforms operated by us (collectively, (2) and (3) are the “sites”). the stores and the sites are intended for customers and users outside the european economic area (“eea”) (for the privacy policy that applies to our corporate informational web site, please go to http://www.destinationmaternitycorp.com/corporateprivacypolicy.asp.) by providing us your information in-store or using any of the sites, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information as set forth in this privacy policy. your use of our sites and any dispute over privacy, are also subject to our terms and conditions, which are incorporated by reference into this policy, and available at https://www.destinationmaternity.com/termsandconditions.asp. information we collect we may collect information directly from you, from third parties, and automatically through your use of our sites. information we collect directly. to make a purchase, participate in a sweepstakes, contest, or survey sponsored by us, sign up for deals, or use certain site features (e.g., the “contact us" form), you must provide us certain personal information (e.g., name, address, email address, payment information, etc.). in addition, we also may collect certain optional information through the sites and stores. for instance, we may ask you for additional information (such as your name, address, email address, phone number, age, due date and other pregnancy-related information, etc.) so that we (and in some cases our third party partners) can send you information and offers we think will interest you, personalize your experience with us, and for other marketing, research and analytics purposes. you can always choose not to provide us with this information! your content. if you post reviews, comments, photos or other content to our sites, we collect information about what you post and may associate this with the other information we have collected about you. information we collect automatically. we may automatically collect the following information about your use of our sites through cookies, web beacons, java script, and other technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your ip address; how you move through the sites and the length of time you visit our sites; and the referring url, or the webpage that led you to our sites. we may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your user name, name, and other personal information. we do not knowingly collect this information from users with eea ip addresses. please see the section “cookies and tracking” below for more information. our use of your personal information generally, we use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes: to complete your purchase, process your transactions (including returns and exchanges), and fulfil your orders (including to ship products to you). to administer contests or sweepstakes, including to contact winners. to communicate with you about your use of our sites and your activities and purchases in our stores, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes. to contact you to ask your opinion on various topics that may be of interest to you and/or may help us serve you better. to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the sites. for marketing and promotional purposes. for example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to contact you regarding products, services, and information we believe you would find useful, and to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions. we also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising on third party websites. to better understand how users access and use our site and the products and services available in our stores, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our services, products and the sites, and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes to protect our own rights and interests, such as to resolve any disputes, enforce our terms of service, or to respond to legal process. how we disclose your personal information we may share your information, including personal information, as follows: service providers. we may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. affiliates. we may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information will be subject to this policy. marketing partners. we may also share your personal information with select companies, who may send you news, offers, promotions and other information we think may interest you, or who may contact you to ask your opinion on various topics. you may opt-out of our sharing your information in this way, as set forth in the choices section below. users. when you post content on our sites, your name any information that you post, will be available to, and searchable by, all users and visitors of the sites. business transfers. if all or part of our business, assets, stores or sites are merged with or sold to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, your personal information will be transferred to the surviving or acquiring company. in response to legal process. we also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena or other legal process. to protect us and others. we also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our terms of use or this policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. aggregate and de-identified information. we may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or other purposes. cookies and tracking we and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our sites. we may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf). cookies. “cookies” are small data files stored on your own computer’s hard drive. we (and our third party providers) use cookies to facilitate the operation of our site (e.g., as part of the account login and checkout features), to personalize the content we display to you, and for analytics, marketing, and advertising purposes. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. if you choose to reject cookies, certain functions and applications on our sites may not work properly. pixel tags. pixel tags (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or clear gifs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. in contrast to cookies, though, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages, not stored on your hard drive. we might use clear gifs to track the activities of users of our sites, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage. we and our third party service providers also might use clear gifs in html e-mails to our customers, to help us track e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our e-mails are forwarded. third party analytics. we use automated devices and applications, such as google analytics, (for more information, click here to evaluate usage of our sites, including to determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our websites and other websites and better understand your online or offline activity. we use these tools to help us improve our sites, performance and user experiences. these entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. we do not share your personal information with these third parties. we do not knowingly collect this information from users with eea ip addresses do not track browser settings. our sites currently do not recognize browser do-not-track signals/requests. (for more information about do not track signals, please click here). you can, however, opt out of certain targeted advertising as noted below. third-party ad networks we work with third parties such as network advertisers to display advertisements on our sites, to assist us in displaying advertisements on third party websites, and to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns. these third parties may display advertisements based on your visits to our sites as well as other websites, in order to show you more relevant ads for products and services you might be interested. these third parties’ practices are governed by their own privacy policy, not this one. we may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our sites, as well as other aggregate or non-personally identifiable information. we do not knowingly provide or intend to provide third parties information from users with eea ip addresses you may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the network advertising initiative (“nai”) and the digital advertising alliance (“daa”). for more information about interest-based advertising and ad networks, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by nai and daa members, please visit their respective websites: www.aboutads.info/choices (daa), and www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp (nai). opting out of one or more nai or daa member networks (many of which will be the same) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you. it does not mean you will no longer receive any ads on our sites or other websites. you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies, if your erase your cookies, or if you use a different computer or change web browsers, your nai or daa opt-out may no longer be effective. choices our communications. as noted above we may send you emails with news, information and special offers. you may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail or by emailing us at ci@destinationmaternity.com, with the word unsuscribe in the subject or body of your email. please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. if you opt-out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you e-mails about your account or orders, as well as sweepstakes in which you participate. we may also ask you to consent to receive text message communications from us. you may opt out entirely of receiving any text messages from us—promotional, transactional or otherwise—by replying stop at any time to 4069. third party partners. when you register with us, or make a purchase through the sites or stores, we give you the choice to receive news, offers and other information from select third party partners with whom we may share your information. you can opt out of our sharing your information when you register with us. you may also opt out at any time, by contacting us at ci@destinationmaternity.com, or at the address and phone number listed at the end of this privacy policy. if you opt out, we will stop sharing your information on a going-forward basis, but your opt-out won’t affect the information we have shared prior to your opt out. special information for california consumers; your california privacy rights california residents may request a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed certain personal information about you for the third party’s own marketing purposes. you may make one request per calendar year. in your request, please attest that you are a california resident and provide a current california address for our response to you. we will respond to you within thirty (30) days. you may request this information in writing by contacting us ci@destinationmaternity.com. user generated content if you participate in our online services or access certain public or other interactive areas on the sites, such as commenting on our blog or by creating a public profile, the information you voluntarily disclose may be accessible to other site users and, in some cases, the general public. we cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this policy, the law, or your personal privacy. third party plugins and social networking features at times, we may incorporate some third-party social networking features on the sites or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the sites or portions thereof. for example, our sites may include social media features and widgets, such as the facebook like button and the “share this” button, as well as other interactive mini-programs that run on our sites and enable certain features to work (e.g., blogs and comments). these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly and for other purposes. these features are displayed on our sites, but are hosted by third parties, and are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. how we protect your information we have implemented safeguards to protect the information we collect. however, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. you should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. we are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. children's information our sites do not target children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13). access you can update much of the personal information we collect by logging in and changing your account information. you may also contact us at ci@destinationmaternity.com, or at the address or phone number at the end of this privacy policy, to add to or change any individual information you have provided to us. please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the sites for a period of time, and may also be retained by us as part of our business records. third party links the sites may contain links to other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. users should be particularly aware that certain links from our sites may be “framed” by a banner from one of the sites at the top of the third-party site’s web pages. this privacy notice applies solely to information collected by the sites, and none of the sites bears any responsibility for any actions or policies of such third-party web sites including all framed sites. changes to our privacy policy from time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this privacy policy. if we change our policy, we will post the revised version on each of our sites, so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy. if we make any changes to this policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our sites, or contacting you at your email address of record with us. contact us our goal is to protect your privacy. if you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us by email at ci@destinationmaternity.com, by telephone at 1 800-4mom2be (1 800-466-6223), or by mailing: destination maternity corporation attn: customer service 232 strawbridge drive moorestown, nj 08057 secondary navigation customer care faqs my account orders shipping returns current offers military & teacher discount gift cards store locator bump bucks faqs same day delivery faqs beloved photography faqs need help? if you have any questions or need help with your account, you may contact us to assist you. 1-800-466-6223 customer service monday to friday 9:00 am - 8:00 pm est saturday & sunday 10:00 am - 7:00 pm est your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. sign up today for emails & special offers email address due date (optional) submit privacy policy connect with us motherhood a pea in the pod shop giftcards help contact us returns shipping order status accessibility contact us international orders order status corporate destination maternity corporate careers investors partnership opportunity social responsibility shopping gift card balance maternity fit guides perks savings program bulk gift cards buy online ship to store maternity fit guides our brands motherhood motherhood canada a pea in the pod © motherhood maternity. all rights reserved. privacy policy - updated 5/24/18 terms & conditions ca transparency act site map please visit our partners