来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241214222028/https://destinationmaternity.com/policies/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service – destination maternity skip to content menu intimates tops bottoms dresses what’s new best sellers new arrivals about account search close navigation intimates tops bottoms dresses what’s new best sellers new arrivals about account terms of service welcome to the destination maternity website (this "site"), which is owned by maternity ip holdings lp, part of the marquee brands llc family of companies (“marquee”) and hosted by tefron usa inc. ("we or us"). we are pleased to allow you access to this site, subject to your agreement to these terms of use. your access to and use of this site, and all information, products, and services on this site (collectively, the "services") are subject to the binding legal terms and conditions set forth below ("terms"). you understand that we may update these terms from time to time without providing any notice, advance or otherwise. unless we let you know by giving you notice, any new features or updated services that we put on this site will be subject to these terms as then in effect. by using the site, you agree to each of these terms of use and our privacy policy as a binding agreement between us, whether or not you have read them. if you do not agree with any term or condition set forth below, you are not authorized to use this site or the services for any purpose and must not access or use the site. this agreement shall remain in effect for so long as you use or access this site (subject to any update to these terms of use). upon termination of this agreement, you shall no longer be permitted to use or access this site. use of this site and access to the services requires that you have internet access. you also need certain equipment to access this site and the services, such as a computer or tablet, modem, mobile phone and/or other devices. users are responsible for their own costs of internet access and any equipment needed, and we are not responsible for any of these costs. these terms of use govern your use of this site and your conduct, regardless of the means by which you access or interact with this site. while we try to update this site to support most browsers, access to and use of this site also may require users to keep their browsers and operating systems up to date. we are not responsible if for any reason the site is not accessible from, or does not work or ceases to work on your browser and/or computer, tablet or mobile device. you are only eligible and permitted to use this site if you are of legal age in your country or you have consent from your parent or guardian specifically to visit and use this site. site contents all content, graphics, code, and software used on or incorporated into this site, and the arrangement or integration of all such content, graphics, code and software, are subject to copyrights held by or licensed to us, and all rights thereto are specifically reserved. we also reserve all rights in and to our trademarks and service marks, as well as all trade dress, and no license or other rights in or to any of such intellectual property of ours is granted to users of or visitors to this site, as more fully described below in copyrights and trademarks. this site occasionally may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be accurate, complete or current. we therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. please note that such errors, inaccuracies, or omissions may relate to pricing and availability, and we will not be bound by any such errors, especially as they relate to pricing or availability. we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience. copyright and trademarks "destination maternity," as well as page headers, custom graphics, buttons, images and other content on this site, are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and or other proprietary or intellectual property rights or licenses held by us. other trademarks, product names and company names or logos used on this site are the intellectual property of their respective owners. except as expressly authorized, the use or misuse of any copyrighted material, trademarks, trade names, logos, images, graphics, or other content from this site is strictly prohibited. you may download, copy or share content, graphics, code, and software from this site for your personal use only. no right, title, or interest in any downloaded content, graphics, code, or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. you may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the content, graphics, code, or software without permission. you must not: modify copies of any materials from this site. use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text. delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site. you must not access, or use for any commercial purposes, any part of this site or any services or materials available through this site. prohibited uses you may use the site only for lawful purposes and only in accordance with these terms. you agree not to use the site: in any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the u.s, or other countries). for the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors including, without limitation, by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise. to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the content standards set out in these terms. to transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation. to impersonate or attempt to impersonate us, our employees, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing). for copying all or any portion of the site or duplicating all or certain aspects of the services, whether or not for the purpose of competing or assisting others to compete with destinationmaternity.com. for distributing or sending any advertising, or for disseminating any divisive material including, without limitation, any material of a religious, social or political nature. to stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities, or to spew hate speech against others on racist, ethnic, sexist, sexual orientation, ageist or other grounds, or to defame any persons or entities or the products or services they offer. to post any content in violation of the terms governing your posting of any content to this site, as addressed below in the section “your postings to this site.” to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the site, or which, as determined by us, may harm the us or users of the site, or expose them to liability. additionally, you agree not to: use this site in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair this site or interfere with any other party's use of or access to this site, including their ability to engage in real-time activities with or through this site. use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on this site, or for any other purpose not expressly authorized in these terms, without our prior written consent in each instance. use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of this site or for the purpose of diverting internet traffic to or away from this site. target the site (or using the site to target the websites of others) for any dedicated denial of services (dds) attacks or for distributing electronic “spam” or junk mail, or to introduce any virus, malware, worms, trojan horses, spiders or other software or programming algorithm that is designed or intended to have the effect of compromising tor interfering with the site or specific features of the site, its intended operation or any aspect of its security or authentication features, or to introduce any corrupted files, scripts or commands into the site for the purpose of data mining any portion of the services, or to employ any tools designed to compromise the site’s security (such as password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing tools).. attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of this site, the server on which this site is hosted or stored, or any server, computer or database connected to this site or providing functionality to it. attack this site by any other means, whether similar or dissimilar, for the purpose or with the effect of interrupting access of others to this site. otherwise, attempt to interfere with the proper working of this site. product information the products displayed on this site can be ordered for delivery only to a legitimate address within the united states, and not to a freight forwarder or any other person or entity within the united states for transshipment outside of the united states. products displayed on the site may be available in select retail stores in the u.s. and certain foreign markets. all prices displayed on the site are quoted in u.s. dollars and are valid and effective only in the united states. reference to any products, services, processes, or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by us. all prices displayed are real-time pricing and are subject to change at our sole discretion. the products available through this site and the services, including any gifts that may accompany any products that you purchase, are for your personal use only. by placing on order through this site you are representing and warranting to others and third parties involved in the fulfillment of such orders that you are buying products or services from or through this site solely for your own personal or household use, and not for resale, renting out as a business, or for export. you further represent and warrant that all purchases are intended for final delivery to the retail purchaser at her location within the united states. given the popularity of our products, and except where prohibited by law, we may limit the number available for purchase generally or in specific areas, so that as many customers as possible may enjoy our merchandise. colors we make every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear on this site. however, as the colors you see on your monitor may vary in some small or more significant way from the images of merchandise we upload to this site, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate or that there may not be a variance between what your monitor displays and the actual product color(s). your postings to this site we may permit you to transmit or post comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas and information or content (collectively "content"). if you transmit or post any content, on or through this site, you are guaranteeing to us that you have all legal rights required to post such content and that your posting of such content, and its display on this site, will not violate any law or the rights of any other person or entity. you are and shall remain solely responsible for any content that you post or transmit, and you indemnify and agree to hold us harmless from and against any and all loss, cost, liability and claims by others that any of your content infringes their rights or causes them damages. all content is subject to the following terms: by posting content you give us the royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sublicensable (though multiple layers) worldwide right to: allow other people to use the content as described in these terms; and to use, distribute, display and create derivative works from such content, in any and all media (whether currently in existence or created hereafter), in any manner, in whole or in part, without any restriction or responsibilities to you; you understand that we are not responsible for the truth, completeness, objectivity, or usefulness of any content, nor do we endorse any content; we do not verify the identity of people using our site, and you fully assume the risk of believing or taking actions based upon any content that you may read on this site; we do not and expressly disclaim any obligation to screen, monitor, edit, or review content posting by visitors to or users of this site, although we do have the right to monitor, edit or remove any content at any time and without notice if we believe it will improve our site; and we can also suspend or terminate use of this site or the services by anyone who does not follow these terms. we are and shall be under no obligation: to maintain any content in confidence; to pay any compensation for any content posted to this site, or to respond to any content. you are prohibited from posting or submitting any content that contains any material, statement or image that infringes the copyright, trademark, tradename, other intellectual property or proprietary rights or any other rights (such as rights to privacy or rights of publicity) of any third party, or that contains statements or images that depict violence or other inherently objectionable imagery; are obscene, defamatory, libelous, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit; that violate any applicable law; that causes or is intended to cause emotional or physical harm to, or harass, abuse, stalk, threaten or otherwise infringe the rights of, any other person, or that we, in our sole discretion, deem inappropriate, offensive, objectionable or unrelated to the narrow purpose of describing or reviewing any merchandise or customer experience. in the event that any objectionable material is posted that is alleged to be in violation of applicable law or the rights of third parties, we will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials. you are prohibited from submitting any content that appeals for donations or funds or that provides links to or directs others to other websites or organizations for any such purpose. you are prohibited from submitting any content that includes any hyperlink for any purpose, and will not submit any photo, file or other link as part of your content which, if clicked, would introduce any virus, malware or other malicious or repetitive code designed to alter or having the effect of compromising the operation or security of any computer or device on which such content is being accessed or viewed. third-party content and third-party sites we may from time to time provide content of third parties ("third party content") or links to the websites of third parties (“third party sites”) as a service to those interested in accessing such content or websites of others. by accessing and/or using any such third party content and/or third party sites, you are acknowledging and agreeing that we do not monitor, approve, or have any control over any third party content or third party sites, and the inclusion of links to third party content or third party sites is not intended and should not be construed as evidence of any association or relationship between us and such third party, although there might be. we do not guarantee, endorse, or adopt the accuracy or completeness of any third party content or any third party site. we are not responsible for updating or reviewing third party content or third party sites. you use third party content and third party sites if you choose, but entirely at your own risk. third-party content, including comments from third-party users submitted to us through the services, do not necessarily reflect our views. promotions by participating in surveys, sweepstakes, contests or promotions on this site, and/or requesting promotional information or product updates, you hereby agree that destinationmaternity.com may use information about you for marketing, product development and promotional purposes. you agree that destinationmaternity.com may use information about you and your use of this site in any manner that does not reveal your personal identity and is otherwise consistent with the terms of destinationmaternity.com’s privacy policy, which privacy policy can be accessed through the link below of on the “privacy policy” tab on this site: destinationmaternity.com/privacy further, you agree that destinationmaternity.com may send you electronic mail for the purpose of advising you of updates to this site if we elect to provide such notice, providing you with promotional information on destination maternity products or for such other purposes as destinationmaternity.com deems appropriate. please see official rules applicable to specific surveys, sweepstakes, contests or promotions for further details. text messaging when you provide us with a cellphone number, we may ask you to consent to receive text message communications from us. you may opt out entirely of receiving any text messages from us—promotional, transactional, or otherwise—by replying stop to any text message that you receive from us. yor sending and receipt of any text messages may cause you to incur message and data rates for which you are responsible. neither we nor the wireless carriers will be liable for any delays in the receipt of, or failure to deliver, any text messages, and text message services are provided strictly on an "as-is" and “with all faults” basis. privacy all information we collect on this site is subject to the then-current terms of our privacy policy. by using the site, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the privacy policy. digital millennium copyright act (dmca) if you believe that your intellectual property has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our copyright agent with the written information specified below. please note that this procedure is to be used by you exclusively for notifying us and our affiliates that you believe in good faith that your copyrighted material has been infringed. - an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; - a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon; - a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on this site; - your address, telephone number, and email address; - a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; - a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. you may notify destinationmaternity.com according to the notice requirements of the digital millennium copyright act. pursuant to 17 u.s.c. section 512. destinationmaternity.com’s dmca registered agent can be reached as follows: privacyrights@destinationmaternity.com indemnity you understand and agree that you are personally responsible for your use of this site and the services, and for any content that you post. accordingly, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and marquee and each of our parents, affiliates and subsidiaries and each of their respective current and future officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (all such parties individually and collectively defined as the “indemnified parties”) harmless from and against any loss, damage, liability, cost or expense of any kind (including attorneys' fees) that the indemnified parties (or any of them) may incur in connection with a third party claim or otherwise, in relation to your use of this site or the services, or your violation of either these terms or the rights of any third party. disclaimers of warranties you understand and agree that your use of this site or the services (including any download from this site and any loss of data or other damage to your computer system, tablet, mobile phone or other device that you experience from using this site or the services) is at your sole risk. you understand that this site and the services and all information, products and other content (including third-party information, products and content) accessible on or through this site, are provided on an "as is," "where-is" and "when available" basis, and are subject to change at any time without prior or other notice to you. you acknowledge that we make no representation or warranty that this site or the services will be suitable for your needs or interests, uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. you understand that we do not represent or warrant that the results obtained from your use of the services will meet your expectations. no warranty of any kind, whether oral or written, can modify the terms of the disclaimer set forth in this paragraph. to the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim all representations, warranties and conditions of any kind (express, implied, statutory or otherwise including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement of proprietary rights) as to the services and all information, products and other content (including third party information, products and content) included in or accessible from this site. liability disclaimers and limitations of liability to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will we, marquee or any of our respective affiliates be liable to you (or any third party making claims through you) for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive, exemplary or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damages to reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, unauthorized access to and tampering with your personal information or transmissions, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, unauthorized use, performance or non-performance of this site or the services, even if we have been advised previously of the possibility of such damages and whether such damages arise in contract, quasi-contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law or otherwise. we are not responsible or liable for the criminal, tortious or negligent actions or omissions of third parties that may affect this site. in any event and without limiting the foregoing, our entire liability for all damages of every kind and nature arising out of your use of or interraction wth this site when our liability is proven shall be limited to two hundred fifty ($250.00). the foregoing limitation of liability sets a maximum amount of damages that you may be entitled to recover if you prevail in an arbitration against this site, destination maternity, marquee and/or tefron usa inc. and/or any of their respective affiliates, and is neither intended nor to be construed so as to establish an amount of liquidated damages to which you might be entitled. by accessing and/or interacting with this site you agree that the foregoing limitations of liability and dollar cap on our liability are essential parts of this agreement without which we would not provide the site on the terms set forth herein, or possibly at all. the foregoing limitation of liability includes but is not limited to, any claims for damages arising from or relating to the transmission of any viruses which may infect your equipment, any failure of mechanical or electronic equipment or communication lines, or other interconnection problems (for example, if you cannot access your internet service provider), unauthorized access, theft or operator errors. please note: because some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion of incidental or consequential damages in contracts or agreements such as these terms of use, some of the foregoing terms may not apply to you in the jurisdiction in which you reside. access restrictions; termination we reserve the right to terminate your access to this site or the services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice to you. we also reserve the right to change these terms at any time and from time to time, with or without notice to you, and your continued interaction with this site and/or your continued use of the services after any such change that we make will mean that you have agreed with such changes. in the event that you do not agree to any such change, you are not authorized to access this site or use the services in any manner for any purpose and must not continue to access or use this site. upon any termination of these terms you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this site, as well as all copies of such materials. miscellaneous these terms are the entire agreement between you and us and are intended to be, and constitute a legally binding agreement between us. they supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements between you and us relating to your use of this site or the services. if any part of these terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, it will not affect, limit or invalidate any other provision of these terms, all of which will remain in full force and effect. these terms are governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the state of new york, without regard to any choice of law provisions (including new york’s choice of law provisions). you agree that, with the exception of injunctive relief sought by us for any violation of our proprietary or other rights, any and all disputes relating to these terms, your use of this site or the services shall be resolved exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the then-current rules of jams/endispute, inc. ("jams") before an independent arbitrator designated by the jams. the location of arbitration shall be in new york, new york, usa. all notices to destinationmaternity.com pertaining to these terms of use must be in writing, mailed via the u.s. postal service by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or delivered by a well-recognized overnight u.s. or international carrier, delivered to: destinationmaternity.com attention: chief digital officer 463 7th ave, new york, ny 10018 © destinationmaternity.com, august 2023 store locator contact privacy policy terms of use faq united states be part of our community : twitter instagram × right arrow long enable accessibility accessibility close icon close accessibility widget reset all checked mark statement language english french spanish german italian portuguese chinese japanese arabic hebrew persian adjust font size checked mark font size screen reader checked mark screen reader contrast checked mark contrast inverted low contrast high contrast highlight links checked mark highlight links change cursor checked mark cursor text align text left text right checked mark text align text left text center text right saturation icon checked mark saturation low saturation high saturation grayscale line height checked mark line height letter spacing checked mark letter spacing stop animations checked mark stop animations mute sounds checked mark mute sounds hide image checked mark hide images adjust text colors checked mark reset adjust heading colors checked mark reset adjust background colors checked mark reset powered by codeinspire ↗