来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241214222028/https://destinationmaternity.com/policies/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – destination maternity skip to content menu intimates tops bottoms dresses what’s new best sellers new arrivals about account search close navigation intimates tops bottoms dresses what’s new best sellers new arrivals about account privacy policy welcome to destinationmaternity.com. we know that you care about your information and how we handle it. part of our commitment to supporting you as a customer and member of our community is to be transparent with how we use and share your personal information. this privacy policy describes how we use the data that we collect from you through your use of this website (“site”).  please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information. this site is owned by destination maternity, which is part of maternity ip holdings and the marquee brands llc family of companies (“marquee”) and hosted by tefron usa inc.  unless otherwise noted, for purposes of this policy, “we,” “us,” and “our” shall mean destination maternity. by using the site and our services, you agree to the practices described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not access the site or otherwise use the services. how we collect information about you directly from you you may provide us with personal information in several ways, such as when you: provide information to us via the site; communicate with us by e-mail or phone; join a conversation or comment on someone else’s posting; and participate in a survey or provide feedback to the site. you may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with us or one of our affiliated companies. we and our affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this privacy policy. such personal information also may be combined with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content and advertising. you are not required to provide the personal information that we request, but your choice not to do so may prevent us from providing you with the products or services you request, or to respond fully or at all to your inquiries. information we collect from other sources we work with third parties (for example, technical service providers, promotions companies, advertising networks, and analytics providers) and may receive information about you from them. depending on the relationship and activity, they will provide us with certain information that will help us understand how you interact with destinationmaternity.com so we can tailor our marketing and provide better, more personalized services to you. in some cases, third parties also provide us with information that helps us keep track of transactions, address technical or logistical issues, prevent fraud, or keep our community safe from security threats. we also may receive and display information and content that you make publicly available on your social media accounts when you use social media logins for our services or interact with any of our content (such as contests). we also may receive and display information and content that you make publicly available on your social media account(s), such as when you post using one of our promoted hashtags. information we collect and how we use it personal information source purpose third parties personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, phone number, usernames, or unique online identifiers, including idfa, aaid) directly from you customer support marketing and targeted advertising security and fraud prevention customer service partners analytics services communications with you (such as customer support messages, emails) directly from you customer support partners customer support analytics services technology service providers customer support vendors online activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement) directly from you cookies and similar technologies marketing partners advertising networks third-party data providers direct marketing targeted advertising technology service providers analytics services ad networks inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences marquee third-party data providers marketing sponsors personalization of the site for you direct marketing targeted advertising analytics marquee ad networks marketing sponsors technology service providers analytics companies we may also use the information we have about you: as necessary if we believe there has been a breach of the terms of use or the rights of any third party, or to comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements. we combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you. we use this combined information for the purposes set out above. disclosure of personal information we do share data with third parties, including marquee and the other categories of partners as listed above. some of these disclosures of data may constitute a “sale” of such data under some data privacy laws. accordingly, we offer you the option of opting out of the sale of your personal information, as further set forth below. we may share your personal information with marquee and with selected third parties including: business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you in order to provide you with a product or service; business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors to provide you with information about promotions and offers; advertisers, advertising networks and social networks that require the data to select and deliver relevant advertisements to you and, in some cases, to others. for more information on how we use personal information for targeted advertising, see below; and analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of the services we offer or provide. we may disclose your personal information to third parties: if we enter into negotiations to buy, sell, or merge with any business or assets, or if we enter into bankruptcy, reorganization, or receivership, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective or eventual seller or buyer of such business or assets; if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in the event of an emergency, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of destinationmaternity.com, marquee, our customers, clients, suppliers or others; and to any other third party not covered in this policy with your prior consent. marketing and advertising targeted advertising we use your personal information to tailor our marketing and advertising efforts. to do this, we provide your information to third-party advertising networks (such as google doubleclick) and social media companies (such as facebook). when we provide data to agencies, ad networks, and other parties for targeted advertising, we do not provide them with your name, financial information, or any sensitive information (such as a government id or date of birth, if we have collected that). we use online identifiers such as email, cookie addresses, and device identifiers to help us provide targeted advertising to you and others like you. we also may use aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. we may make use of the personal information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to target audiences. to opt out of targeted advertising, you may use the following links provided by third parties that manage opt outs for some ad networks: https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ https://thenai.org/opt-out/ https://youradchoices.com/ https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners email marketing we also add you to our mailing lists for email communications from us and our partners, including marquee, when you sign up for our mailing lists, purchase our merchandise, or subscribe to our online content. if you provide us with your email address to receive communications, you can opt-out at any time by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of our emails. social sharing you may be able to use social sharing features and other integrated tools on the site such as the facebook "like" button. these features and tools may permit you to share actions you take on our service with other media, and vice versa. your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the service that provides the social sharing feature. please remember, though, that use of the information you share on social media sites will be governed by the privacy policies of the social media provider, and we are not responsible for how they treat the information. you should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of such social media providers if you share information via their social media sites. cookies, etc. as is true of most internet services, we gather some information of your visits to the site automatically and store it in log files. this information includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type and language, internet service provider (isp), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. we use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. we may use this information in our marketing and advertising services we and our third-party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our site. we may combine this information with other personal information that we collect from you (and our third-party service providers may do so on our behalf). cookies.“cookies” are small data files stored on your own computer’s hard drive. we (and our third-party providers) use cookies to facilitate the operation of our site (for example, as part of the account login and checkout features), to personalize the content we display to you, and for analytics, marketing, and advertising purposes. most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. if you choose to reject cookies, certain functions and applications on our site may not work properly. we treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. however, to the extent that internet protocol (ip) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, or with any other non-personal information for the purpose of building a profile of an individual, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this privacy policy. pixel tags. pixel tags (sometimes called web beacons, web bugs or clear gifs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that function similarly to cookies. in contrast to cookies, though, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and not stored on your hard drive. we might use clear gifs to track the activities of users of our sites, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage. we and our third-party service providers also might use clear gifs in html e-mails sent to our customers, to help us track e-mail response rates, to identify when our e-mails are viewed, and to track whether our e-mails are forwarded. third-party analytics. we use automated devices and applications, such as google analytics, (for more information, click here) to evaluate usage of our site, including to determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our site and other websites, and to better understand your online or offline activity. we use these tools to help us improve our site, performance of the site, and user experiences. these third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. we do not share your personal information with these third parties. we do not knowingly collect this information from users with eea (european economic area) ip addresses. do not track some browsers may transmit ‘do-not-track’ signals to the websites with which the user communicates. because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether you intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether you even are aware of them. because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not act in response to these signals. storage, processing and transfer of information we operate the site in the united states. your information will be stored and processed in the united states and may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities or to respond to legal process in the countries in which we operate and/or store your information. children we do not knowingly collect personal information (as defined by the u.s. children’s online privacy protection act) from children who are under 13 years old for any purpose. if we determine that we have collected personal information from a child younger than 13 years of age, we will take reasonable measures to remove that information from our systems. if you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our site. if you are a parent or guardian of a child who is 13-16 years old and using our site, please send us an email at privacyrights@destinationmaternity.com to opt in to allow the collection and use of your child’s personal information, or to request our deletion of any personal information that we may have collected about the child. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this privacy policy by making sure that their children do not provide personal information through our site. opting out of the sale of your personal information we partner with a variety of companies to provide a more robust experience for our users and share personal information used to market additional opportunities to you by these third parties. these transfers can be deemed a “sale” of personal information under some data privacy laws. you may opt out of the sale of your personal information by clicking on the do not sell my personal information link on our site or emailing us at privacyrights@destinationmaternity.com. you will be asked to provide certain information to exercise this option so that we can verify your identity and locate your records with us. please note that your decision to opt out of the sale of your personal information may impact the availability and quality of your experience or ability to interact with the site. your rights some states grant you certain rights and control over your information. those rights may include: information about you: you may ask for us to state what categories of personal information about you we have, and the categories of sources from which we collect your personal information. receive a copy of your data: you may request the categories and specific items of information (if any) that we have about you, the categories of personal information that we have disclosed about you for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information in the previous 12 months. correct your data: you have the right to request that we correct your personal information that we hold where it is incorrect or incomplete. delete your data: you may request that we delete the personal information that we have collected from you, subject to the verification process described below and certain exemptions provided by applicable law. for example, we need to retain certain information in order to provide the services to you, and we would be unable to continue providing the services requested by you if we delete that information. we also may need to retain certain information to comply with applicable law or exercise our legal rights. do-not-sell: you may opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information, as “sale” is defined by data privacy laws. please see above for more information. california; non-discrimination: california law permits california residents who provide us with personal information to request certain information regarding our disclosure of such information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. california law also prohibits discrimination against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. you may have different or additional rights depending on the state in which you reside. note: where certain technologies used by the site rely on your data to provide you with the site, or to allow the intended function of the site, the absence of that data may impact the operation of the site or your experience with it. how to exercise your rights. to exercise any of the above rights, please email us at privacyrights@destinationmaternity.com identifying which rights you seek to exercise. verification process and required information. all requests must be verified. some requests, including receiving a copy of your data or requests made by an agent claiming to be acting on your behalf, are subject to heightened requirements.if we cannot verify your identity based on the information provided, a request for a copy of your data shall be treated as a request for information and if we cannot verify your identity, a request to delete personal information may be treated as a request to opt-out of the sale of personal information. authorized agent. you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. an authorized agent must have written documentation of their authority to act on your behalf, such as a valid and unexpired power of attorney. security we use a variety of administrative, physical, and technology solutions, including engaging with qualified cybersecurity companies, to protect your information from unauthorized access, loss, or misuse. because there is always some risk in transmitting information over the internet and otherwise processing information, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information that you transmit on or through the site or that we otherwise maintain. you can improve the security of your information and any accounts you have with us by creating strong passwords that only you know, closing accounts after you are done using them on shared devices, and not accessing and interacting with the site or any services over unsecured networks. you are solely responsible for any activity that occurs through your account, whether or not you authorized the activity. please notify us immediately if you become aware of unauthorized use of your password or account. links to third-party websites our site, newsletters, email updates and other communications may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of others, including our partner networks, retail partners, advertisers and affiliates. if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. updates we may update this privacy policy from time to time. when we make such changes in a material way, a notice will be posted on the site and on this page, along with the updated privacy policy. use of any information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is used. you are bound by any changes to the privacy policy when you access or interact with the site after such changes have been first posted. please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. if you do not agree or consent to any of such updates or changes, stop and do not continue to use the site. supplemental privacy notice this supplemental privacy notice is provided to comply with the requirements of certain states’  consumer data privacy laws, including those of california, colorado, connecticut, utah and virginia. this supplemental privacy notice only applies to residents of those states and explains what information we collect about you, where and from whom we collect it, why we collect it and your respective state rights related to it. categories of personal information we collect. in the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers: identifiers, such as name, email address, physical address, telephone number, ip address, and login information. internet, electronic network, and device activity and device information and related identifiers, such as information about your interactions with the site and the services, device and advertising identifiers, information about your device hardware and software (as more fully described in the section above, “information we collect and how we use it”). geolocation data, such as your general location inferred from an ip address. legally protected classification information, such as gender and marital status. inferences from some of the above information to create a profile reflecting, for example, your preferences. other information that directly or indirectly identifies you, such as date of birth, account preferences, and information on any publicly available social media profile of yours through which you use the services. sources from which we collect personal information. we collect the categories of personal information listed above (i) directly from you, (ii) automatically from your activities on the site or when interacting with the services or your devices, (iii) our affiliates, and (iv) other parties such as data enrichment services. purposes for collection and disclosure. in the past 12 months, we or our vendors have collected the categories of personal information listed above for the business or commercial purposes listed above in the section, “information we collect and how we use it.” our purposes for using personal information may vary over time based on the circumstances and the nature of the personal information collected. categories of parties with which we share or to which we disclose personal information. in the past 12 months, we or our vendors have disclosed the categories of personal information listed above for a business or commercial purpose to the categories of parties listed above in the “information we collect and how we use it“ section. the parties to whom we disclose or with whom we share personal informationi varies based on the nature of the personal information and the purposes for which we use it. categories of personal information we have “sold” or “shared.” in the past 12 months, we have “sold” and/or “shared” (as such terms are defined in the california consumer privacy act) ip addresses (an “identifier”) and internet, electronic network, and device activity and device information and related identifiers (such as information collected via advertising cookies). we have “sold” these categories of personal information to, and/or “shared” them with, the following categories of parties: advertising providers such as ad networks, analytics providers, customer support vendors and business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors who provide you with information about promotions and offers. we do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under the age of 16. retention. we retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected. these periods vary depending on the nature of the information, your interactions with us, and the purposes for collection. when the purposes for which we processed your information have concluded, we will either permanently delete or destroy the relevant information or anonymize it such that it no longer identifies you. your rights you have the right to: request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information, including: what personal information we collect about you. our business purpose for collecting personal information about you. the types of third parties with whom we share your personal information. the specific items of personal information we collect about you and provide it in a readily usable format. the types of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed your personal information. you have the right to be informed about the personal information we collect about you at or before the time we collect it. you have the right to request that we delete any personal information that we have about you. you have the right to request a correction of any inaccurate information in the personal information we collect about you. you have the right to stop us from sharing your personal information to display advertisements to you based upon your activities, preferences, and interests. if we use your sensitive personal information for purposes other than to render services or offer products to you, you will have the right to request that we limit the processing of your sensitive personal information. you will not be discriminated against or penalized for exercising your rights to your personal information. to exercise your rights, please contact us at privacyrights@destinationmaternity.com contact questions or comments regarding this privacy policy should be emailed to: privacyrights@destinationmaternity.com. © destinationmaternity.com, august 2023 store locator contact privacy policy terms of use faq united states be part of our community : twitter instagram × right arrow long enable accessibility accessibility close icon close accessibility widget reset all checked mark statement language english french spanish german italian portuguese chinese japanese arabic hebrew persian adjust font size checked mark font size screen reader checked mark screen reader contrast checked mark contrast inverted low contrast high contrast highlight links checked mark highlight links change cursor checked mark cursor text align text left text right checked mark text align text left text center text right saturation icon checked mark saturation low saturation high saturation grayscale line height checked mark line height letter spacing checked mark letter spacing stop animations checked mark stop animations mute sounds checked mark mute sounds hide image checked mark hide images adjust text colors checked mark reset adjust heading colors checked mark reset adjust background colors checked mark reset powered by codeinspire ↗