来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091221100053/http://cableorganizer.com/testimonials.html
================================================================================

cableorganizer - testimonials page look strange? please click here or refresh your browser. braided sleeving braided sleeving: homeabrasion resistantblack and colored petbentley harrisflame retardantfiberglass protectivehigh temperature specialty sleevingsside-entry sleevings cable identification cable identification: homewire markerslabel printersid tagsid cable tiesheat shrink labelswrap-around markers cable terminationcable termination: homewiring systemspunchdown toolstermination tool kitskeystone jacks, connectorswallplates, insertsbutt splicescable identificationaccessories cables & wirescables & wires: homeaudio / video cablescat 5e & cat6 cablescoaxial cablesextension cords fiber optic cablesfire alarm cableshdmi cablesnetwork cablesretractable cablesusb and firewire cord coverscord covers: homelight dutymedium dutyheavy dutyada ramps desk outlets desk outlets: homecustomizable desk outletsgrommet style outletpermanent desk outletspop up power outletspower & data outletsremovable desk outlets electricalelectrical: homeconduit, fittingselectrical boxeselectrical outletselectrical switcheselectrical testerselectrical wiringelectrical timers & thermostatselectrician toolsfusesgfciwall plateswire installationwire termination fiber optics fiber optics: homefiber optic cablesfiber optic connectorsfiber optic enclosuresfiber optic testerspanduit fiberrunner®termination kitsmedia converterscleaning products fire protection fire protection: homeabesco fire rated expanding foamcaulks & sealantscaulk gunscomposite sheets, pillows, bricksfirestop devicesfire alarm cable fire tape3m fire barrier duct wrappersonal protection equipmentsmoke alarms heat shrink tubing heat shrink: home2:1 tubing3:1 tubing4:1 tubingconductive heat shrink connectorsdiesel resistant tubingfep. ptfe, pvdf tubingheat shrink connectorsheat shrink gunsheat shrinkable tape high temperatureneoprene heat shrinkpvc, uv reactiveviton heat shrink label printerslabel printers: homebrady label printersbrother p-touchdymo label printersk-sun labelshop printerspanduit printershandheld printersdesktop label makerspersonal label printersreplacement labels, tapeswire markers network productsnetwork: homeconnectors, modulesnetwork cablesnetwork installationnetwork switchesnetwork testingmedia converterspatch panelsswitches server racksserver wire managementwall plateswire identificationwiring systems power / data distributionpower / data: homecharging stationselectrical switcheselectrical outletsextension cordspower/data centerspower stripssurge protectors and suppressorswall platesusb and firewire connectorsgenerators raceway, duct, conduitraceways: homecable, hose carrierscable racewayscable racks / trayscable support systemconduitdesk organizerspanduit fiberrunner®snake tray serieswire duct racks / enclosures racks / enclosures: homeenclosures & cabinetsserver rackscomputer workbenchrackmount shelvesrack fanssecurity lockboxeskvm switchesmedia converterswall mount cabinetswire managementaccessoriesapc pdu and ups test equipmenttest equipment: homeauto test equipmentenergy cost meterselectrical testersfiber optic testershome theater / cctvnetwork testerssensors & scannerstelco / pro testers ties, clips, grommets ties, clips, wraps: homecable tiescable clips, clamps, twist lockscable staples & gunscable wrapsgrommetsvelcro cable tiestapes and adhesives tools & casestools & cases: home benders cable & wire installation cases electrician tools fish tapes hand toolsheat guns & hot kniveshole cuttingpelican casespower toolstelecom tool kitstermination kitstool boxestool bags wire loomwire loom: homebentley-harris convoshieldbulk wire loomsplit wire loomflame retardantflexible nylon wire loomgortrac® nylatrac™ptfe convoluted tubingriser, plenum convoluted shop by brand  >>3mabescoacmealtinexamerican polywateranamet electricalapcarlington industriesbelkinbk precisionblack boxbradybrotherbud industriescabcarloncbichief ic flat panel mountscmdconnectraccantexcooper b-linecooper bussmanncorning cablesdatacomm electronicsdymoericoexcel internationalfederal mogul / bentley harrisfirexfirst alertflatwirefluke networksfsrfurman sound gardner bender gator casesgeneral cablegortracgreat lakesgreenleehellermanntytonhilechoffmanic intracomicmideal industriesigus cable carriersjamesonjdi technologieskendall howardkiddekingfisherklein toolsk-sunkwikpathlevitonlinebackerlsdilutronmegladonmg chemicalsmicrocaremiddle atlanticmillepedemilwaukee toolsmonster cablenelson firestopoelok industriespanduitpelican casesplatinum toolsquest manufacturingrack-a-tiersreelcraftrichcorittalrobertshawschonstedt instrumentssignamaxsnake traysuperior essexstithomas & bettstripletttripp liteupmvancovelcrovmpvutecwatts upwatt stopperwiremoldyellow jacket ziptape corningcorning: homemic riser cablesmic plenum cablesfreedm one plenum and riser cablesfreedm lst gel-free cablesfreedm ribbon riser cablesaltos all-dielectric gel-free cablesunicam multimode connectorsfiber optic termination tool kitssingle panel housingwall-mountable connector housingsdymo dymo: homedymo replacement labelslabel buddylabelmanager 150 printerrhino m1011 metal tape embosserrhinopro 1000 printerrhinopro 5000 printerrhinopro 6000 professional leviton leviton: homeacenti switches, wallplatesconnectors, jacksdecora jacks & insertsfiber optic enclosuresswitchespatch panelsreceptacleswallplates greenleegreenlee: homebenderstest equipmenthole cutterstool boxeswire, cable terminationfishing, pulling, material handlingcomplete product and part list lutronlutron: homeclaro designer wall platesdiva light dimmersmaestro dual application controlsmaestro ir dimmersmaestro digital fade dimmersskylark dimmers & switchesvierti light dimmers panduitpanduit: homecable managerscable ties & clipscables, patch cordscorrugated loom tubingfaceplatesmodules & jackspatch panelsprinters & labelssurface racewayswire duct ordering info factoryoutlet site mapresources home > testimonials here's what our customers have to say about... customer service  |  product quality  |  fast service customer service i am a marine currently deployed to iraq in support of operation iraqi freedom, and recently made a purchase on your website. i am writing to you to inform you that my dealings with your company (first time) and more importantly with your personnel, specifically shaun berg, were above and beyond any level of customer service that have experienced recently. if you read the email chain, you will understand why i would like to bring the actions of your employee to your attention. besides "saving the sale" (at one point you'll notice that i was fine with cancelling the order), shaun was pleasant, proactive, and had no problem taking the extra step to ensure that i was satisfied and taken care of. please ensure that shaun receives the appropriate commendatory recognition that your company would normally provide for service of such caliber, and rest assured that i will consider cableorganizer.com my first source of products from now on, and recommend without hesitation your products and services to my friends and colleagues. thank you, wes krohn as someone who has responsibility for managing a customer service operation, i wanted to let you know of the excellent customer service provide by sean and mildred during problems with my purchase several weeks ago.  first the delivery came without the lift function that was ordered and i had to uncrate the delivery myself on the truck and cart it into my garage.  during that process the driver assisted and soiled the shelves.  additionally another item was backordered but we only found that out after i was in need of the part and it had not been delivered.  in the end they made sure i was treated fairly, got replacement shelves to me timely and got your supplier to provide overnight service to provide a substitute for the backordered part.  they followed up and returned my calls timely.  unfortunately that it is a rarity anymore these days.  as a result of their handling of the problems i will go out of my way to place future orders with cable organizer. scott c. many, many thanks for the sample which is exactly (and unfortunately all i needed). i regret that i am not personally able to put a lot of business your way but you may be sure that i will tell the story of your excellent help (no more these days) with all the folk i meet. hopefully one or two of them will need more of this than i do. again, many thanks. p. simmons northport, fl thanks. i see on the ups site that it's on the way - it's our first time doing business with your company, i didn't really expect a response at all, much less a personal call. i'll definitely remember your company's excellent and personal customer service in the future... jim greenville, sc thank you so very much for the quick response. it's nice to meet others with the same work values as me. have a great day. greg thanks for the great customer service, most other companies wouldn't have told me that [some items were on backorder] until i called them to find out why my order is taking so long. thanks again, k. johnson www.cmountindustries.com thank you very much! i like dealing with you much better than just ordering online. thanks for the great service! j. cochran i just wanted to let you know how much i appreciate the great service. as a network administrator, i make a lot of purchases from many different vendors. it's a great relief to find a source where i can easily find what i need, order quickly and easily, and count on receiving the items in a reasonable amount of time. network glitches, balky servers, and user problems are enough - it's nice not to add procurement hassles to the list. thanks a lot, d. capella thanks for your help. you folks are very good, i just got my original order this morning!!! you guys are great. if there is any place to post my great experience, i will be happy to.. plus i will refer you to others as i am using these screwdrivers to fix pinball machines, and you have exactly what pinheads need! i received the replacement fan today and i am very, very impressed with the high level of service i have received from you and your company. many thanks. take care. d. winters thanks for the prompt response re order delivery. order 73033 this was a very small order (under $20.) and yet a rep took the time to contact me by telephone. impressive service. fyi-usps did, at last, deliver my order--shipped 10/12 and delivered 10/25. not good but certainly not your fault. thanks. m. sebastian i just recently returned from iraq and found out that the people at pimprig.com have built a pc for me and you have donated a cable sleeving. i would like to thank you personally for the donation and look forward to many hours on the rig. j. darnell hello, this is just a quick note to let you know that i have received my order 59767 and i am very please with your service.  i hope we get the chance to do business again. ron mark, just wanted to write and say thanks for the outstanding service you provided me on the phone. honestly, i could "hear" your smile in your conversation! i have to admit. i wish i were in florida, instead of texas! i hope to do business with you people again! if ever in san antonio, gimmie a holler!!!!!! r. bonds, msgt, usaf ncoic, speech and audiology i received my order over the weekend; thanks for a great product and a pleasant transaction. you guys look like you do a great job, congrats! e. lee i want you to know how impressed i was with rafael's assistance and resolution of a problem with a defective product from a previous order. this was the main factor in my decision to give you my further business and order these tapes from you. i have found vendors that may be $1 or 2 cheaper on each cassette, but the excellent service you provide and standing behind your product so well it is worth a little extra to me. keep up the good work and thanks again. it is a pleasant surprise these days to find a company that offers such good customer service. we are a small emergency services consulting company that does some hardware installation work from time to time. we do not go through a lot of volume on these supplies, but i assure you your website will be my first stop whenever we do need something. k. davidson your web site is easy to use and your service is fantastic. my order arrived quickly and in perfect condition. thank you. j. winfield portland, or maintaining both a large fleet of vehicles and an interagency computer network is a constant challenge. i was very impressed with the service and speed of delivery that we received from cableorganizer.com. the sales person was polite, efficient and followed up with us both before and after the sale. i would definitely feel comfortable ordering from cableorganizer.comin the future for both my professional and personal needs. t. brady cherry hill, nj your "one-on-one" customer support is an excellent approach! much better than the anonymous emails i get from other online vendors. rest assured, you've just gained another loyal customer. best wishes, tito wow, what incredible service !! it sure makes it a pleasure doing business with your firm, when receiving service like this. thanks, steve i just received the spool from fed-ex. thanks again for your help and follow-ups. it is perfect for what we need. thanks again, b. fried brevard community college order received today, everything as expected. thanks for taking the time to call about the backordered item. i am very pleased with this transaction and highly recommend cableorganizer.com. i will be sure to let all my "modding" friends know about you. take care, k. vaughn i was very impressed with this cable organizer! i had doubts about it being able to organize my mess, but it did! i could also easily cut it to spit it in two! i had a problem with the shipping, somehow the package was delivered to the wrong address which was the usps company's fault, but the cable organizer company worked with me and told me i could pick up another one if i didn't get the original one! that is what i call customer service. fortunately, i found the package at my neighbor's apt; but its was good to know they would've replaced it if it got lost! great service! julio z. fort lauderdale, fl hi fernando, no need to apologize. i totally understand that this is not the fault of yourself or your company but is down to the incompetence of the postal service. i am stunned that you are prepared to ship out a new order when this is clearly not your fault. this has to be the best customer service in the world! if the original parcel should be delivered to me, please trust that i will return it to you immediately. once again, i am utterly amazed at your kindness and understanding and i cannot thank you enough. regards, jamie here's what our customers have to say about product quality i just ordered and received your velcro cable wrap. just had to tell that they are so much better than the plastice type. there really is no comparison. and the shipping was excellent. thank you! david hi. i just wanted to say that the goods arrived much faster than i expected, and were much higher quality than i expected. can't beat that. thanks, jim thanks for the follow up, i've attached a couple of images.  the wire solution took some time to arrive from cableorganizer but it arrived in good shape with detailed instructions, hardware and the paintbrush.  the installation was straightforward and quick with a few hand tools.  i'm super impressed with the clean look and definitely feel like it was well worth it.  we had a superbowl party yesterday and everyone commented on how great the installation looks (mounted the tv myself as well). thanks again for all of your help. view my photo here ben z. i received your shipment today. it is exactly what i needed. thanks! you guys have a fantastic website. the specifications page helped me to find the precise grommet i needed, after searching at several electrical supply and home depot type stores with no luck! home depot only carries grommets up to 3/4" id in their electrical dept. you really came through for me! my 4 grommets are being installed in an unusual location around 1" the clear plexiglass grab handles in my spa! they work perfectly. i will send you pictures in about two weeks. i need to make the openings just a little larger to account for the slightly larger od than the originals. d. singleton hello, i wanted to tell you that my ordered arrived today. arrived in great shape and it even works, how lucky can i get? ha ha thanks for your help in this matter. god bless. b.melson i received today my loom cables and i’m very happy, there are fantastic and i’m going to put them in my motorcycle when the rain stop. i told my friends and also my motorcycle concessionary about your product because it's not easy to find that tube for a motorcycle and you have so many other items to sell. you should send me some business cards so i can give some to my motorcycle association and my friend. thanks again and sorry, my english is not perfect. j. bourget thank you for an easy way to order hard to find items. i tried to find clear shirk wrap at 5 local electronics stores to no avail, radio shack had none and every web search over a three hour period was futile. then i was lucky enough to find your company. in addition to having an easy to use web interface, your product line was very comprehensive and extremely economical. the variety of shipping options was also very helpful, as well as the online ordering capability. thanks again. g. dillingham mgr, distance learning services university of north carolina asheville hi there, i would just like to send you a pic of my nissan 300zx tt engine bay that i have used your convoshield "chrome convulating" cable covers on. i hope you like what i have done, if you like you can put the pictures on your site as an example of your excellent product............cheerz ... click here to view pictures v. pykett hello, i just got my shipment today. i ordered 6 ft of the beige light capacity cord cover for my speaker wires. wow!!! it looks perfect. i was not able to find anything like this in the local stores. i found you through a search engine. when i got to your site, i knew i had hit the jackpot. the site is laid out well, with tons of information. if i ever have any needs for wire hiding again, this is where i will come. p. s. thanks for the prompt shipment to. sincerely, r. beistel i just want to let you know i enjoyed the overall experience of buying items from you site. i ran into your site when i was using apple's sherlock in os x. i was searching for buying solutions for organizing networking cables, phone cables, etc. i never had the time to make wiring schemes look professional, until now, since our company has adopted a workplace environment program. i knew there were solutions out there, but was not sure what in this day and age. your site was very useful on introducing me to all of what's out there. as soon as i found the cableorganizer.com link, i got excited (how much more to the point can you get), i knew that this was the site i was looking for. other computer web places were just too broad, and information was lacking, not to mention the pictures were very poor in describing their products. thanks again for the site, and making my life a lot easier. j. mehlhorn matthews international corporation pittsburgh bronze division (graphics) hi cableorganizer.com, when i first saw your loom tool i thought it was the biggest gimmick and a waste of money. i had to prove to myself i was right so i bought one. wow this little gadget saved me time and fingers. i installed nearly 125 feet on 11 different cable runs in under 20 minutes. yes people under 20 minutes. this tool is a must for installers whether pro or diy. great gadget and at the given price it is a steal. i was not happy spending the $8 for the tool but after using it i would gladly pay double that. your delivery was fast. i have been passing your web site along to fellow hters in the klispch and avforum forums. thank you so much s. carroll holden, ma i recently finished my basement and put my office down there. unfortunately, i didn't plan right and put my cable outlet, my telephone box, and my electrical outlet on the wall, far away from my corner desk. since the walls were white and the floor tile peach, i didn't want a black wire cover, which was all i could find at the local stores. that's when i went on google.com and searched for you. i was very lucky to find you! the seven foot white wire loom was exactly what i needed. i have pictures showing how messy the wires were before and then how neat it looks after installation. [click here to view pictures] l. bragin westhampton, ny excellent. i wanted to comment on what a great site you have as well. besides good pricing (always a plus) the interface is intuitive, and very educational as well. it is good to see companies like yours making web content much easier to navigate and use for purchase comparison. i have to tell you the ease of use, and the thorough explanation of benefits for the products is what made the sale for me. i look forward to doing plenty of business with you guys in the future. e. alderman systems programmer i was very happy with my order from cableorganizer.com the ordering process was quick secure and convenient, i received my order in about 3 days and i am very pleased with the quality of the product. i would recommend cableorganizer.com to anyone with cable organizing needs. e. sherwood network engineer federal aviation administration i found exactly what i was looking for from cableorganizer.com after several attempts to find the same thing in stores specializing in organizing. the online experience was so easy and convenient but mostly the cable organizing product was great. it's really nice to be able to do online and find the perfect item. sandra b. new york, ny this is my second order! i love your cable turtles, these things are great! e. jacobsen metavante corporation i have made two orders now on the cableorganizer.com and they have both been delivered as promised and on-time. the products are top quality and my diy speaker cables look as if they were professionally made!! p. barker marietta, ga my home theater setup has never looked as professional as it does since your help in choosing your wire loom products. a fantastic company to deal with helpful and courteous, with fast delivery a must for all your cable organization needs. thank you, c. sansone staten island, ny i'm planning to order another cable tamer, as i am so satisfied with the one i previously ordered. the wires now look so neat next to my tv. now i would like to organize my wires near my computer system. m.f. orlando, fl easy online ordering, quick service, excellence product, no more cable mess! mark w. milford, ct my name is leslie a. and i just moved into a new house. i was so excited when i found the cableorganizer.com web site and in just a few days the cable mess was all organized! the site was easy to maneuver through and easy to check out, but best of all it only took a few days for the product to arrive! i love it! thanks! leslie a carmel, in my name is todd henry and i purchased 300 ft. of bulk split tubing (black) from cableorganizer.com on behalf of zachary gregg, president, ceo of international office suites. international office suites provides single and multi-office space nurturing the demands of today's high-tech business world. the primary reason for the purchase was for our "surf center" area. in this area, there are approximately 8 - 10 computers that people can use for any number of reasons, email, research or business just to name a few. we found the tangled computer wires to be unsightly and a major distraction to the overall presentation of the office. we even had a few complaints from people getting their feet tangled in the heap of wires under the desks. not only were they concerned for their safety but for the safety of the computer equipment as well. my experience with cableorganizer.com has been fabulous. not only have i purchased products for the corporate office but for my home as well. the shipping was fast, the products were delivered as promised, and the overall online transaction was not only efficient but secure. since the installation of the split tubing, we have gotten many compliments on the presentation and cleanliness of the room and its equipment. numerous people have asked us about the cable management product we purchased and without any hesitation we tell them simply cableorganizer.com. t. henry web designer & developer / it support portsmouth, nh 03801 hello cable organizer folks: i just completed my first order with you, and i am very pleased. things under my desk are a lot neater now. i'd recommend your site to anyone. nice job, and thanks for being here. cheers and happy holidays to all of you. tom nyc i ordered some expandable wire sheathing to cover up all the ugly power wires in my computer after i put in a window. now everything looks neat and tidy. fast delivery and good product. thanks! you can see some pics of what i used it for on my website. i. souter manilla, ia here's what our customers have to say about fast service dear sir / madam, today, i received the captioned order in good condition, four (4) working days from order date. i am impressed. thanks & sincere regards yeo teck yeow singapore i placed an order last week, got a call the next day to say one item was on back order. i asked for a suitable replacement and was given one and i got a delivery date of 4/23/2007. i worked around these parts over the weekend (i'm rewiring a hot rod) and sure enough on monday the 23rd the parts showed up. great products, great service, and on time delivery. what else is there? dennis from livonia, mi. thank you for your speedy service. i ordered these grommet's on monday evening and they arrived on friday morning, all the way from florida to united kingdom. thanks again for a speedy service. j. nettelfield, uk just a quick note to say thanks for the great service when i placed an order last week for a cable caster. i got an email stating it was shipped and the next day it arrived. absolutely fantastic. jim c. i received the grommets today in great shape. thank you for the speed. richard grand forks, nd thank you for your impeccable service and faster than promised shipping! we will definitely keep you in mind for our future needs. l. pitej arrived safely in budapest. thanks for the quick service. p. m. gant hello! i just received order number: 52211. i want to say thanks for the great product, great price and super-fast shipping! you have a very squared away business. d. brown glendale, az i read about the cable turtles in "she" magazine. they came very quickly and i was so pleased with them thought that i would send for three more as a birthday present for a friend. i placed the second order on friday 31 march and was delighted to receive them the following tuesday 4 april - in good time for my friend's birthday. thank you for your prompt and efficient service m. purves your product arrived this evening - there was a knock on the door as we were sitting down for dinner. it arrived on time (4 days) and is exactly what i required and expected. fantastic. thanks! thanks for your excellent efficiency and for delivering the product exactly as specified.  ordering over the internet from another country (sydney, australia) does not always produce this result, so i do appreciate it. kind regards. g. klement received everything today ! well packaged and speedy delivery - great merchandise! thank you very much and i'll recommend your business. seasons greetings from belgium. g. maes thank you for the fast shipment of the releasable cable ties. i ordered them on a friday and they arrived here the following monday. the ties fully meet our expectations: they are easy to close, they lock securely, and are easy to release even by those of us who are "all thumbs". keep up the great work! sincerely, j. neidle thank you so much for correcting the order and such fast delivery. i got it today and the color was perfect. thanks again for great service and product. when i was looking for the 1" split loom i couldn't find it any where. here in pa. the popular parts houses are auto zone, advanced auto, a&a auto and pep boys. the didn't have any idea where i could find the 1" it works great for covering air conditioning and heater hoses all those places i mentioned have up to 3/4" which isn't big enough. i don't know if it's possible to supply them with your cable. also their matching cable ties don't match. i did the engine compartment on my 36 buick street rod and it really looks sharp. thanks g. souder i just wanted to say that you have the fastest service that i have ever used when ordering from the internet. 2 days. can't beat that. thanks. t.szymansky it's wonderful to receive an item on the date it was to be shipped. i really needed these, after having ruined the other pair by trying to cut something with them that i shouldn't have. i knew better, but often learn things the hard way. thanks for your wonderful service. i appreciate it. j. shaw hello, this is just a quick note to let you know that i have received my order 59767 and i am very please with your service.  i hope we get the chance to do business again. ron you guys rock!! i didn't believe shipping could be done in such a small amount of time but you just showed me how amazing you are!! my wire loom arrived here and i'm so impressed with your service that i'll recommend you to anyone who asks about my mod & the components used. i will be taking some pics of my newly remodeled pc and when some of our customers request mods for their newly build pc's we will be happy to order from you again!! this looks like the start of a beautiful relationship! thanks again!! keep up the excellent job!!your super-satisfied customers & new friends: m. & d. fitzgerald.midnight cat enterprises i'd just like to tell you how much i have enjoyed your web site. it's easy to use. the information you give about your products is clear and concise. it makes it very easy to chose what would best suit my cabling needs. it is very well done and extremely easy to use. maybe too easy! (look at my last order!)anyway, i'm very happy to have found you. my house is going to look much neater due to your ease of shopping, and you are also going to protect the life of one of my cats, who tends to find it funny to chew on cable. i have fully expected to return home to find him electrocuted, and this should prevent that from happening very nicely. you should add that into you web site somehow. lots of dogs and cats find cable chewing amusing...and deadly. thanks again, and i'm sure i'll be returning for something i forgot. :) i will be recommending you to my husband. (we own two businesses and have network cable running all over the place. when you have a business like welding and fabrication, well, you get the picture. your metal covers would do very well there.a. skalski i just wanted to let you know how pleased i am with your site. after almost ordering from sites that charge way higher prices (around 10x!) my friend stumbled here and we both ordered immediately. shipping was cheap, and very fast. keep up the great work! w. larsen i had a great first time experience with cableorganizer.com. i coordinate trade show operations and discovered that i needed some cable covers at the last minute. i shopped around online and in person at several stores. i chose cableorganizer.com based on price and they had exactly what i needed. the service was fast, efficient and they had excellent follow up. i was very impressed and will definitely use them again. additionally, the web site was easy to use and secure. this is very important to me.thanks, d. palomo granite bay, ca great service. great prices. keep it up! w.h. alderman pound ridge, ny i am an electronics nut, much to my husband's dismay. all the gadgets and equipment require those pesky electrical and cable cords. we live in an apartment where we have no say about where the outlets are. that left us with quite a dilemma. your cable organizers solved it! what i like best about the organizer is its adaptability. for instance, we have to run many cords to one multiple outlet. right in the middle of the room, i have a hepa filter air cleaner. i set the machine right next to the organizer and just threaded the cord in at the middle. what a nice product. thanks for your help. l. brown san francisco, ca cableorganizer.com was in supply of what i had demand for. they were fast in delivering what i needed before schedule. their site was easy to navigate with clear pictures and descriptions of the products that i was looking for. in the future, i will definitely be using cableorganizer.com. jason k.washington, dc i ordered my cable organizer online and it was shipped within 2 days as promised and everything arrived on time and in perfect condition! it was nice not to have to "check up" on the order to make sure everything was processed correctly. i love my cable hider, it was just what the wife wanted !thanks for a great service.d. mattison cary, nc i am writing to let you know that you have a wonderful product and that it answered my prayers beautifully. i just purchased a new range rover and had mounted my cell phone and radar detector where i wanted them to be. the problem -- how to organize and lead the cables from the power source (cigar lighter) to the designated position of each unit? i tried clips from my local hardware store and from radio shack. all seemed fine until about three hours later when all the clips let go! the cheap spongy adhesive on their backs would not hold at all. then i ordered yours, thinking that someone in the business of securing stuff would make a quality product. it has now been over a week and even under load, the cable clips i got from you are holding fantastically! i will certainly recommend you to my friends who have the same problem. regards, j. willissaunderstown, ri i have placed one order with cableorganizer.com. the order was processed quickly and i received exactly what i ordered. i would not hesitate to order from cableorganizer.com again. robert r. stockton ca i was a bit unsure ordering from a smaller company such as yours, however for the prices you were offering it was tough to pass it up. not only did my order arrive complete, it was days earlier than expected! i plan on doing further business with you and your company in the future. thanks again,p. dorsiking of prussia, pa our multi-office agency has recently been "selected" for random inspections by osha. one items that was repeatedly sited was the problem of cords causing a safety issue. i ordered your product to resolve this issue and have found that the split flex tubing and velcro® brand wraps solved the safety issue. i was completely satisfied with the price, prompt delivery and ability to pay safely with a credit card. thanks for you help with my problem. r. scott fort dodge ia i had a positive experience with cableorganizer.com. the order was processed, shipped and received in a timely fashion. the product is very high quality and i would shop at cableorganizer.com again. s. mayernew york, ny i experienced very fast and courteous service. my items arrived in just 2 days. the installation tool works like a dream and cut our production time by 70%! i will be looking to them in the future as new projects come in. m. buongirnowallingford, ct i had a positive experience shopping at cableorganizer.com. after trying to find the proper item to organize my stereo cables locally, i gave up and decided to shop online. i did a search in yahoo and came up with your site. finding the item online was quite easy and shipping was very prompt. the wire loom tool made organizing my cables a no hassle task. thanks again, mario c.south amboy, nj the braided sleeving i ordered is wonderful at a very low price and reasonable shipping. it makes my computer's wiring look polished and professional for my modem computer case. k. astlelake havasu city, az "...my computer corner has never been so organised.you have a quality product at a very reasonable price, i appreciated your prompt shipment." j. k. gorley, las vegas, nm. can we improve something on this page? can this page be improved? is the information complete and easy to understand? we are always looking to improve our website, so please feel free to give us your comments, suggestions, or questions. thanks for helping us serve you better! note : if you would like us to reply, please include an e-mail or phone number. type your suggestions here shop with confidence•money-back guaranteereturn policy•100% secure ordering •fast shipping within two business days. •no minimum quantities on any order! learning center articles blogs: product showcase, osha safety standards how-to corner instructional videos view glossaries, product references what customers are saying "thank you for your impeccable service and faster than promised shipping! we will definitely keep you in mind for our future needs...." l. pitej view testimonials companysite directory press room about us privacy policy career customer servicecontact us customer supportreturn policy gsa ordering infointernational shipping faq request a quote my account infopurchase orders & accounts setting up an account track your order onlineget a copy of my invoicehow do i order catalogs? sign up for newsletter most popular linkssale & clearanceview all brandswire loomheat shrink tubingcable racewaynetwork cable testerpopular searches cableorganizer.com, inc.5610 nw 12th ave, suite 214fort lauderdale, fl 33309toll free (866) 222-0030local (954) 861-2000fax (954) 861-2001email us: click herecableorganizer® is a registered trademark of the cableorganizer.com, inc. company. all rights reserved. copyright © 2002 - 2009 cableorganizer.com, inc. all rights reserved home | support | about us | contact us my account | testimonials | email deals sign up print page email page bookmark view cart gsa / government gsa ordering info woman owned business computing case modding and lan parties desk organization extraction tools wire management wireless networking office behind-the-desk cable identification power distribution top-of-desk under-the-desk networking network installation network testing wire and cables media converters network switches server system management server wire management wiring systems wire identification auto body shop supplies electrical insulation jumper cables, battery straps power inverters protecting wires, hoses, cables industrial ada compliance cord & hose protection hose, wire, cable carriers wire management home theater a/v cables audio/video connectors extenders switches, splitters a/v wall plates slide out racks projection screens, tv concealment wire management, concealment