来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091221100053/http://cableorganizer.com/product-showcase/
================================================================================

product showcase product showcase our favorite products highlighted, one day at a time. rss feedcomments have a question? call us toll free : 1 (866) 222-0030 home about office storage grommets december 9, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: cable ties, clips and grommets, desk cable organizers thanks to an article i just finished writing, i’ve been pretty zoned in on desk grommets lately, and i have to say that for something with so simple a purpose (protecting computer cables and phone wires as they pass through the routing hole in your desktop), there are a ton of choices out there. i’m serious – you’d really be surprised. now, i don’t know what you look for in a grommet, but as for my favorite, i’d have to say that, for the moment at least, i’m most partial to the office storage variety. this decisive personal grommet ranking came about only this morning, after i arrived at the office and promptly unloaded my cell phone, its charger, breakfast, a bottle of water, my computer glasses and spare change for a possible afternoon pick-me-up soda onto the piles of trade publications, mail, and scribbled notes that i left behind on my desk during last evening’s hasty departure. sigh. add to that the fact that i’ve already rolled my desk chair (with me in it) over my poor charger cord twice this morning, and you’ll probably understand why right now, i wouldn’t exactly mind having an organizational desk grommet at my service. i’m not so optimistic to actually believe that any office storage grommet could make the all-consuming paper pile holding court on my desk disappear, but it would help out with the sticky page flags, post-it pads and scads of felt-tip pens that litter my desk from 9 to 5. and my cell phone charger cord probably wouldn’t be feeling quite so bruised at the moment if i had been able to route it directly through my work surface instead of letting it languish dangerously close to my office chair wheels as it took the long way from the under-desk pdu to my desktop. alas, my desk is made of glass that’s free from ready-made grommet holes, so i’ll have to wait on this one. but rest assured that if i could install an office storage grommet, i would – in a heartbeat. until the day comes when i’m in a situation where i can use one myself, i’ll just have to live vicariously through the happy reviews that i continue to read from people who think this is the best five-spot they’ve ever spent. tags: desk grommets, desk organizer, desk organizing grommet, office storage grommet gardner bender electrician’s screw kit december 8, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: electrical i’ve never really thought about it much before now, but electricians must go through an awful lot of screws. you always think about electrical supplies in terms of receptacles, outlet boxes, faceplates, switches, and all of those other things that we interact with in our homes on a daily basis. but the fact of the matter is, they’d all just be littering the ground and doing absolutely nothing useful if they weren’t held in place by screws. this electrical supply epiphany was brought to me courtesy of gardner bender, when i recently took a gander at their electrician’s screw kits. a box of screws may not sound like anything special, but these are actually really helpful from the electrician’s standpoint, or so i would imagine. the first great thing about the screw kits is that they contain all of the most commonly-used electrical screws out there, so you always have the essentials on hand when the need arises. second, everything comes packed in a neat, compartmentalized box that you can drop right into a tool box or bag. i really like that because the alternative always drives me crazy – ever bought small pieces of hardware that come in blister packs or sealed plastic bags? as soon as you separate the blister from the cardboard backing or poke a hole through the plastic, the game is up. unless you plan on using every piece, which is never the case, you have a storage nightmare on your hands – parts inevitably fall out of their compromised packages and end up rolling around in the bottom of a junk drawer or tool box. i mean, you might as well just throw them away. happily, there’s no such frustration with these well-thought-out kits. and then there’s my favorite feature: the pre-painted screws that come in colors to match your wall plates. nothing fancy – i just get a kick out of them because i like little details like that. they come in white, ivory, and almond, so unless you’ve gone custom-order on those wall plates and have a color that defies the confines of everyday neutrals, you’ll have ready-matched screws on hand for just about any basic faceplate replacement. tags: electrical screw assortment, electrician's screw kits, gardner bender, gardner bender electrical screws liquid electrical tape december 2, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: adhesives, electrical late-breaking hot product news flash! i wasn’t planning on blogging today, but a new product came across my desk just a little while ago, and seeing as how its coolness is undeniable, i thought i’d put it right out there. ever heard of liquid electrical tape? gardner bender’s liquid electrical tape is exactly what it sounds like: a liquid compound that’s applied to wires, and then dries/cures into a flexible, insulative seal that looks and feels remarkably like, well… electrical tape. if you’re wondering what the whole application process involves, there’s not much to tell (but that’s a good thing). liquid electrical tape comes in the kind of jar that reminds you of the rubber cement you used in elementary school art class. you know, the kind with a screw-on lid that has a built-in brush. just untwist the cap, and brush that stuff right onto the wire or component in need of insulation. happily, one rubber cement characteristic that liquid tape does not share is that classic (ahem) ummmm…. snotty (?) consistency (please pardon the indelicacy). just trying to paint a complete picture. but i digress. the important thing here is that liquid electrical tape goes on easily and then proceeds to dry really quickly, so you won’t have to do much waiting around before you can finish your project. and if you’re wondering why on earth someone would want to buy a jar of electrical tape when they already have a couple of perfectly good rolls of it in their miscellaneous fix-it drawer, here’s your answer: it’s great for coating awkward shapes that wouldn’t readily take to being wrapped in tape. it’s even good for outdoor use. tags: gardner bender, liquid electrical tape, liquid tape smart strip surge protectors december 1, 2009 by christina hansen · 1 commentfiled under: power and data ditribution, energy conservation every once in a while, i’ll have one of those “wait – i haven’t blogged about that yet?” moments, and it just so happens that one of these epiphanies hit me only a couple of minutes ago. in all my research and writing about energy-conserving products, one topic that keeps popping up is vampire electronics. ever heard of them? they’re the electronic devices (usually peripherals) that keep right on consuming power even when they’re technically “off.” case in point: cofee makers with digital displays, computer printers, dvd players, you name it. any machine or gadget that has an always-running digital display or led indicator light qualifies as a vampire electronic, and these deceptively benign-looking rascals really know how to run up a utility bill. with vampire electronics, up to 40% of the total power drawn can be consumed while they’re inactive, so it goes to reason that if you cut the flow of electricity during their respective downtimes, they won’t be such a drain on your wallet. yet somehow, the thought of making daily unplug rounds seems a tad unreasonable. here’s how to take care of the power-cutting dirty work in your home or office without ever giving it a second thought: get a smart strip power-saving surge protector. they don’t call it “smart” for nothing. the smart strip takes care of all of the standard surge protector responsibilities (like diverting excess current from power surges away from your sensitive electronics), but also has a “brain” of sorts that knows when to shut things down. it works like this: on each smart strip, there are two types of outlets: primary (blue) and secondary (red). remember how i mentioned before that many vampire electronics are peripherals, which act as accessories to bigger devices? you just plug the main event (like a computer of television) into the primary outlet, then use the secondary outlets to power peripherals like scanners, printers, dvd players, and gaming systems. the magic happens when you turn your computer or tv off; as soon as that happens, the smart strip senses that the peripherals attached to it no longer need to be running, and automatically cuts power to them. when you decide to fire things up again later, the smart strip will instantly restore power where it’s needed. that’s what i’m talking about. but what do you if you want to leave certain devices on all the time, without worrying about them being shut off? no problem. the smart strip also has a few standard, non-switched outlets for 24/7 electrical needs. tags: energy conserving power strips, power saving surge protectors, smart power strips, smart strip surge protectors, smart surge protectors, vampire electronics firefly led illuminated cable protector november 30, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: cord covers thanksgiving is over, christmas fast approaches, and everywhere you turn, you’ll see red, green, and twinkling lights. it’s a wreath! it’s a christmas tree! it’s a… firefly® cord protector??? yes, that’s right – while adjectives like “red,” “green,” and “twinkly” usually bring to mind objects of yuletide cheer (to most normal people, at least), we cord covering nerds at cableorganizer.com hear those three descriptors in combination and tend to think of one of our newest cable protectors: the aforementioned firefly®. now, before i start babbling on about its attributes, let me set one thing straight: the firefly, despite its red and green and lights, is nowhere near as pretty as the wreath or christmas tree that i just mentioned – or even the insect that it’s named after, for that matter. but you can take comfort in the fact that its looks are intentionally quirky, and for one of the best reasons out there: safety. i should probably explain. firefly® illuminated cable protectors are designed for low-light environments, where a run-of-the-mill cord cover just wouldn’t be easy enough to see. that neon-green cover? sure, it’s not a color that many of us would normally gravitate toward, but it turns out that green is the most visible color to the human eye, so that makes it a great pick. and those animated red leds? they just scream “look at me” – and that’s the point. after all, you’re trying to keep people from tripping in clubs, concert venues, and other dark places where a trip-and-fall accident would completely wreck an otherwise good time. but fireflies aren’t just good for warning pedestrian traffic of they’re presence – they’re also great at catching the eyes of drivers who need to maneuver their vehicles over them. that’s a really nice feature, considering that it’s not too pleasant, or safe, to unwittingly charge a cable protector at high speed (buckle your seat belt). a visible warning and adequate time to slow down are definitely nice things to have. tags: concert venue cable covers, cord covers for low-light environments, firefly cable protectors, high-visibility cord covers, led cable protectors gardner bender duct seal compound november 25, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: electrical, raceway, duct and conduit, tools and cases a few months back, my sister put together a birthday care package for me, and while she was shopping for fun little treats, she came across one of my personal childhood favorites, silly putty. needless to say, it made the cut, and i got a huge kick out of finding it in my box o’ fun. incidentally, i had an even better time when i plopped down on the middle of the couch and sat, indian-style, for a good 15 or 20 minutes, blowing off stress by stretching, sculpting, and snapping the stretchy stuff in a state of blissful oblivion. in addition to causing my husband to question my sanity (but that’s beside the point), the experience seems to have reawakened my love of things you can squish, which leads me to wonder if that’s why i’ve lately been drawn to putty-like products such as, oh, i don’t know, duct seal compound from gardner bender. i just found out about this stuff a few days ago, and i think it’s pretty neat. the actual purpose of gardner bender sealing compound is very basic, but important: it lets you seal seams and gaps in electrical boxes, conduit, duct work and cable trays so that dust and other contaminants can’t weasel their way inside and start causing problems. what makes it interesting is that it’s got a putty-ish texture, and because of that, you can just work it into place with your bare hands, no tools or gloves needed. but here’s the kicker: it never actually dries or hardens. you can remove, reinstall, or modify it at any time, because like my old pal silly putty, it never sets up or becomes unworkable. something else cool: despite the duct seal compound’s eternal flexibility, you can still do things like paint over it – no waiting period necessary. and beyond that, it’s safe to handle, is fda and usda approved for use in food prep and processing areas, and comes in 1 or 5 lb packages, so you’re not committed to a huge supply if you don’t need it. tags: duct seal compound, duct sealant, duct sealing compound, gardner bender, sealing putty for ducts the stevie awards november 23, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: network products, uncategorized i know it isn’t my usual bag, but today i’m going to shake things up a bit and talk about a recent experience rather than a product.  did you know that cableorganizer.com is a woman-owned business? on friday, november 13th, our president and ceo, valerie holstein, was up for a stevie award for women in business (for best entreprneur), and since she wasn’t able to travel to the awards ceremony, i got to go to manhattan in her place. not too shabby. both the stevie awards ceremony and accommodations were at the justifiably-famous marriott marquis, just off of times square. i remember the first time i stepped in there as a kid, during an nyc outing with my dad (i grew up about an hour away). we rode the glass elevators for a few minutes (popping ears!) and then went on our merry way, but the place was so unlike any hotel i had ever seen that i never forgot it. fast-forward 20 years, and i finally got to check in for an actual stay. i have to say, times square itself seemed gaudier and more grotesque than ever, but it’s pretty sweet to stand in a silent, well-appointed hotel room looking down at the theater district from 37 floors up. well done, marriott marquis. well done indeed! being that i was attending the dinner stag (can you say that if you’re a woman?), i was a little nervous about striking up conversation with my mystery dinner companions, but needn’t have been at all. i end up sitting between a very friendly pr rep for cargo cosmetics (with whom i enjoyed lighthearted chatter about makeup, sushi joints, and our mutual annoyance with poor e-mail grammar), and a very lovely and comfortable-to-converse-with couple, susan and scott,  who were not only the heroic parents of 5-year-old triplets, but also in high hopes of susan walking away with a much-deserved blog of the year award. at the end of the night, neither susan nor i got to take the stage and accept a stevie award in our respective categories, but i did find out that not only were she and her husband based in florida (like cableorganizer), but that scott had actually formerly been in it, and had blogged about what a terrific source cableorganizer.com was for network equipment. that’s still a win in a my book, and just goes to show that even in the big apple, it’s still a small world after all. tags: manhattan, marriott marquis nyc, stevie award, stevie awards 2009, stevie awards for women in business one-click fiber optic connector cleaner november 17, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: fiber optics, tools and cases can someone please explain to me why i always seem to find fiber optic cleaning supplies so fascinating? while i have a very decent understanding of the fiber cleaning and termination processes, they’re by no means tasks that i carry out on a daily basis, so why do i tend to stop and say “ooooh!” every time an innovative new fiber cleaner happens to come my way? it’s probably a mystery better left unsolved, but it comes in handy nonetheless – if i weren’t a big enough cable nerd to find these things cool, i’d never be able to yack on about them to you. so, without any further ado, let’s get down to today’s latest and greatest. the afl telecommunications one-click cleaner captured my fancy just yesterday, mostly because its convenience and portability factors are through the roof - it’s basically a pen-shaped cleaning tool for fiber optic connectors and adapters, and to be quite honest, it reminds me of those one-touch blood glucose meters that one always sees tv commercials for. now, the one-click won’t do anything to help monitor your blood sugar levels, but it does have a design that’s compact, all-inclusive, and intended for multiple uses (500, to be exact!) – just like the portable blood sugar testers. but the nice thing about the one-click is that it doesn’t involve sticking your fingers (phew). so, as for how it works – it’s very easy really. one of the chief charms of the one-touch connector cleaner is that it has no need at all for things like isopropyl alcohol or cleaning solutions – instead, it relies on a self-forwarding cleaning tape to take care of the so-called dirty work. and you’ll really like this – the cleaning and tape-advancing take place all in one step – you just insert the one-click’s tip into a fiber optic connector, and push until you here a click (hence the name). that’s it. in the time it takes to hear that sound, the cleaning tool automatically forwards to a fresh section of tape, makes solid contact with the connector’s backplane, and rotates to pick up dust, oils, lint, and other debris. you don’t even have to bother twisting your wrist. tags: afl telecommunications, fiber connector cleaner, fiber consumables, fiber optic cleaning supplies, fiber optic connector cleaners, one-click cleaner triplett protemp 12 infrared thermometer november 10, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: test equipment, tools and cases, workplace safety i hate to break it to you, but it looks like the hard way, as we know it, is about to go the way of trans fats and non-recyclable grocery bags – that is to say, waaaaaaaay out of style. at least when it comes to gauging the temperature of hot objects, that is. there will be no more hesitant outstretching of shaking hands as you wince in anticipation of singed fingertips. there will be no more blisters or reddened skin to announce to the world, “i should have known better.” so sit up straight and listen up, kids – it’s time to meet the triplett protemp 12. so what exactly is the protemp 12, anyway? five fun words to pique your excitement: a gun-style infrared thermometer. that’s right. you just pick it up, aim, pull the trigger, and get an instant and precise temperature reading on whatever the thermometer’s laser pointer happens to be resting on. pretty cool, right? when there’s no need to get too close to hot engine components or pressurized pipes, that automatically means fewer burns for you. the protemp 12 is perfect for use in industrial plants, boiler plants, and garages, but it’s also great for cooking. specifically, measuring the surface temps of pots and pans. this may sound crazy, but as soon as i found that out, i though of someone who could have really used one of these about 20 years ago. i grew up watching cooking shows on pbs, and mixed in somewhere amongst julia child, the frugal gourmet, and yan can cook was a show called madeleine cooks, hosted by a petite and charming french lady by the name of madeleine. now, madeleine made great stuff and i loved the show, but she did one thing that even i, a kid, considered un peu crazy (albeit extremely amusing). she tested the temperature of her pans with her knuckles. c’est dangereux, non? i, of course, intend no offense or disrespect to the chef – i just wished she wouldn’t have sacrificed her poor knuckles for perfectly cooked crepes. so this one’s for you, madeleine – may you let infrared rays do the dirty work, and enjoy life without peeling knuckles. tags: infrared thermometer gun, ir thermometer, non-contact thermometer, pro temp 12, triplett infrared thermometer, triplett protemp 12 platinum tools ez-snapjack november 5, 2009 by christina hansen · leave a commentfiled under: network products, power and data ditribution waaaaaaaaaaay back in the day (okay, so it was only this past february), i talked about an ez rj45 plug that saved tons of time for installers because you slide all 8 wires into a wide, unpartitioned slot, instead of inserting each wire into its own individual channel. believe me – i did a couple of comparison terminations myself, and the ez version was practically fun compared to the standard rj45 plugs. the hands-down winner. well, i’ve just met the ez rj45’s soul mate: platinum tools’ ez-snapjack™, otherwise known as the keystone jack that’s about to rock your world. if i remember correctly, i actually giggled with glee as i witnessed my first demo of this product. now, i’m no jaded, punchdown-weary telecom tech, but i have done a few jack terminations at work and in the learning lab at cedia expo 2008 (just a quick aside – if you get the chance, go). and while keystone punchdowns are no big deal, they definitely land on the time-consuming side of things. not anymore – well, not as long as you’re using ez-snapjacks™. these things work exactly the same way as the ez rj45 connector, in that you just arrange the 8 wires into the correct sequence, slide them into an alignment sleeve, and then trim the ends. from there, all that’s left to do is pop the prepped cable into the open jack, snap the top down (which, by the way, is the action that acts as the actual “punchdown”), and you’re done. it’s complete and utter laziness, but in the most positive and productive sense of the word. all i have to say is: way to save time on the job. tags: cat5e jacks, cat6 jacks, data jacks, ez-snapjack, keystone jacks, platinum tools next page » categories adhesives braided sleeving cable and wire storage cable identification cable pulling cable ties, clips and grommets cable wraps cables and wires cord covers desk cable organizers electrical energy conservation fiber optics fire protection heat shrink tubing home theater label printers medical music network products power and data ditribution raceway, duct and conduit server racks and enclosures test equipment tools and cases uncategorized wire loom workplace safety archives december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 august 2009 july 2009 june 2009 may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 recent posts office storage grommets gardner bender electrician’s screw kit liquid electrical tape smart strip surge protectors firefly led illuminated cable protector copyright © 2009