来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121126062715/http://www.cableorganizer.com/answers/return-policy.html
================================================================================

cable organizer .com - return policy added to your cart: x close loading minicart shipping - zip code estimateshipping continueshopping proceed tocheckout » page look strange? please click here or refresh your browser. i am a business i am a consumer help | about us | contact us | my account | track your order view cart: $0.00   checkout cable management. your way. a click away® call toll free 24-7 1-866-222-0030 check out ourfactory outlet products cable sleeve cable clips, velcro straps cable cover cable identification cable termination cable ties, cable tie gun cables and wires desk outlets / grommets electrical fiber optics fire protection heat shrink tubing label printers network products power/data distribution raceway, duct, conduit racks / enclosures test equipment tools & cases wire loom shop by brand 360 electrical 3m abesco acme act fastening solutions afl altinex american polywater anamet electrical apc arlington industries belkin bes bk precision black box bluelounge brady brother bud industries bytebrothers cab cablestogo cantex carlon cbi cci chief mounting cmd connectrac cooper b-line cooper bussmann corning cables dasco d-link datacomm electronics duct tape dymo eagle manufacturing erico excel international extech federal mogul / bentley harris firex first alert flatwire fluke networks fsr furman sound gardner bender gator cases geist gem electronics general cable gortrac great lakes greenlee hellermanntyton hilec hoffman iboco icm ideal industries igus cable carriers intellinet jameson jdi technologies jdsu juicebar kendall howard kidde kingfisher klein tools k-sun kwikpath leviton linebacker lsdi lutron manhattan megladon mg chemicals microcare middle atlantic millepede milwaukee tools mohawk cable monster cable nelson firestop oel ok industries panduit pelican cases platinum tools quest manufacturing rack-a-tiers randl reelcraft reiku/drossbach richco rip-tie® rittal robertshaw schonstedt instruments signamax snake tray superior essex sti thomas & betts trc triplett tripp lite upm vanco velcro vmp vutec watt stopper wiremold wire trak wireworld yellow jacket ziptape shop by industry automotive computing home theater industrial networking movie music office gsa/government gsa ordering info woman owned business our specials credit application it looks like javascript has been either disabled or blocked in your current browser. disabled javascript greatly reduces the functionality of our site, so in order for you to enjoy the best browsing experience possible, we recommend that you re-enable javascript, or disable any possible javascript-blocking add-ons that you may have previously installed. you can learn how to enable javascript in your browser by going to http://activatejavascript.org. in the meantime, if you have any questions or would just prefer to place your order by phone, please call us toll-free at 866-222-0030 - we'll be happy to help. cableorganizer.com knowledge database - f.a.q.return policy 100% satisfaction guaranteed return policy our 90 day return policy here at cableorganizer.com, we promise to do our very best at bringing you the highest quality products in a timely and efficient manner. however, if for some reason you need to return your order, we will gladly issue you a refund, according to the following guidelines: **all returns are subject to a 15% restocking fee. serial number and certification labels (e.g. ul listing, capacity, brand name, upc code, etc.) must not be removed or altered, as this will void your cableorganizer.com return policy. all returns must be processed within 90 calendar days of the invoice date, whether you’re requesting a refund or a replacement. any products marked “non-cancellable/non-returnable” are not eligible for return. this includes all generators and their accessories. manufacturer restrictions cableorganizer.com works with an array of manufacturers to bring you the best product selection on the market. products that ship directly from their manufacturing facility are called drop ship items, which fall under this category. some manufacturers have a standard 25% restocking fee that must be applied to all items returned within 30 calendar days; the only cases in which this policy wouldn’t apply is if the product had been delivered defective, or a mistake was made on our part. all returns must be in original packaging and resalable condition in order to qualify for credit. out-of-stock/backordered/discontinued items if you wish to return an item that has been discontinued, you will be given the option of accepting a comparable replacement item, or receiving a refund at the current market value of the product, less the restocking fee. any current marker value refund issued may not exceed the original invoice price. in the event that the item you ordered is either out of stock or backordered a representative will contact you to request an alternative item. custom orders because they're specifically tailored to your individual needs and are therefore not resellable, we're unable to accept returns on custom-ordered items of any sort. the only circumstances under which we will allow the return of a custom order is if the item has a manufacturing defect. defective product/incorrect product please call us for a rma so we may arrange for a return for the defective/incorrect item and replace it at no cost to you. the item must include its original packaging, and be in as-new condition with the packing slip, all warranty cards, and accessories (if applicable). please allow approximately 5 business days for your return to be processed once it has arrived at the warehouse. ordered the wrong size or color? if you would like an exchange for an order you placed, please call us for a rma number.  if you request a replacement, we will ship it after we receive and process your returned product. if you need a replacement right away, we suggest you request a credit (rather than a replacement), when you obtain your rma number. then, place a new order. the new order will be shipped as soon as we have the product available and a credit will be applied approximately 7 days after we receive the product(s) you are returning in their original condition within 90 days. damaged items will not be refunded if they are in non-resellable condition. we recommend you insure your package. shipping charges we know that we are not always perfect; at times we may send you an incorrect item or defective product – in this instance, and we will gladly facilitate the return and replacement of the product and cover any applicable shipping charges. unfortunately, we are unable to issue shipping refunds on items returned under any other circumstances. products sold by the foot due to the nature of the materials, we cannot provide full refunds on braided sleeving, wire loom, and heat shrink tubing sold by the foot if they have been cut into sections of 20 feet or less; however, we will make exception and provide a full refund in the event that we make an error. if you return a section measuring less than 20 feet, a 50% restocking fee will apply, unless you request a replacement. if a replacement order is made, the restocking fee will be reduced to 25%. returns on sections larger than 20 feet will be accepted. how to process a return check your package all returns must be in their original packaging, as well as in resalable condition. any packaging materials, cds, software, accessories, manuals, warranty cards and documentation originally sent must be included in the package. in the event that a package is returned and does not meet the guidelines we’ve listed above, cableorganizer.com reserves the right not to honor the return. contact us for a return merchandise authorization in order to process our customers’ returns as quickly and successfully as possible, we require all returns to be accompanied by an rma [return merchandise authorization] so please be sure to contacting us before returning any items. to obtain your rma and any additional return info you may need, please call our friendly, ready-to-help support team toll-free at 1-866-222-0030 or email us at sales@cableorganizer.com. ship your return because we want your return experience to be as hassle-free as possible, we strongly recommend that you fully insure your return shipment so that you’re well protected in the event that the package is lost or damaged in transit. ups & fedex provide traceable shipments, complete with a proof-of-delivery feature that guarantees that your package is delivered to the intended location. we urge you to use a carrier that has both tracking and proof-of-delivery capabilities and that you retain that tracking number. please be advised that postage charges are non-refundable, and that cableorganizer.com is not responsible for any packages lost or damaged during transit. this includes packages sent via usps to an international or overseas destination. disclaimer cableorganizer.com, its manufacturers and distributors specifically disclaim any and all warranties that aren’t addressed in the return guidelines above, including (but not limited to) any warranty that deals with the salability of an item, or the suitability of a product for use in a particular environment, application, or situation. in the event of a manufacturing defect, the purchaser’s compensation will be limited to their choice of a purchase-price refund or equivalent product replacement. upon placing an order, our customers willingly waive of any claims of property damage; personal injury; loss of use; lost time, wages, income, or profit; and other incidental or consequential damages against cableorganizer.com, inc, their manufacturers and product vendors. our manufacturers and distributors reserve the right to raise or lower their prices and change specifications without giving prior notice, or incurring obligation for these actions. if you cannot find the proper response to your question, please feel free to email us at sales@cableorganizer.com or call us toll free 24/7 at 1-866-222-0030 and we will answer your question as thoroughly and promptly as possible. what can make this page better? your feedback! we do everything we can think of to provide you with the product specs, images and ordering info you need, but if we’re missing something or still have room to improve, please let us know. your comments, suggestions and questions are the best tools we have for serving you better! note : if you would like us to reply, please include an e-mail or phone number. type your suggestions here facebook comments what our customers have to say about us... i have bought several items from cableorganizer.com and i'm always very pleased with the items ordered and with shipping. it's always on time and i'm well notified once it's on route. i highly recommend this website and all their products. i wouldn't go anywhere else for our it and corporate needs. keep up the good work. ~ jorge, sunrise, fl i have to say the support staff for cable organizers was very helpful and knowledgeable of the products in their catalog. unfortunately one of the items i ordered did not meet my needs but the return process was simple, efficient and painless. i would definately use cable organizers again. ~ pd, denville, nj read more testimonials shop with confidence 100% satisfaction guarantee fast shipping within 2 business days your order is safe& secure encryption 100's of testimonialsto read cable sleeve braided sleeving: home abrasion resistant black and colored pet bentley harris flame retardant fiberglass protective high temperature specialty sleevings side-entry sleevings cable clips, velcro straps cable clips, velcro straps: home cable clips, clamps, twist locks cable wraps velcro® straps cable staples & guns tapes and adhesives cable cover cable cover: home cord cover cable floor covers cable ramp protectors ada ramps cable identification cable marker: home wire markers cable tags cable id ties heat shrink labels pipe markers wrap-around markers wire labeler cable termination cable termination: home wiring systems punchdown tools termination tool kits keystone jacks, connectors wallplates, inserts butt splices id cable accessories cable ties, cable tie gun cableties cable tie gun: home cable ties metal cable ties cable tie guns tie machine cable wraps cables and wires cables and wires: home audio / video cables cat 5e & cat6 cables coaxial cables electrical wires extension cords fiber optic cables fire alarm cables hdmi cables network cables retractable cables usb and firewire desk outlets/ grommets power desk outlets: home customizable desk outlets grommet style outlet permanent desk outlets pop up power outlets power & data desk outlets removable desk outlets wire grommets electrical electrical: home conduit, fittings electrical boxes electrical outlets electrical switches electrical testers electrical wiring electrical timers & thermostats electrician tools fuses gfci lighting wall plates wire installation wire termination fiber optics fiber optics: home fiber optic cables fiber optic connectors fiber optic enclosures fiber optic patch cords fiber optic testers panduit fiberrunner® termination kits media converters cleaning products fire protection fire protection: home abesco fire rated expanding foam caulks and sealants caulk guns composite sheets, pillows, bricks emergency lights firestop devices fire alarm cable fire tape arc flash protection smoke alarms heat shrink tubing heat shrink: home 2:1 heatshrink tubing 3:1 shrinkable tubing 4:1 tubing conductive heat shrink connectors diesel resistant tubing fep, ptfe, pvdf tubing heat shrink connectors heat shrink guns heat shrink tape high temperature neoprene heat shrink pvc,uv shrink tubing viton heat shrink label printers label printers: home brady label printers brother p-touch dymo label printers k-sun labelshop printers panduit printers handheld printers desktop label makers pipe markers personal label printers replacement labels, tapes wire markers network products network: home connectors, modules network cables network installation network switches network testing media converters modems & routers patch panels security & surveillance server racks server wire management wall plates wire identification wiring systems power/data distribution electrical distribution: home charging stations electrical switches electrical outlets extension cords power/data centers power strips raised flooring solar chargers surge arresters & suppressors wall plates usb / firewire hubs & connectors generators raceway, duct, conduit raceways: home cable, hose carriers cable raceways cable trays/ cable ladders cable support system conduit desk organizers panduit fiberrunner® snake tray series wire duct racks / enclosures racks / enclosures: home rack mount enclosures server racks computer workstations rackmount shelves rack fans security lockboxes kvm switches media converters wall mount cabinets wire management accessories apc pdu and ups test equipment test equipment: home auto test equipment energy cost meters electrical testers fiber optic testers home theater / cctv network testers sensors & scanners telco / pro testers tools & cases tools & cases: home benders cable & wire installation cases electrician tools fish tapes hand tools heat guns & hot knives hole cutting pelican cases power tools safety equipment telecom tool kits termination kits tool boxes tool bags wire loom wire loom: home bentley-harris convoshield bulk wireloom split loom flame retardant flexible nylon wire loom gortrac® nylatrac™ ptfe convoluted tubing riser, plenum rated panduit panduit: homemodules, jackssurface racewayswiring ductcables, patch panelsloom tubingprinters, labelsfaceplatesracks, enclosuresdatacenter servicescrimpersties, clips, grommets leviton leviton: homereceptaclesswitcheswallplatespatch panelsjacks, insertspatch cordsfiber opticscable managementconnectors, adapterswiring systemsstructured media dymo dymo: homeindustrial printerspersonal printersoffice, pc printersreplacements tapes cables to go cables to go: homeusb & cat cablesaudio, video cablesracks, brackets, platessplitters, testers wiremold wiremold: homesurface racewayswall plates, jackspower strips, pduscord protectorspatch panelsfirestopping black box black box: homeswitches, extenderscablesconnectorstools, tool kitstest equipmentpower, surge protectorsrackmount panelscabinets, racks view all brands cable management and beyond cord covers, cable protectors, and ada ramps prevent trip-and-fall accidents while protecting cables and hoses from abrasion, crushing and other damage. perfect for home, office, schools, military facilities, convention centers, and special events. fire protection stay alert to fire and carbon monoxide threats, and prevent the spread of fire along cables and pipes, with smoke alarms, co detectors, intumescent caulks, fire-rated sealants, firestop devices and expanding composites. cables & wires get connected for networking, power, musical performance, and home theater with patch cords, bulk cat cable, electrical wire, a/v cables, fiber optics, speaker wire, coaxial cable, extension cords, usb/firewire and more. test equipment test cables, check power levels, locate studs and hot/cold spots, and see into visually-inaccessible spaces with network testers, multimeters, scanners, stud finders, scope cameras, a/v calibrators and more. fiber optic technology everything you need to build or expand your fiber optic network, including bulk fiber cable, fiber optic patch cords, connectors, fiber termination tools, testers, media converters, cleaning products and consumables. desk outlets, desk grommets put power and data connections at your fingertips while eliminating desktop and conference room cable clutter with desk outlets, pop-up power/data centers and cable grommets for any workplace environment. braided sleeving, expandable sleeving, fiberglass sleeving protect cables from abrasion, heat and chemicals while keeping them neatly bundled with braided sleevings and specialty wraparound cable sleeves for use in engine bays, home theaters, offices, and even industrial/aerospace applications. corrugated tubing, wire loom conceal and protect everything from computer cables to engine wiring with flexible and versatile corrugated tubing and wire loom, available slit or non-slit, in a variety of colors, materials, and even chrome finishes. cable ties, velcro wrap, zip ties keep everything from individual cords to large cable bundles organized and under control with our wide selection of plastic zip ties, stainless steel cable ties, velcro® wraps, mille-ties and lashing straps for any job, big or small. label printers, makers organize and identify network cables, patch panel ports, office supplies, storage shelves, tools, sporting equipment, household items and more with personal and industrial-grade label printers and refill cartridges from top brands. cable raceways, wire duct, cable trays route cables safely and efficiently from point a to point b with surface raceways, wire ducts, conduit and cable trays designed for any environment, from office and home theater to manufacturing facility and data center. power distribution, cords, strips, pdcs get power wherever you need it with power extensions, indoor and outdoor extension cords, portable outlets, power strips, surge protectors and power/data centers for home, office, garage and jobsite. electrical switches, faceplates, gfci, receptacles whether new or retrofit, pro or diy, you'll find the tools and supplies you need for any electrical job in our selection of switches, faceplates, electrical wiring, receptacles, outlet boxes, occupancy sensors, testers and more. heat shrink tubing, connectors create wire harnesses, add insulation, enhance strain relief and splice wires with heat shrink tubing, tape, connectors and butt splices, as well as heat guns, torches and hot air tools. network server enclosures, wall racks, outdoor cabinets house, protect and configure network equipment, home theater components and studio electronics in a range of conditions and environments with server racks, enclosures, wall racks and cabinets ranging from basic to custom. patch panels, media converters, kvm switches design an optimized, functional and well-controlled network with patch panels, media converters, extenders, kvm and ethernet switches, modems, routers and more. hand tools, cases, boxes, power tools complete your tool arsenal with hand tools, power tools, labor-saving accessories, work lights, testers, hole cutters, safety equipment, and tool chests, boxes and totes from top name brands. fish tape, rods, cablecaster fish cables through conduit, plenums, risers, crawl spaces, walls and more with fish tape, push/pull rods, the cablecaster, heavy duty cable tuggers, cord reels, cable stands and cable lubricants. get deals in your email ! subscribe free cableorganizer.com will not sell or rent your email address. privacy policy 100% safe & ssl secure company site directory press room about us privacy policy shipping policy career site map mobile website customer service contact us customer support return policy gsa ordering info international shipping request a quote testimonials my account info purchase orders & accounts setting up an account track your order online get a copy of my invoice how do i order catalogs? sign up for newsletter resources most popular links sale & clearance view all brands wire loom heat shrink tubing cable raceway network cable tester popular searches like us on facebook 6250 nw 27th way, fort lauderdale, fl 33309 toll free: 866-222-0030 local: 954-861-2000 fax: 954-861-2001 email: sales@cableorganizer.com cableorganizer® is a registered trademark of the cableorganizer.com, inc. company. all rights reserved. copyright © 2002 - 2012 cableorganizer.com, inc. all rights reserved