来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229072432/http://www.cableorganizer.com/answers/about-cableorganizercom.html
================================================================================

cableorganizer.com faqs - how our company got started call our cable management experts 1-866-222-0030 contact us | my account | order status | login view cart: $0.00   checkout no order too big or too small products cable management table power & data centers grommets & bushings desk organizers cable protection labeling wires & cables security racks & enclosures network products electrical supplies fire protection & safety power & data distribution tools panduit shop by brand shop by industry automotive computing home theater industrial networking movie music office gsa/government gsa ordering info our specials credit application it looks like javascript has been either disabled or blocked in your current browser. disabled javascript greatly reduces the functionality of our site, so in order for you to enjoy the best browsing experience possible, we recommend that you re-enable javascript, or disable any possible javascript-blocking add-ons that you may have previously installed. you can learn how to enable javascript in your browser by going to http://activatejavascript.org. in the meantime, if you have any questions or would just prefer to place your order by phone, please call us toll-free at 866-222-0030 - we'll be happy to help. home customer service about cableorganizer.com cableorganizer.com knowledge database - f.a.q. about cableorganizer.com how we started: it all started back in february 2002, when valerie holstein and her husband, paul, invested $30 into registering a web domain, and began operating cableorganizer.com from their home garage. frustrated by the unruly cables around their computers and home theater system, they set out to offer simple but effective products that would help others organize the cord clutter in their homes and offices. it turns out that they found a niche, and in the passing years they've not only expanded the company's product line to include electrical supplies, network products, home theater components, tools and testers, but also grown out of their garage and into 38,000 square feet of warehouse space in fort lauderdale, florida. cableorganizer.com has become the one-stop shop that over 250,000 customers worldwide rely upon for over 42,000 products, comprehensive consumer resources, fast order turnaround, and stellar customer service. why we're different: customer satisfaction is our first priority. we pride ourselves on the fact that anyone can dial our toll-free number 24/7/365, and be greeted by a live person on the other end of the line. our customer service representatives are second to none; they're expertly trained on the products we offer, and you'll find that they're also unfailingly friendly and accommodating, even to the point of referring a customer to one of our competitors if we can't give that person what they need within the time frame he or she requires. as one of our representatives recently said, "if you need it, we've got it… if not, we'll get it!" cableorganizer.com is a gsa-certified business, and thanks to our extensive product line and unsurpassed service, we've had the honor of supplying an impressive lineup of well-respected organizations, which includes nasa, boeing, hewlett packard, microsoft, lucent, pfizer, walmart, kodak, lockheed martin, wells fargo, and many others. who we are: cableorganizer.com is powered by a diverse group of executives, it experts, marketing professionals, web designers, product specialists, customers service representatives and logistics personnel from all over the world. in addition to our headquarters in beautiful south florida, we also operate a subsidiary, cableorganizer france (http://cableorganizer.fr) out of rennes, france. » view press room » view news coverage received product line: wire loom braided sleeving cord covers heat shrink tubing raceway, duct & conduit telecom / datacom racks / enclosures power / data distribution ties, clips & grommets desk outlets cables & wires tools & cases label printers fire protection fiber optics employees: 45 and growing headquarters: cableorganizer.com 6250 nw 27th way fort lauderdale, fl 33309 if you cannot find the proper response to your question, please feel free to email us at sales@cableorganizer.com or call us toll free 24/7 at 1-866-222-0030 and we will answer your question as thoroughly and promptly as possible. what can make this page better? we do everything we can think of to provide you with the product specs, images and ordering info you need, but if we’re missing something or still have room to improve, please let us know. your comments, suggestions and questions are the best tools we have for serving you better! note : if you would like us to reply, please include an e-mail or phone number. type your suggestions here cable management cable management cable management eliminate cable clutter absolutely anywhere with our large variety of solutions. cable clips cable clips this simple solution comes in many variations for many applications. choose between clamps, hooks, loops, and twists to get you organized. cable raceway cable raceways cable raceway is one of the most diverse cable management solutions available. run power and data along the floor, wall, or other surface to increase safety and maintain aesthetics. cable sleeving cable sleeving braided sleeving provides a great look and easy installation and is available for all levels of protection from a home theater to a foundry. cable ties cable ties as the most classic cable management solution ever, there is a place for cable ties in almost any application. wire loom wire loom wire loom is the wire management solution that takes many forms for many uses. this solution has a place in your home, car, office, outdoor worksite, and just about anywhere else. desk organizers desk organizers there is nothing more stressful and inefficient than a disorganized desk! get more done faster with our desk organizers. cable trays cable trays be it wire basket, ladder rack or cable trough, under the floor or along the ceiling, cable tray is a staple for high density wiring in your facility. get it here. table power & data centers table power and data centers table power and data centers nothing could be more convenient to the desk worker than power and data connections on the desktop. built into desk/table built into desk/table stop stretching and tripping over cables to make connections. install desk outlets right into your workstations for solid connectivity, safety & great looks/ mounted on top of desk/table mounted on top of desk/table stretch those connections from the wall to your desktop as conveniently as possible. under the desk under the desk looking for easy access to your connections without cutting a big hole in your desk? check out our under desk mount pdcs. grommets & bushings grommets and bushings grommets and bushings reduce friction at cable entry points on your desk panels and anywhere else with these grommets and bushings. desk grommets desk grommets this solution could not be simpler, more affordable or more popular. there’s a grommet for your desk here. floor grommets floor grommets grommets aren't only for desks! get these heavy duty grommets to run wiring through your raised flooring. desk outlets desk outlets stop crawling under your desk and tripping over overstretched cables. invest in a pdc grommet... medical bills are much more expensive. bushings bushings we have a great selection of bushings for electrical, automotive & other cable pass applications. grommet edging grommet edging use these lengths of grommet edging to create custom grommets for many applications. desk organizers desk organizers desk organizers when your desk cables are organized, every day feels like friday. charging stations charging stations you will never have to worry about misplacing your charger again with one of our charging stations. most units even have storage space for keys, wallets, and the like. desk cable organizers desk cable organizers there is nothing more stressful and inefficient than a disorganized desk! get more done faster with our desk organizers. cable channels cable channels sometimes it's best to keep it simple. it doesn't hurt to save a few bucks in the process! organize your workstation cables with these easy solutions. desk outlets desk outlets eliminate cord clutter on the desk with desk outlets. our desk outlets come in many different types for the home, hotel, office, and conference room. computer & monitor mounts computer & monitor mounts save space on your desk and get your computers off the floor. cable protection cable protection cable protection protect your cables and personnel from each other with these cord covers for all duties. cord covers cord covers protect your cables from traffic, protect your traffic from cables. get your cables covers here, from pedestrian to heavy utility vehicle. wire loom wire loom wire loom is the wire management solution that takes many forms for many uses. this solution has a place in your home, car, office, outdoor worksite, and just about anywhere else. heat shrink heat shrink heat shrink may be used for insulation, termination, labeling and more. it's a protective, great looking solution that can be customized at a nominal cost. cable raceway cable raceways cable raceway is one of the most diverse cable management solutions available. run power and data along the floor, wall, or other surface to increase safety and maintain aesthetics. wire duct wire duct easily insert, drop and pull cables out of duct to organize and re-organize: wide, norrow, closed and solid slots. cable sleeving cable sleeving braided sleeving provides a great look and easy installation and is available for all levels of protection from a home theater to a foundry. conduit conduit metallic and non-metallic tubing to hide, protect and route your electrical cables. labeling labeling labeling imagine life without labeling on anything. wasn't that weird? identify your cables and other items with these quality labelers and labels. cable identification tags cable identification tags these tags, ties and markers will help you label and identify your cables and wires easily, without the confusion or guesswork. pipe marking pipe marking everything you need for labeling your pipes, including vinyl markers, reflective tape, fasteners, strap-on markers and ties. label printers label printers a wide variety of printers featuring economical solutions for home or office, and industrial models for high volume and harsh environments. label tapes & cartridges label tapes & cartridges replacement cartridges for label printers and tape dispensers for a variety of applications including heat shrink labels, marker plates and more. wires & cables wires & cables wires & cables do not pour coffee into your electrical, network, or home theater equipment. keep them wired with these quality cables. fiber optic cable fiber optic cable fiber optic cabling is the world's fastest and most efficient cabling, and is growing in popularity. we have bulk and patch cables to meet your networking needs. ethernet cable ethernet cable keep your data and voice networks running smooth as ice with our quality cat 3, cat 5, cat 6, and fiber optic cables. usb / firewire usb / firewire usb and firewire are the standards for connecting all of your peripherals, expansion devices, and portable electronics to your computer. control cable control cable all of your necessary connections for motors, cranes, reels, etc. check out our wide selection of control wires. power extension cord power extension cord sometimes there simply aren't any outlets where you need them. maybe the power strip is too cramped for that power adapter. browse these products for extension and liberation solutions. fire alarm cable fire alarm cable safety is always #1. our fire alarm cables meet all applicable standards for proper operation of your fire equipment at cool prices. a/v cable a/v cable from pc to car audio, home theater to conference room video, we have your audiovisual cabling needs covered. make sure the show and the beat go on with our a/v cables! security security security as much as we all want to stand guard at the office 24/7, sleep is a necessity. make up for it with these quality surveillance and security products. digital video recorders digital video recorders no security system is complete without a good dvr to record all of the action. cameras cameras nothing says security like a guard that never sleeps. we have surveillance cameras from economical to ultra-high definition at great prices. home & office alarms home & office alarms if you can't keep 'em away, at least you'll know when they're around! not all alarm systems come with astronomical prices and monthly fees. check out our selection of practical alarms for the home and office. dvr lockboxes dvr lockboxes protect the equipment that protects you with these sturdy dvr lockboxes. security system testers security system testers ensure proper installation and configuration for your security system with our state-of-the-art cctv testers. network video recorders network video recorders nvrs are essential for recording from quality video from ip cameras. check out our line of high quality, reliable nvrs for consumer and professional applications. racks & enclosures racks & enclosures racks & enclosures everything you need to mount, protect, and power your data center equipment is here. rack mount pdu rack mount pdu the denser the wiring, the more critical cable management becomes. rack mount pdus consolidate your power right at the rack before going to the ups. open racks open racks expect reliable equipment support, open access, and great ventilation from these quality 2 and 4 post racks. workstations workstations find all your work tables here, from single to multiple users; we offer many options of these production increasing furniture arrangements. enclosures enclosures we carry heavy duty racks from great lakes, middle atlantic, kendall howard and more, including seismic enclosures to protect your components in any environment. wall mount wall mount save space on the floor or conveniently place certain pieces of equipment with these top quality wall enclosures. rack cable management rack cable management proper cable management is a major factor in determining the overall efficiency of your network. we guarantee a solution to controlling your network cable installation. fiber optic enclosures fiber optic enclosures make sure you’re using the proper enclosure for this very sensitive cabling. choose between corning, leviton, black box and more quality names. shelves and drawers shelves and drawers these rack mount shelves and drawers are great for quick access to certain equipment and storage within your enclosure. rack panels rack panels cover up unused spaces to prevent dust from entering. of course, your rack will also look better. vented panels and din mounts are also here. rack fans & cooling rack fans & cooling cooling is essential to a long service life for your equipment. get your cooling equipment and replacement fans here. kvm switches, converters, mounts kvm switches, converters, mounts get these essential components for consolidating resources and making connections between your network equipment. security and lights security and lights with a good security system, you’re never asleep or out of the office! protect your investment now! rack hardware rack hardware only the most solid rackmount equipment installations will survive. don’t compromise, get tough rack hardware here. network products network products network products if you needed kitchen sinks for networking, we would carry those, too. network testers network testersno technician wants to imagine a world without network testers. thanks to cableorganizer, you don't have to. test all of the aspects of your installation from start to finish, diagnose, and repair with network testers from the top brands. copper & fiber optic cable copper & fiber optic cable our quality cat 3, cat 5, cat 6, and fiber optic cables will keep your cables smooth as glass. many are made in the usa for gsa use. modems & routers modems and routers distribute your ethernet connection around the home or office with these efficient modems and routers. network switches network switches your connectivity possibilities are endless with network switches. choose between kvm switches and ethernet switches, many of which can be daisy-chained for an exponential increase in connectivity. wall plates wall platesthe last thing you want out of a wire installation is wires poking out of the wall. help those power, data, voice, and a/v connections out of the wall with our great looking, quality wallplates. network installation tool kits network installation kits anyone who knows the value of having the right tool for the job is in the right place. check out our network tools and kits for all levels of inspection, maintenance, and repair. connectors & modules connectors and modules there is nothing sadder than a missed connection. these high quality connectors ensure clear, reliable connections for ethernet, a/v, voice, and fiber optic connections. patch panels patch panels patch panels are one of the most cost effective, simplest, and popular ways to share connections in your server room or other it application. we have only the highest quality panels from leviton, panduit, signamax, and more. media converters media converters communications technology is constantly changing, but you need not skip a beat. media converters ensure that the transition is seamless. network cable management network cable management proper cable management is a major factor in determining the overall efficiency of your network. we guarantee a solution to controlling your network cable installation. 110 & 66 blocks 110 & 66 blocks punch blocks are generally used for voice applications, but can be adapted to ethernet with skill. our 110 & 66 blocks are fit for use anywhere they are needed. electrical supplies electrical supplies electrical supplies here you'll find everything to need to install and control your electrical devices. electrical boxes electrical boxes once you finish an electrical box installation behind a wall, going back is not very desirable! we offer high quality, heavy duty electrical boxes that get the job done the first time. electrical switches switches & timers our electrical switches and timers will provide you with convenience, savings, and great looks for prices that look even better. electrical wiring electrical wiring electrical wires are the blood vessels of all electrical and electronic devices in existence. we have wires to bring power to your devices, from small to large. electrical tools & testers electrical tools & testers performing electrical work without testers is like trying to perform the work blind! browse our selection of multimeters, clamp meters, circuit testers, and more for your electrical installation and maintenance needs. conduit & fittings conduit and fittings run your electrical and low voltage wiring through our wide selection of conduit. we have heavy duty straight steel, flexible pvc, and everything in between to help you get the job done. fuses electrical fuses fuses have to be the most affordable insurance plans available! we have a selection of very common electrical fuses that keep your devices safe in the event of an electrical mishap. wall plates & outlets wall plates & outlets the last thing you want out of a wire installation is wires poking out of the wall. help those power, data, voice, and a/v connections out of the wall with our great looking, quality wallplates. lighting lighting the occasional power outage is just as guaranteed as the sun going down daily. check out our great selection of work lights, flashlights, floodlights, and led lights to keep your path visible. wire termination wire termination once you've installed your wires you will need to terminate them, unless you want to spend the rest of your life hardwiring everything! cableorganizer has just about every connector you can think of. if we don’t have what you need, we will get it! fire protection & safety fire protection & safety fire protection & safety one of the best assets to any electrical or networking installation is the safety of the investment. quality fire protection pays for itself. fire alarm cable fire alarm cable safety is always #1. our fire alarm cables meet all applicable standards for proper operation of your fire equipment at cool prices. smoke detectors smoke detectors detection is prevention. from smoke to carbon monoxide, we supply the products that alert you to danger before it's too late. caulks, sealants & putty caulks, sealants and putty get into every nook and cranny with our fire rated foams, putties, caulks, and sealant. firestop devices firestop devices these firestop sleeves and collars help you run piping and cabling through walls without leaving spaces for fire to spread. tape & mortar tape & mortar mortar is a classic fireproofing solution that you simply can't lose on when installed correctly. just add water for some of the most effective fire protection achievable. wraps & collars wraps and collars fire collars are great for added protection in pipe entry points in any facility. this low-cost solution is certainly a win-win. caulking guns caulking guns our caulk guns get the job done, dispensing all of your sealants, glues, and caulks. choose between standard and automatic to suit your budget and working style. sheets, pillows, bricks sheets, pillows and bricks fire sheets, pillows, and bricks were all designed to accommodate larger openings. feel free to install wiring any way you feel necessary with these fine solutions in mind. arc flash clothing arc flash clothing arc flash can be detrimental even at low levels, but it's practically sure to be lethal without the proper clothing! we offer certified coveralls, glasses, and gloves that ensure that you live to learn from your mistakes. emergency signs emergency signs make sure the exits to your facility are clearly marked in case of emergency. we have emergency lights and signs available for all environments, including tamper proof models for outdoor locations. power & data distribution power & data distribution power & data distribution installing all that equipment was fun, but it'd be nice to turn it on and use it! get the right stuff here. floor boxes floor boxes floor boxes are some of the best looking, most affordable, and most convenient ways to bring connections to away-from-the-wall areas of your facility. raised & access flooring raised & access flooring floor boxes are some of the best looking, most affordable, and most convenient ways to bring connections to away-from-the-wall areas of your facility. electrical switches electrical switches keep everything under control with electrical switches, including occupancy sensors, fan switches, and dimmers. ups & power strips ups & power strips expand your power potential with our power strips. choose between standard, surge protective, and rack mount. tools tools tools being good with your hands is one thing, but your hands are no substitute for the right tools! from networking to electrical, get the right tool for the job here. tool boxes / bags tool boxes and bags lost tools are one of the top expenses for skilled workers across the board. choose a fitting tool bag, box, cart, or chest from our wide selection to keep your tools in your reach and your money in your pocket. hand tools hand tools cableorganizer offers just about every hand tool in existence. see for yourself. hole cutters hole cutters create those entry points for conduit and wiring with our heavy duty hole cutters and punches from the top tool brands in the industry. protective cases protective cases the adventurer will need much more than the average human to keep his or her valuables protected. from heavy duty, watertight phone cases to rack cases, we ensure it will get there in one piece. test equipment test equipmentno technician wants to imagine a world without a tester. thanks to cableorganizer, you don't have to. test all of the aspects of your installation from start to finish, diagnose, and repair with network testers from the top brands. power tools power tools put the power in your hands with our great selection drills, heat guns, benders, crimpers, and just about every other tool with a cord, battery, and motor. wire installation & termination wire installation & termination our world runs on electricity, so wire installation is a critical operation. we got your fish tapes, conduit benders, cable lubes, and more to make the operation as smooth as possible. punchdown tools punchdown tools the punch down method of jack termination has been proven time and time again to be the most reliable. we have manual, automatic, and all-at-once impact tools for professional installations. panduit panduit panduit we offer the full line of panduit's product line, from raceways, cable ties, faceplates, label printers and more. modules / jacks modules / jacks from mini-com® to netkey®, from cat5e to cat6, make sure you are connected as well as secure, with locking devices. surface raceways surface raceways pan-way raceways are a great option to grouping and securing all types of cables (power, network, fiber optic). wire duct wire duct route cables and have breakouts along the way with panduit's numerous styles of duct. cable management cable management successfully organize, route and manage cables within your panduit rack or enclosure both horizontally and vertically. faceplates faceplates finish the installation with panduit faceplates, surface mount boxes and modular frames. ties, clips, grommets ties, clips, grommets with numerous styles, materials and lengths, you should definitely find a cable management solution from panduit here. cables & patch panels cables & patch panels keep your network up and running with panduit patch panels, blocks and patch cords. loom tubing loom tubing panduit's corrugated tubing will help in controlling bunches of wires and cords simply hanging around. printers, labels printers, labels label everything and stay sane by using one of these label printers and the wide variety of cassettes. racks & enclosures racks & enclosures house and manage your network in one of these server racks or enclosures from panduit. tools tools panduit's tools can help you crimp connectors, manage cable bundles, and wrap cables. get deals in your inbox! email address: cableorganizer.com will not sell or rent your email address. privacy policy company press room about us privacy policy shipping policy career customer service contact us return policy gsa ordering info international shipping request a quote testimonials volume discounts pick up your order my account info log-in to account purchase orders & accounts track your order online most popular links how do i order catalogs? sign up for our newsletter 6250 nw 27th way, fort lauderdale, fl 33309 toll free: 866-222-0030 local: 954-861-2000  fax: 954-861-2001  email: sales@cableorganizer.com cableorganizer® is a registered trademark of the cableorganizer.com, llc. company. all rights reserved. copyright © 2002 - 2014 cableorganizer.com, llc. all rights reserved added to your cart: x close loading minicart shipping - zip code estimateshipping continueshopping proceed tocheckout »