来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141226100413/http://www.cableorganizer.com/products/
================================================================================

cableorganizer.com products selection call our cable management experts 1-866-222-0030 contact us | my account | order status | login view cart: $0.00   checkout no order too big or too small products cable management desk outlets & grommets desk organizers cable protection labeling wires & cables security racks & enclosures network products electrical supplies fire protection & safety power & data distribution tools shop by brand shop by industry automotive computing home theater industrial networking movie music office government gsa ordering info learning center our specials credit application it looks like javascript has been either disabled or blocked in your current browser. disabled javascript greatly reduces the functionality of our site, so in order for you to enjoy the best browsing experience possible, we recommend that you re-enable javascript, or disable any possible javascript-blocking add-ons that you may have previously installed. you can learn how to enable javascript in your browser by going to http://activatejavascript.org. in the meantime, if you have any questions or would just prefer to place your order by phone, please call us toll-free at 866-222-0030 - we'll be happy to help. homeproducts products raceways, trays, cable ties, wire loom, sleeving & more cable management removable & built-in outlets, desk/floor & rubber grommets desk outlets & grommets desk cable management, charging stations & more desk organizers cord covers, power extension protectors & ada ramps cable cover protection end cable confusion right now with our great selection cable lables & printers network, electrical, a/v, coax, music & more wires & cables crowd control, industrial & traffic safety, ppe, lighting... safety equipment cables & termination, testers, cleaners, enclosures & more fiber optic cameras, dvrs, testers, lockboxes, alarms & nvrs security & surveillance server & computer cabinets for your network needs racks & enclosures patch panels, wall plates, media converters, testers, switchers... network products outlets, receptacles, fuses, timers, strips/extensions... electrical supplies keep your structure (and you) safe from fire fire protection hand/power tools, cutters, organizers, testers, cases... tools & cases cable management and much, much more we may be called cableorganizer.com, but the real truth is that there's much, much more to us than organizing cables. that's part of it, yes, but just a quick perusal of our categories here will show you that that's only a small portion of what we are. in addition to our cable management products, our desk drganizers, and our cord covers, we've also got a full range of network products, electrical supplies, safety equipment, tools, security and surveillance products, and much more. we're basically a one-stop electrical/it/telecom/network solutions shop. so have a look around, and take advantage of our huge selection, great prices, and unparalleled customer service if you need help selecting a solution for your cable management needs, feel free to call our friendly and knowledgeable staff at 1-866-222-0030. what can make this page better? we do everything we can think of to provide you with the product specs, images and ordering info you need, but if we're missing something or still have room to improve, please let us know. your comments, suggestions and questions are the best tools we have for serving you better! cable management cable management cable management eliminate cable clutter absolutely anywhere with our large variety of solutions. cable raceway cable raceways cable raceway is one of the most diverse cable management solutions available. run power and data along the floor, wall, or other surface to increase safety and maintain aesthetics. cable sleeving cable sleeving braided sleeving provides a great look and easy installation and is available for all levels of protection from a home theater to a foundry. wire loom wire loom wire loom is the wire management solution that takes many forms for many uses. this solution has a place in your home, car, office, outdoor worksite, and just about anywhere else. cable trays cable trays the perfect solution for running large quantities of power or data cables overhead or under-floor. choose from basket, solid, and ladder trays, or the flexible snaketray. wire duct wire duct easily insert, drop and pull cables out of duct to organize and re-organize: wide, norrow, closed and solid slots. heat shrink heat shrink heat shrink may be used for insulation, termination, labeling and more. it's a protective, great looking solution that can be customized at a nominal cost. cable & hose carriers cable & hose carriers these chains and carriers are designed to protect and guide hoses and cables on automated machinery to maintain the optimum bend radius and prevent breaking and tangling. cable support systems cable support systems hangers, rings, clips, saddles, trays and more solutions for supporting your suspended fiber optic, electrical, or a/v cable bundles along walls and ceilings. cable ties cable ties standard nylon ties, mountable and releasable ties, metal ties, velcro fasteners, and applicators, including cable tie guns and twist-tie machines. wraps, clips & clamps wraps, clips & clamps find the right option for securing, bundling, routing and protecting your cables: clips, clamps, wraps, grommets, cable staples, and adhesives. velcro wraps & fasteners velcro wraps & fasteners hook-and-loop fasteners securely tie your cable bundles, but can simply and easily be removed, resized and re-used to suit your particular needs. cord reels & winders cord reels & winders manage your extensions & control your cable feed with our cord reels & winders, whether you need winders for thousands of feet of industrial cable, or a reel for personal cord use. conduit conduit metallic and non-metallic tubing to hide, protect and route your electrical cables. fabric cord covers fabric cord covers bundle or cover cords and hoses with these flexible and stylish solutions that range from our decorative silk cord covers to the rugged leather welding hose covers. desk outlets & grommets desk outlets & grommets desk outlets & grommets stay connected at your desk & protect wires going through holes removable desk outlets removable desk outlets looking for easy access to your connections without cutting a big hole in your desk? check out here! stretch those connections from the wall to your desktop as conveniently as possible. built-in outlets & inserts built-in outlets & inserts stop stretching and tripping over cables to make connections. install desk outlets right into your workstations for solid connectivity, safety & great looks. pop-up desk outlets pop-up desk outlets one of the most useful devices one could ever have on a desk or kitchen counter. just press on it and out come all the ethernet, a/v, usb, and power outlets you need. desk grommets desk grommets this solution could not be simpler, more affordable or more popular. there's a grommet for your desk here. floor grommets floor grommets grommets aren't only for desks! get these heavy duty grommets to run wiring through your raised flooring. rubber grommets & more rubber grommets, bushings & bumpers we have a great selection of rubber grommets & bushings for electrical, automotive & other cable pass applications. desk organizers desk organizers desk organizers when your desk cables are organized, every day feels like friday. desk cable management desk cable management manage, hide & store your desk cables and wires with our trays, boxes, raceways & other organizers. and our office organization kits have everything you need in one place. computer mounts & kits computer mounts & kits get your tower off the floor and your laptop or tablet off of your desk with our mounts, to maximize space and minimize accidents. also, prevent the theft of computers and peripherals. charging stations & plugs charging stations & plugs never drain your battery again with our usb hubs, plugs and multi-device stations for charging your tables, smartphones, and other mobile devices. computer workstations computer workstations find all your work tables here, from single to multiple users; we offer many options of these production increasing furniture arrangements. mobile/tablet accessories mobile/tablet accessories get the most out of your smartphones, laptops, ipads, kindles and more with our convenient, stylish hands-free bluelounge stands and mobile accessories. wraps, clips & clamps wraps, clips & clamps find the right option for securing, bundling, routing and protecting your cables: clips, clamps, wraps, grommets, cable staples, and adhesives. velcro wraps & fasteners velcro wraps & fasteners hook-and-loop fasteners securely tie your cable bundles, but can simply and easily be removed, resized and re-used to suit your particular needs. cable identification tags cable identification tags these tags, ties and markers will help you label and identify your cables and wires easily, without the confusion or guesswork. cable cover protection cable cover protection cable cover protection protect your cables and personnel from each other with these cord covers for all duties. floor cord covers floor cord covers protect your cables from traffic, protect your traffic from cables. get your cables covers here, from pedestrian to heavy utility vehicle. power extension covers power extension covers run power across a room without creating a trip hazard. power and data options are available, as well as blank boxes for data, telecom, coax, or fiber optic cables. fabric cord covers fabric cord covers flexible and stylish selections that offer a neat solution for bundling or covering cords and hoses, from decorative silk cord covers to the rugged leather welding hose covers. ada/handicap ramps ada/handicap ramps low profile cable connectors, cord covers, ramps and rail systems that provide safe, ada compliant access across cables and hoses for wheelchairs and pedestrians. cable labels & printers cable labels & printers cable labels & printers imagine life without labeling on anything. wasn't that weird? identify your cables and other items with these quality labelers and labels. cable identification tags cable identification tags these tags, ties and markers will help you label and identify your cables and wires easily, without the confusion or guesswork. pipe marking pipe marking everything you need for labeling your pipes, including vinyl markers, reflective tape, fasteners, strap-on markers and ties. wire markers wire markers customizable booklets, dispensers and tags for wire identification - available in many styles including heat shrinkable labels, tape, wire wrap and more. heat shrink labels heat shrink labels sleeve-style labels that conform and adhere to cables and wires, so there's no danger of slipping or peeling from their intended surface. label printers label printers a wide variety of printers featuring economical solutions for home or office, and industrial models for high volume and harsh environments. label tapes & cartridges label tapes & cartridges replacement cartridges for label printers and tape dispensers for a variety of applications including heat shrink labels, marker plates and more. wires & cables wires & cables wires & cables keep your electrical, network, or home theater equipment wired (without the use of coffee). network cables network cables network cables and patch cords including cat3, cat5, cat5e and cat6 cables, as well as our fiber optics and modular plugs and boots to help protect and secure your connection. electrical wires & cables electrical wires & cables control, power, bus cables; shielded and non-shielded cables for commercial and industrial applications, as well as tools for handling batteries on vehicles and machinery. audio/video cables audio/video cables a/v cables for home theaters, recording studios, and performance venues: s-video, vga, component, hdmi, dvi, instrument & microphone cords, speaker wires, and more. coaxial cables coaxial cables coax cables for virtually any application. indoor, outdoor, plenum-rated, dual & quad shielded, even flat cables; great for schools, hospitals, security systems, and home theaters. power extension cords power extension cords standard extension cords to power your home devices, industrial cables for your commercial machinery, and everything in between; from a few inches long to hundreds of feet. usb, firewire & hubs usb, firewire & hubs charging cables, adapter cables, extenders, hubs for transforming one port into several, and connector kits that offer different firewire configurations. fiber optic cables fiber optic cables a wide selection of optical cables, both single and multi-mode, with many customizable configurations available based on color, length and more. fire alarm security cable fire alarm security cable be certain that your critical connections won't fail in the event of an emergency with the right cables for your burglar alarms, fire and smoke detectors, and security devices. music & instruments music & instruments cord solutions for your recording studio, nightclub, or concert venue, including cables for guitars, bass, keyboards, speakers, patch bays, rackmount equipment and more. safety equipment safety equipment safety equipment a comprehensive selection of personal & industrial safety equipment, protective clothing, non slip anti-fatigue mats, crowd control, traffic safety, lighting & more. crowd control crowd control safety products for crowd control including retractable belt stanchions and barricades. temporary and permanent solutions for moderate to heavy crowds, both indoors and outside. industrial floor mats industrial floor mats increase traction and ease leg fatigue with our industrial quality floormats for high traffic and extended use areas. rubber and pvc vinyl mats for wet, oily, or dry environments. industrial safety industrial safety lockout and tagout safety tools and kits for live circuit applications. de-energize unused circuits and ports to reduce the risk of electrical injury and block unwanted access. speed bumps & humps speed bumps & humps easy to install permanent or modular speed inhibitors for controlling speed in driveways, parking lots, jobsites, residential areas, emergency situations, and more. cribbing & chock blocks cribbing & chock blocks keep your workspace safe and be prepared for emergency situations, accidents and crowd control with our products including floor mats, cribbing, cones, stanchions, and barricades. traffic safety traffic safety help control speed, direct traffic away from sensitive areas and protect equipment with traffic cones, delineators, bollard posts, column protectors and more. insulated tools insulated tools tools that protect against electrical shock via two layers: a base coat bonded to the tool, and a flame resistant outer layer. pliers, strippers, cutters, screwdrivers, and more. ppe arc flash equipment ppe arc flash equipment in the event of an arc flash, make sure you're as protected with protective eyewear, shield kits, hats, hoods, gloves, jackets, coveralls, bibs, arc suppression blankets, & more. lighting lighting handheld flashlights, outdoor floodlights, rackmount lights for network component illumation, heavy duty work lamps, energy efficient bulbs, and wall packs. emergency signs & lights emergency signs & lights make sure escape routes and exits in your office or retail space are clearly marked and fall within osha standards with our wide range of emergency lighting units and exit signs. ada/handicap ramps ada/handicap ramps low profile cable connectors, cord covers, ramps and rail systems that provide safe, ada compliant access across cables and hoses for wheelchairs and pedestrians. storm preparedness kit storm preparedness kit maximize the potential of your generator before, during, and after the storm.. fiber optic fiber optic fiber optic so you're setting up a fiber optics network... good for you! you're in the right place. this is the spot to be for your fiber optic network equipment and accessories. fiber optic cables fiber optic cables a wide selection of optical cables, both single and multi-mode, with many customizable configurations available based on color, length and more. fiber optic testers fiber optic testers test for power loss and continuity issues in simplex, duplex, bundled and multimode fiber optic cables before and after installation. ideal for maintaining fiber networks. fiber optic termination fiber optic termination strip the fiber optic cable, cleave and splice it, and then successfully terminate it. fiber optic enclosures fiber optic enclosures rack/wall mount enclosures designed for fiber optic applications, nema-rated outdoor cabinets for harsh environments, and splice trays to protect and hide bare fiber splices. fiber optic patch panels fiber optic patch panels maximize efficiency in data centers or server rooms with convenient patch panels and adapters. unloaded or pre-loaded, with a number of different customizable options available. cleaners & consumables cleaners & consumables products to clean fiber optics to keep them working properly, clean dust and lint from electronics equipment, remove excess solder after soldering jobs, and more. security & surveillance security & surveillance security & surveillance as much as we all want to stand guard at the office 24/7, sleep is a necessity. make up for it with these quality surveillance and security products. digital video recorders digital video recorders no security system is complete without a good dvr to record all of the action. security cameras security cameras nothing says security like a guard that never sleeps. we have surveillance cameras from economical to ultra-high definition at great prices. home & office alarms home & office alarms if you can't keep 'em away, at least you'll know when they're around! not all alarm systems come with astronomical prices and monthly fees. check out our selection of practical alarms for the home and office. dvr lockboxes dvr lockboxes protect the equipment that protects you with these sturdy dvr lockboxes. security system testers security system testers ensure proper installation and configuration for your security system with our state-of-the-art cctv testers. network video recorders network video recorders nvrs are essential for recording from quality video from ip cameras. check out our line of high quality, reliable nvrs for consumer and professional applications. security camera monitors security camera monitors lcd monitors from everfocus that can display your footage with great detail, whether you need a compact screen for personally viewing footage, or a larger public monitor. racks & enclosures racks & enclosures racks & enclosures everything you need to mount, protect, and power your data center equipment is here. open frame racks open frame racks open racks keep network equipment largely exposed. however, they also allow for relatively easy accessibility when compared to a locked up, fully enclosed cabinet. enclosures enclosures floor enclosures offer a feature-rich enclosed environment for housing telecommunication, lan and other electronic equipment. options are available for specific applications. security & lock boxes security & lock boxes take precautions and secure your rackmount equipment, routers, cpus, laptops, audio-video equipment and more with lockable wall-mounted cabinets and floor units. wall mount & ceiling wall mount & ceiling wall mount racks, enclosures and cabinets can free up floor space while providing security and accessibility for network components, audio/visual equipment, and other hardware. rack mount power strips rack mount power strips the denser the wiring, the more critical cable management becomes. rack mount pdus consolidate your power right at the rack before going to the ups. rack cable management rack cable management banish disorder from your server rack or enclosure with rack mount cable managers: brush grommets, routing blanks, lacing bars and the neat patch. hardware & accessories hardware & accessories keep components cool with rackmount fans and vented panels, store excess components with shelves, keyboard trays and security drawers, and increase visibility with rack lighting. rack shelves & drawers rack shelves & drawers durable rack shelves help organize your peripherals and computer to help you maximize your space. secure your non-rackmount items with lockboxes, drawers, and ceiling boxes. rack panels rack panels these panels give racks a clean, "finished" look, increase the structural strength of your rails, block access to network equipment through open rack space, and help guide airflow. rack fans & cooling rack fans & cooling data center & server room cooling options include ventilation fans, rear doors, portable a/c units, skirts and barriers to direct air flow, and temperature monitoring devices. fiber optic enclosures fiber optic enclosures patch fiber optic cables to enclosures with these convenient patch panels and adapters. unloaded or pre-loaded, several customizable options are available to fit your application. kvm switches kvm switches control multiple pcs or server systems from a single keyboard, video monitor, or mouse console. save costs and space by reducing the amount of hardware and wires required. network products network products network products if you needed kitchen sinks for networking, we would carry those, too. patch panels patch panels patch panels are one of the most cost effective, simplest, and popular ways to share connections in your server room or other it application. we have only the highest quality panels from leviton, panduit, signamax, and more. media converters media converters communications technology is constantly changing, but you need not skip a beat. media converters ensure that the transition is seamless. network testers network testersno technician wants to imagine a world without network testers. thanks to cableorganizer, you don't have to. test all of the aspects of your installation from start to finish, diagnose, and repair with network testers from the top brands. network switches network switches your connectivity possibilities are endless with network switches. choose between kvm switches and ethernet switches, many of which can be daisy-chained for an exponential increase in connectivity. wiring systems wiring systems punch blocks are generally used for voice applications, but can be adapted to ethernet with skill. our 110 & 66 blocks are fit for use anywhere they are needed. wireless routers wireless routers distribute your ethernet connection around the home or office with these efficient modems and routers. network connectors network connectors there is nothing sadder than a missed connection. these high quality connectors ensure clear, reliable connections for ethernet, a/v, voice, and fiber optic connections. punch down tools punch down tools punch down tools for terminating cable jacks, from standard hand-powered tools to high end battery-powered options. or choose an all-in-one tool that strips and cuts as well. network/ethernet cables network/ethernet cables our quality cat 3, cat 5, cat 6, and fiber optic cables will keep your cables smooth as glass. many are made in the usa for gsa use. network video recorders network video recorders a network video recorder (nvr) is to the ip camera what a dvr is to the analog camera. it stores your surveillance footage and allows you to view and analyze it. termination kits termination kits anyone who knows the value of having the right tool for the job is in the right place. check out our network tools and kits for all levels of inspection, maintenance, and repair. fiber optic fiber optic so you're setting up a fiber optics network... good for you! you're in the right place. this is the spot to be for your fiber optic network equipment and accessories. electrical supplies electrical supplies electrical supplies here you'll find everything to need to install and control your electrical devices. outlets, switches & boxes outlets, switches & boxes looking to install some electrical outlets? you've come to the right place. here we have electrical boxes, brackets to mount them, and the receptacles or switches to fit inside them. wall plates wall plates everyone knows the electrical wall plate, but that barely scratches the surface of your options. there are hdmi and usb plates, and keystone and gang wall plates you can customize. gfci receptacles/cords gfci receptacles/cords ground fault circuit interrupter (gfci) products protect against risk of electrical shock or fire caused by ground fault currents. many states require them in newer electrical systems. electrical fuses electrical fuses fuses are fairly simple devices, but their importance should not be overlooked. they are vital components that protect equipment from faults. find the right fuse for the job here. timers & thermostats digital timers & thermostats our energy saving thermostats can save up to $150 a year, and our timers include indoor and outdoor offerings to program your lighting, appliances, fountains, fans, and more. termination & connectors termination & connectors need to terminate wires or splice them together? our wire connector selection has you (and your cables) covered! and of course, our termination products conform to ul and csa standards. tapes & adhesives tapes & adhesives we all know what tape is, but you may not know just how many different varieties there are. this section includes the types you've heard of, and some you may never have seen before. conduit conduit protect cables, tubing and hoses from harmful elements with our flexible, durable conduit options. pvc, metal, and fabric varieties are available, as well as fittings and accessories. ac/dc power supplies ac/dc power supplies our power supplies and ac/dc converters are ideal for general electronic servicing, school electronics, laboratories, and hobbyists. power strips & extensions power strips & extensions for power and data to reach you, it needs to travel through a cable at some point. from home extension cords and power strips to desk outlets and ups systems, we'll get you powered up. surge protectors & ups surge protectors & ups these devices are crucial to limit the power that is supplied to electrical devices in the event of an unexpected power surge, such as a lightning strike. raised floor systems raised floor systems modular systems, enclosures, and boxes for your floor-based power, data, a/v and telecomm cable and equipment installations. everything from high capacity systems to simple receptacles. fire protection fire protection fire protection one of the best assets to any electrical or networking installation is the safety of the investment. quality fire protection pays for itself. fire & smoke detectors fire & smoke detectors smoke and carbon monoxide detectors ensure that you're properly warned in the event of a fire or gas leak, when seconds can mean the difference between life and death. ppe arc flash equipment ppe arc flash equipment in the event of an arc flash, make sure you're as protected with protective eyewear, shield kits, hats, hoods, gloves, jackets, coveralls, bibs, arc suppression blankets, & more. fire caulks & sealants fire caulks & sealants properly fill construction gaps and blank openings in walls and floors with our fire caulk and sealing products: silicone and latex caulks, putty, expanding foam and more. fire caulk guns fire caulk guns simplify the application of glues, sealants, caulks and other tube cartridges around your home or workspace with our range of fire caulk guns. fire stop devices fire stop devices prevent the spread of flames between rooms or levels of buildings with protection at the entry and exit points of any cables or devices that run through them. fire bricks, pillows & more fire bricks, pillows & more keep fires contained for as long as possible with expanding fire pillows and bricks, and composite sheets can be placed in sensitive areas to stop fire spreading. fire mortar mix fire mortar mix these lightweight mortars bond to concrete, metal, plastic, wood, cable jacketing, and more to seal gaps and prevent flames from spreading in the event of a fire. emergency signs & lights emergency signs & lights make sure escape routes and exits in your office or retail space are clearly marked and fall within osha standards with our wide range of emergency lighting units and exit signs. fire alarm cables fire alarm cables be certain that your critical connections won't fail in the event of an emergency with the right cables for your burglar alarms, fire and smoke detectors, and security devices. tools tools tools being good with your hands is one thing, but your hands are no substitute for the right tools! from networking to electrical, get the right tool for the job here. hand tools hand tools cableorganizer offers just about every hand tool in existence. see for yourself. strippers, crimpers & cutters strippers, crimpesr & cutters complete your wire installation & maintenance with these tools to prepare and terminate many types of cables power tools power tools put the power in your hands with our great selection drills, heat guns, benders, crimpers, and just about every other tool with a cord, battery, and motor. tapes & adhesives tapes & adhesives we all know what tape is, but you may not know just how many different varieties there are. this section includes the types you've heard of, and some you may never have seen before. wire installation wire installation our world runs on electricity, so wire installation is a critical operation. we got your fish tapes, conduit benders, cable lubes, and more to make the operation as smooth as possible. tool storage tool storage lost tools are one of the top expenses for skilled workers across the board. choose a fitting tool bag, box, cart, or chest from our wide selection to keep your tools in your reach and your money in your pocket. heating tools heating tools heat guns, torches and more hot air tools to solder connections and apply heat shrink tubing test instruments test instrumentsno technician wants to imagine a world without a tester. thanks to cableorganizer, you don't have to. test all of the aspects of your installation from start to finish, diagnose, and repair with network testers from the top brands. sensors & scanners sensors & scanners make sure you properly locate pipes and/or cables underground or in walls before digging, or check the area with numerous types of meters. protective cases protective cases the adventurer will need much more than the average human to keep his or her valuables protected. from heavy duty, watertight phone cases to rack cases, we ensure it will get there in one piece. cleaners & degreasers cleaners & degreasers keep valuable equipment clean and protected from dirt, moisture and more with these sprays, compounds, wipes, and more. flashlights flashlights keep safe and work in low lit areas with led & xenon lamps and lights shop by brand shop by brand shop by brand shop top brands to find the best solutions for your cable management, electrical, network, data and telecomm needs, as well as the tools and accessories to help you get the job done panduit panduit panduit has been a global leader in communications & wiring since 1955. their products include cable ties, network communications jacks, faceplates, surface raceways, & wire duct wiremold legrand wiremold legrand the cable management arm of legrand, wiremold offers cord protectors, faceplates, jack modules, connectors, firestops, and work surface pdcs middle atlantic middle atlantic since 1979, middle atlantic has been a trusted maker of racks & rack accessories for server & home theater applications, as well as rackmount lighting, furniture & power distribution altinex altinex in addition to making desk outlets like the interconnect and the tilt 'n' plug, altinex also offers intera faceplates, as well as converters, connectors and amplifiers byrne electrical byrne electrical founded in 1970, byrne provides a stylish and functional range of electrical solutions including desk outlets, grommets, and power & data distribution systems kendall howard kendall howard we carry the complete kendall howard line including cabinets and racks for walls and floors, as well as work benches, shelves and drawers, cable management solutions and accessories fsr inc fsr inc for over 30 years, fsr has been manufacturing audio, video, and power boxes for tabletop, floor, ceiling, and wall, as well as the digital ribbon hdmi cable hellermanntyton hellermanntyton a leading manufacturer of solutions to manage and identify wire, cable and components, hellermanntyton offers ties, clamps, raceway, sleeving, heat shrink, label printers, tapes & more neat-patch neat-patch the ultimate in network cable management, neat patch's horizontal wire manager system is unlike any other. they also offer smart packs of patch cords to ensure an organized network dymo dymo founded as an embossing company in 1958 and acquired by newell rubbermaid in 2005, dymo offers a complete range of label printer solutions for the office, warehouse, worksite, and home great lakes great lakes great lakes case & cabinet is a leading manufacturer of racks, enclosures, technical furniture and accessories for data, communication, broadcast, sound and security applications black box black box comprehensive networking solutions including racks & cabinets, patch panels, switches, extenders, cables, patch cords, connectors, testers, tools, & more get deals in your inbox! email address: cableorganizer.com will not sell or rent your email address. privacy policy company press room about us privacy policy shipping policy career better business bureau customer service contact us return policy gsa ordering info international shipping request a quote testimonials volume discounts pick up your order my account info log-in to account purchase orders & accounts track your order online most popular links how do i order catalogs? sign up for our newsletter 6250 nw 27th way, fort lauderdale, fl 33309 toll free: 866-222-0030 local: 954-861-2000  fax: 954-861-2001  email: sales@cableorganizer.com cableorganizer® is a registered trademark of the cableorganizer.com, llc. company. all rights reserved. copyright © 2002 - 2015 cableorganizer.com, llc. all rights reserved added to your cart: x close loading minicart shipping - zip code estimateshipping continueshopping proceed tocheckout »