来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151228123701/http://www.cableorganizer.com/answers/shipping.html
================================================================================

cableorganizer.com faqs - shipping policy and shipping costs call our cable management experts 1-866-222-0030 contact us | my account | order status | login view cart: $0.00   checkout no order too big or too small products cable management desk outlets & grommets desk organizers cable protection labeling wires & cables security racks & enclosures network products electrical supplies fire protection & safety power & data distribution tools shop by brand shop by industry automotive computing home theater industrial networking movie music office government gsa ordering info learning center specials credit application it looks like javascript has been either disabled or blocked in your current browser. disabled javascript greatly reduces the functionality of our site, so in order for you to enjoy the best browsing experience possible, we recommend that you re-enable javascript, or disable any possible javascript-blocking add-ons that you may have previously installed. you can learn how to enable javascript in your browser by going to http://activatejavascript.org. in the meantime, if you have any questions or would just prefer to place your order by phone, please call us toll-free at 866-222-0030 - we'll be happy to help. home customer service faq cableorganizer.com knowledge database - f.a.q.shipping at cableorganizer.com, fast and accurate order turnaround is one of our top priorities... after all, no one likes to wait! when you place an order with us, you can be confident that we're doing everything we can to get your products on their way as quickly as possible, via some of the safest, most reliable carriers in the industry. shipping methods for standard orders, we ship via ups and the united states postal service (usps). in most cases, at checkout you'll be given the option to select which carrier, cost and speed of delivery works best for you. for large items that require lift gate service or other special handling, delivery will be made by a specialized freight carrier. please be aware when selecting our "economy" shipping option, this service utilizes expedited mail innovations or surepost and can take up to 10 business days for delivery. if you need an item to be delivered within a specific time frame, please consider this factor in your decision when selecting a shipment method. shipping costs shipping costs are automatically calculated in your online shopping cart, and are based on the size and weight of your items, their destination, and which shipping method you choose. our shipping rates are quoted to you directly from real time ups and usps shipping calculators, and include a small handling fee. cableorganizer.com does not make a profit from shipping costs, and we do everything we can to keep them as low as possible. if you ever feel that a quoted shipping rate seems extravagantly high for the products you're ordering, please feel free to contact us toll-free at 866-222-0030, and we'll be happy to double check it for accuracy. please note, if you wish to ship an item using your own personal account with a particular shipping service, you will be responsible for the payment of those charges. how fast will my order ship? items that are in stock and sent directly from our warehouse will ship in 24 to 48 hours. in most cases, if you place an order before 2:00pm et and the requested item(s) are in stock, it will leave our warehouse the same day. if an item you order needs to be drop-shipped from one of our vendors, we'll make sure that they ship it out within 2 business days. if you're on a tight deadline and need same day shipping, please don't hesitate to ask - we'll do our absolute best to accommodate you. please be aware that expedited orders placed on saturday, sunday, or on shipping holidays will ship out the following business day. this means that next day shipping or 2-day shipping orders placed over the weekend will ship out the following monday. unfortunately, we are unable to accommodate shipping on non-business days. shipment confirmation and tracking when your order ships, we'll send you a confirmation e-mail, complete with estimated delivery date and tracking information (if you selected a trackable shipping method). orders shipped ups always include signature tracking, and first class, priority and express mail have delivery confirmation. if your order is being shipped internationally, please keep in mind that tracking beyond the united states is only available through ups. will i need to sign for my delivery? if your order ships via ups, someone will need sign for it upon delivery, as we always use signature tracking to ensure that your shipment arrives safely. orders sent via usps include delivery confirmation, but they generally don't require a signature. international shipping need to have an order shipped internationally? no problem! we're able to ship product around the world via both ups and usps. please keep in mind that when you place an international order, you are responsible for all applicable duty and taxes, and that international order tracking is available only through ups. view our complete international shipping policy hazardous materials shipping please note that some of the products available at cableorganizer.com are designated “orm-d,” meaning that the faa classifies them as potentially hazardous materials because they're liquids, have a particular chemical content, or are packaged in pressurized containers. due to federal regulations, orm-d items can only be shipped ground, and can't be sent beyond the 48 contiguous united states. package guarantees in the unlikely situation that your shipment doesn't arrive at its destination, we're happy to issue replacement items. however, packages issued without tracking numbers are more difficult to trace after leaving our facility, so for your convenience and protection, we highly recommend choosing a trackable shipping method (ups ground being the surest bet). special shipping needs if you'd like order tracking, signature confirmation, insurance or other special shipping considerations that may not be automatically included with your chosen shipping method, please leave us a note in the “comment” field during checkout, or call us directly to make a request. we'll do everything we can to accommodate you! *in the event that your chosen shipping method isn't available at the time of shipment, we'll send your order via the closest comparable option, at no additional cost to you. freight shipping: your shipment is being transported via freight truck, and we want you to be aware of and outline your rights, responsibilities and important things to know as the end recipient. much can happen on the way from the manufacturer to your doorstep, so please understand the importance of inspecting your item immediately upon receipt and reporting any damage. do not sign off on a damaged item without making a note of it. failure to do so could result in an inability to collect on a damage claim. as much as we would like to assist you in these matters, freight companies will not work with us if a claim is not reported within 5 days of receipt of your shipment. before signing for your item: do not be intimidated by the driver, as they cannot leave until the bill of lading or freight bill is signed by you (regardless of whether they claim to be in a hurry). on arrival, inspect the shipment immediately for obvious signs of damage. should you determine that any items are damaged or missing, you must note the item, the discrepancy, and write the damages/condition on the bill of lading or freight bill before you sign it! if you do not inspect before signing you are waiving the right to collect on a damage claim even if the damage is discovered later (known as concealed damage). open all cartons and packaging. if damage is not noted on the bill of lading or freight bill, the liability to prove that the delivering carrier did the damage becomes your responsibility. whenever signing for freight, always write "subject to inspection". after you've determined that the condition and quantity of your freight is acceptable, you can then sign the delivery receipt. the driver will provide you with a copy, taking the signed copy with them (as a delivery receipt). if one is not offered, request one, as is your right. the bill of lading or freight bill is the only documentation of the condition of a shipment when it arrives at your location. without this document, we cannot hold others accountable for items damaged or missing. your signature on the delivering carrier's freight bill of lading (bol) constitutes acceptance of the merchandise as is and in good order. if the box, crate, or merchandise is visibly damaged: note on the freight bill any obvious damage at the time of delivery (i.e. box corners crushed, tears, rips, slices, marks etc.); and be as specific and thorough as possible. refuse the delivery and contact us immediately to request a return authorization number so the merchandise can be shipped back to its origin at no charge. we will ask you to email or fax us a copy of the bill of lading that notes the freight damage. take digital photography of the damage. if possible, photographs of the equipment still on the truck will limit your liability. keep a copy of the bill of lading or freight bill noting the damage. if there is "concealed damage" (ie. damage that is not immediately apparent upon initial inspection or is discovered at a later date after shipment has been signed for): if damage is not discovered upon initial inspection, it must still be reported within 5 days of receipt of the shipment. failure to do so will result in an inability to file a claim with the freight carrier. if you are ordering an item in advance of need, do not wait until installation to inspect the shipment for damage. in these cases, if damage is discovered, it is the consignee’s sole responsibility to contact the freight carrier directly and pursue a claim. document and photograph all damage, keep all packaging, and do not move the item. hold all damaged goods in their original location for inspection by the carrier. cableorganizer.com is not responsible for damaged or missing items that occur during freight transport. we will assist you to the best of our capabilities in dealing with the freight company, but any claims of damage must be filed directly with the freight company and it is ultimately the responsibility of the carrier to deliver the goods in satisfactory, undamaged condition. have additional questions about shipping? just call us toll-free at 866-222-0030, or send an e-mail to sales@cableorganizer.com, and we'll be happy to get you the answers you need! what can make this page better? we do everything we can think of to provide you with the product specs, images and ordering info you need, but if we're missing something or still have room to improve, please let us know. your comments, suggestions and questions are the best tools we have for serving you better! cable management cable management cable managementeliminate cable clutter absolutely anywhere with our large variety of solutions. cable raceway cable racewayscable raceway is one of the most diverse cable management solutions available. run power and data along the floor, wall, or other surface to increase safety and maintain aesthetics. cable sleeving cable sleevingprotect your wires and cables from abrasion, extreme temperature, chemicals, vibration and more with cable sleeving braided sleeving wire loom & conduit spiral wraps cable trays cable traysthe perfect solution for running large quantities of power or data cables overhead or under-floor. choose from basket, solid, and ladder trays, or the flexible snaketray. wire duct wire ducteasily insert, drop and pull cables out of duct to organize and re-organize: wide, norrow, closed and solid slots. heat shrink heat shrinkheat shrink may be used for insulation, termination, labeling and more. it's a protective, great looking solution that can be customized at a nominal cost. cable & hose carriers cable & hose carriersthese chains and carriers are designed to protect and guide hoses and cables on automated machinery to maintain the optimum bend radius and prevent breaking and tangling. cable support systems cable support systemshangers, rings, clips, saddles, trays and more solutions for supporting your suspended fiber optic, electrical, or a/v cable bundles along walls and ceilings. cable ties cable tiesstandard nylon ties, mountable and releasable ties, metal ties, velcro fasteners, and applicators, including cable tie guns and twist-tie machines. wraps, clips & clamps wraps, clips & clampsfind the right option for securing, bundling, routing and protecting your cables: clips, clamps, wraps, grommets, cable staples, and adhesives. velcro wraps & fasteners velcro wraps & fastenershook-and-loop fasteners securely tie your cable bundles, but can simply and easily be removed, resized and re-used to suit your particular needs. cord reels & winders cord reels & windersmanage your extensions & control your cable feed with our cord reels & winders, whether you need winders for thousands of feet of industrial cable, or a reel for personal cord use. fabric cord covers fabric cord coversbundle or cover cords and hoses with these flexible and stylish solutions that range from our decorative silk cord covers to the rugged leather welding hose covers. desk outlets & grommets desk outlets & grommets desk outlets & grommetsstay connected at your desk & protect wires going through holes removable desk outlets removable desk outletslooking for easy access to your connections without cutting a big hole in your desk? check out here! stretch those connections from the wall to your desktop as conveniently as possible. built-in outlets & inserts built-in outlets & insertsstop stretching and tripping over cables to make connections. install desk outlets right into your workstations for solid connectivity, safety & great looks. pop-up desk outlets pop-up desk outletsone of the most useful devices one could ever have on a desk or kitchen counter. just press on it and out come all the ethernet, a/v, usb, and power outlets you need. desk grommets desk grommetsthis solution could not be simpler, more affordable or more popular. there's a grommet for your desk here. floor grommets floor grommetsgrommets aren't only for desks! get these heavy duty grommets to run wiring through your raised flooring. rubber grommets & more rubber grommets, bushings & bumperswe have a great selection of rubber grommets & bushings for electrical, automotive & other cable pass applications. desk organizers desk organizers desk organizerswhen your desk cables are organized, every day feels like friday. desk cable management desk cable managementmanage, hide & store your desk cables and wires with our trays, boxes, raceways & other organizers. and our office organization kits have everything you need in one place. computer mounts & kits computer mounts & kitsget your tower off the floor and your laptop or tablet off of your desk with our mounts, to maximize space and minimize accidents. also, prevent the theft of computers and peripherals. charging stations & plugs charging stations & plugsnever drain your battery again with our usb hubs, plugs and multi-device stations for charging your tables, smartphones, and other mobile devices. computer workstations computer workstationsfind all your work tables here, from single to multiple users; we offer many options of these production increasing furniture arrangements. mobile/tablet accessories mobile/tablet accessoriesget the most out of your smartphones, laptops, ipads, kindles and more with our convenient, stylish hands-free bluelounge stands and mobile accessories. wraps, clips & clamps wraps, clips & clampsfind the right option for securing, bundling, routing and protecting your cables: clips, clamps, wraps, grommets, cable staples, and adhesives. velcro wraps & fasteners velcro wraps & fastenershook-and-loop fasteners securely tie your cable bundles, but can simply and easily be removed, resized and re-used to suit your particular needs. cable identification tags cable identification tagsthese tags, ties and markers will help you label and identify your cables and wires easily, without the confusion or guesswork. cable cover protection cable cover protection cable cover protectionprotect your cables and personnel from each other with these cord covers for all duties. floor cord covers floor cord coversprotect your cables from traffic, protect your traffic from cables. get your cables covers here, from pedestrian to heavy utility vehicle. power extension covers power extension coversrun power across a room without creating a trip hazard. power and data options are available, as well as blank boxes for data, telecom, coax, or fiber optic cables. fabric cord covers fabric cord coversflexible and stylish selections that offer a neat solution for bundling or covering cords and hoses, from decorative silk cord covers to the rugged leather welding hose covers. ada/handicap ramps ada/handicap rampslow profile cable connectors, cord covers, ramps and rail systems that provide safe, ada compliant access across cables and hoses for wheelchairs and pedestrians. cable labels & printers cable labels & printers cable labels & printersimagine life without labeling on anything. wasn't that weird? identify your cables and other items with these quality labelers and labels. cable identification tags cable identification tagsthese tags, ties and markers will help you label and identify your cables and wires easily, without the confusion or guesswork. pipe marking pipe markingeverything you need for labeling your pipes, including vinyl markers, reflective tape, fasteners, strap-on markers and ties. wire markers wire markerscustomizable booklets, dispensers and tags for wire identification - available in many styles including heat shrinkable labels, tape, wire wrap and more. heat shrink labels heat shrink labelssleeve-style labels that conform and adhere to cables and wires, so there's no danger of slipping or peeling from their intended surface. label printers label printersa wide variety of printers featuring economical solutions for home or office, and industrial models for high volume and harsh environments. label tapes & cartridges label tapes & cartridgesreplacement cartridges for label printers and tape dispensers for a variety of applications including heat shrink labels, marker plates and more. wires & cables wires & cables wires & cableskeep your electrical, network, or home theater equipment wired (without the use of coffee). network cables network cablesnetwork cables and patch cords including cat3, cat5, cat5e and cat6 cables, as well as our fiber optics and modular plugs and boots to help protect and secure your connection. electrical wires & cables electrical wires & cablescontrol, power, bus cables; shielded and non-shielded cables for commercial and industrial applications, as well as tools for handling batteries on vehicles and machinery. audio/video cables audio/video cablesa/v cables for home theaters, recording studios, and performance venues: s-video, vga, component, hdmi, dvi, instrument & microphone cords, speaker wires, and more. coaxial cables coaxial cablescoax cables for virtually any application. indoor, outdoor, plenum-rated, dual & quad shielded, even flat cables; great for schools, hospitals, security systems, and home theaters. power extension cords power extension cordsstandard extension cords to power your home devices, industrial cables for your commercial machinery, and everything in between; from a few inches long to hundreds of feet. usb, firewire & hubs usb, firewire & hubscharging cables, adapter cables, extenders, hubs for transforming one port into several, and connector kits that offer different firewire configurations. fiber optic cables fiber optic cablesa wide selection of optical cables, both single and multi-mode, with many customizable configurations available based on color, length and more. fire alarm security cable fire alarm security cablebe certain that your critical connections won't fail in the event of an emergency with the right cables for your burglar alarms, fire and smoke detectors, and security devices. music & instruments music & instrumentscord solutions for your recording studio, nightclub, or concert venue, including cables for guitars, bass, keyboards, speakers, patch bays, rackmount equipment and more. safety equipment safety equipment safety equipmenta comprehensive selection of personal & industrial safety equipment, protective clothing, non slip anti-fatigue mats, crowd control, traffic safety, lighting & more. crowd control crowd controlsafety products for crowd control including retractable belt stanchions and barricades. temporary and permanent solutions for moderate to heavy crowds, both indoors and outside. industrial floor mats industrial floor matsincrease traction and ease leg fatigue with our industrial quality floormats for high traffic and extended use areas. rubber and pvc vinyl mats for wet, oily, or dry environments. industrial safety industrial safetylockout and tagout safety tools and kits for live circuit applications. de-energize unused circuits and ports to reduce the risk of electrical injury and block unwanted access. speed bumps & humps speed bumps & humpseasy to install permanent or modular speed inhibitors for controlling speed in driveways, parking lots, jobsites, residential areas, emergency situations, and more. cribbing & chock blocks cribbing & chock blockskeep your workspace safe and be prepared for emergency situations, accidents and crowd control with our products including floor mats, cribbing, cones, stanchions, and barricades. traffic safety traffic safetyhelp control speed, direct traffic away from sensitive areas and protect equipment with traffic cones, delineators, bollard posts, column protectors and more. insulated tools insulated toolstools that protect against electrical shock via two layers: a base coat bonded to the tool, and a flame resistant outer layer. pliers, strippers, cutters, screwdrivers, and more. ppe arc flash equipment ppe arc flash equipmentin the event of an arc flash, make sure you're as protected with protective eyewear, shield kits, hats, hoods, gloves, jackets, coveralls, bibs, arc suppression blankets, & more. lighting lightinghandheld flashlights, outdoor floodlights, rackmount lights for network component illumation, heavy duty work lamps, energy efficient bulbs, and wall packs. emergency signs & lights emergency signs & lightsmake sure escape routes and exits in your office or retail space are clearly marked and fall within osha standards with our wide range of emergency lighting units and exit signs. ada/handicap ramps ada/handicap rampslow profile cable connectors, cord covers, ramps and rail systems that provide safe, ada compliant access across cables and hoses for wheelchairs and pedestrians. storm preparedness kit storm preparedness kitmaximize the potential of your generator before, during, and after the storm.. fiber optic fiber optic fiber opticso you're setting up a fiber optics network... good for you! you're in the right place. this is the spot to be for your fiber optic network equipment and accessories. fiber optic cables fiber optic cablesa wide selection of optical cables, both single and multi-mode, with many customizable configurations available based on color, length and more. fiber optic testers fiber optic testerstest for power loss and continuity issues in simplex, duplex, bundled and multimode fiber optic cables before and after installation. ideal for maintaining fiber networks. fiber optic termination fiber optic terminationstrip the fiber optic cable, cleave and splice it, and then successfully terminate it. fiber optic enclosures fiber optic enclosuresrack/wall mount enclosures designed for fiber optic applications, nema-rated outdoor cabinets for harsh environments, and splice trays to protect and hide bare fiber splices. fiber optic patch panels fiber optic patch panelsmaximize efficiency in data centers or server rooms with convenient patch panels and adapters. unloaded or pre-loaded, with a number of different customizable options available. cleaners & consumables cleaners & consumablesproducts to clean fiber optics to keep them working properly, clean dust and lint from electronics equipment, remove excess solder after soldering jobs, and more. security & surveillance security & surveillance security & surveillanceas much as we all want to stand guard at the office 24/7, sleep is a necessity. make up for it with these quality surveillance and security products. digital video recorders digital video recordersno security system is complete without a good dvr to record all of the action. security cameras security camerasnothing says security like a guard that never sleeps. we have surveillance cameras from economical to ultra-high definition at great prices. home & office alarms home & office alarmsif you can't keep 'em away, at least you'll know when they're around! not all alarm systems come with astronomical prices and monthly fees. check out our selection of practical alarms for the home and office. dvr lockboxes dvr lockboxesprotect the equipment that protects you with these sturdy dvr lockboxes. security system testers security system testersensure proper installation and configuration for your security system with our state-of-the-art cctv testers. network video recorders network video recordersnvrs are essential for recording from quality video from ip cameras. check out our line of high quality, reliable nvrs for consumer and professional applications. security camera monitors security camera monitorslcd monitors from everfocus that can display your footage with great detail, whether you need a compact screen for personally viewing footage, or a larger public monitor. racks & enclosures racks & enclosures racks & enclosureseverything you need to mount, protect, and power your data center equipment is here. open frame racks open frame racksopen racks keep network equipment largely exposed. however, they also allow for relatively easy accessibility when compared to a locked up, fully enclosed cabinet. enclosures enclosuresfloor enclosures offer a feature-rich enclosed environment for housing telecommunication, lan and other electronic equipment. options are available for specific applications. security & lock boxes security & lock boxestake precautions and secure your rackmount equipment, routers, cpus, laptops, audio-video equipment and more with lockable wall-mounted cabinets and floor units. wall mount & ceiling wall mount & ceilingwall mount racks, enclosures and cabinets can free up floor space while providing security and accessibility for network components, audio/visual equipment, and other hardware. rack mount power strips rack mount power stripsthe denser the wiring, the more critical cable management becomes. rack mount pdus consolidate your power right at the rack before going to the ups. rack cable management rack cable managementbanish disorder from your server rack or enclosure with rack mount cable managers: brush grommets, routing blanks, lacing bars and the neat patch. hardware & accessories hardware & accessorieskeep components cool with rackmount fans and vented panels, store excess components with shelves, keyboard trays and security drawers, and increase visibility with rack lighting. rack shelves & drawers rack shelves & drawersdurable rack shelves help organize your peripherals and computer to help you maximize your space. secure your non-rackmount items with lockboxes, drawers, and ceiling boxes. rack panels rack panelsthese panels give racks a clean, "finished" look, increase the structural strength of your rails, block access to network equipment through open rack space, and help guide airflow. rack fans & cooling rack fans & coolingdata center & server room cooling options include ventilation fans, rear doors, portable a/c units, skirts and barriers to direct air flow, and temperature monitoring devices. fiber optic enclosures fiber optic enclosurespatch fiber optic cables to enclosures with these convenient patch panels and adapters. unloaded or pre-loaded, several customizable options are available to fit your application. kvm switches kvm switchescontrol multiple pcs or server systems from a single keyboard, video monitor, or mouse console. save costs and space by reducing the amount of hardware and wires required. network products network products network productsif you needed kitchen sinks for networking, we would carry those, too. patch panels patch panelspatch panels are one of the most cost effective, simplest, and popular ways to share connections in your server room or other it application. we have only the highest quality panels from leviton, panduit, signamax, and more. media converters media converterscommunications technology is constantly changing, but you need not skip a beat. media converters ensure that the transition is seamless. network testers network testersno technician wants to imagine a world without network testers. thanks to cableorganizer, you don't have to. test all of the aspects of your installation from start to finish, diagnose, and repair with network testers from the top brands. network switches network switchesyour connectivity possibilities are endless with network switches. choose between kvm switches and ethernet switches, many of which can be daisy-chained for an exponential increase in connectivity. wiring systems wiring systemspunch blocks are generally used for voice applications, but can be adapted to ethernet with skill. our 110 & 66 blocks are fit for use anywhere they are needed. wireless routers wireless routersdistribute your ethernet connection around the home or office with these efficient modems and routers. network connectors network connectorsthere is nothing sadder than a missed connection. these high quality connectors ensure clear, reliable connections for ethernet, a/v, voice, and fiber optic connections. punch down tools punch down toolspunch down tools for terminating cable jacks, from standard hand-powered tools to high end battery-powered options. or choose an all-in-one tool that strips and cuts as well. network/ethernet cables network/ethernet cablesour quality cat 3, cat 5, cat 6, and fiber optic cables will keep your cables smooth as glass. many are made in the usa for gsa use. network video recorders network video recordersa network video recorder (nvr) is to the ip camera what a dvr is to the analog camera. it stores your surveillance footage and allows you to view and analyze it. termination kits termination kitsanyone who knows the value of having the right tool for the job is in the right place. check out our network tools and kits for all levels of inspection, maintenance, and repair. fiber optic fiber opticso you're setting up a fiber optics network... good for you! you're in the right place. this is the spot to be for your fiber optic network equipment and accessories. electrical supplies electrical supplies electrical supplieshere you'll find everything to need to install and control your electrical devices. outlets, switches & boxes outlets, switches & boxeslooking to install some electrical outlets? you've come to the right place. here we have electrical boxes, brackets to mount them, and the receptacles or switches to fit inside them. wall plates wall plateseveryone knows the electrical wall plate, but that barely scratches the surface of your options. there are hdmi and usb plates, and keystone and gang wall plates you can customize. gfci receptacles/cords gfci receptacles/cordsground fault circuit interrupter (gfci) products protect against risk of electrical shock or fire caused by ground fault currents. many states require them in newer electrical systems. electrical fuses electrical fusesfuses are fairly simple devices, but their importance should not be overlooked. they are vital components that protect equipment from faults. find the right fuse for the job here. timers & thermostats digital timers & thermostatsour energy saving thermostats can save up to $150 a year, and our timers include indoor and outdoor offerings to program your lighting, appliances, fountains, fans, and more. termination & connectors termination & connectorsneed to terminate wires or splice them together? our wire connector selection has you (and your cables) covered! and of course, our termination products conform to ul and csa standards. tapes & adhesives tapes & adhesiveswe all know what tape is, but you may not know just how many different varieties there are. this section includes the types you've heard of, and some you may never have seen before. conduit conduitprotect cables, tubing and hoses from harmful elements with our flexible, durable conduit options. pvc, metal, and fabric varieties are available, as well as fittings and accessories. ac/dc power supplies ac/dc power suppliesour power supplies and ac/dc converters are ideal for general electronic servicing, school electronics, laboratories, and hobbyists. power strips & extensions power strips & extensionsfor power and data to reach you, it needs to travel through a cable at some point. from home extension cords and power strips to desk outlets and ups systems, we'll get you powered up. surge protectors & ups surge protectors & upsthese devices are crucial to limit the power that is supplied to electrical devices in the event of an unexpected power surge, such as a lightning strike. raised floor systems raised floor systemsmodular systems, enclosures, and boxes for your floor-based power, data, a/v and telecomm cable and equipment installations. everything from high capacity systems to simple receptacles. fire protection fire protection fire protectionone of the best assets to any electrical or networking installation is the safety of the investment. quality fire protection pays for itself. fire & smoke detectors fire & smoke detectorssmoke and carbon monoxide detectors ensure that you're properly warned in the event of a fire or gas leak, when seconds can mean the difference between life and death. ppe arc flash equipment ppe arc flash equipmentin the event of an arc flash, make sure you're as protected with protective eyewear, shield kits, hats, hoods, gloves, jackets, coveralls, bibs, arc suppression blankets, & more. fire caulks & sealants fire caulks & sealantsproperly fill construction gaps and blank openings in walls and floors with our fire caulk and sealing products: silicone and latex caulks, putty, expanding foam and more. fire caulk guns fire caulk gunssimplify the application of glues, sealants, caulks and other tube cartridges around your home or workspace with our range of fire caulk guns. fire stop devices fire stop devicesprevent the spread of flames between rooms or levels of buildings with protection at the entry and exit points of any cables or devices that run through them. fire bricks, pillows & more fire bricks, pillows & morekeep fires contained for as long as possible with expanding fire pillows and bricks, and composite sheets can be placed in sensitive areas to stop fire spreading. fire mortar mix fire mortar mixthese lightweight mortars bond to concrete, metal, plastic, wood, cable jacketing, and more to seal gaps and prevent flames from spreading in the event of a fire. emergency signs & lights emergency signs & lightsmake sure escape routes and exits in your office or retail space are clearly marked and fall within osha standards with our wide range of emergency lighting units and exit signs. fire alarm cables fire alarm cablesbe certain that your critical connections won't fail in the event of an emergency with the right cables for your burglar alarms, fire and smoke detectors, and security devices. tools tools toolsbeing good with your hands is one thing, but your hands are no substitute for the right tools! from networking to electrical, get the right tool for the job here. hand tools hand toolscableorganizer offers just about every hand tool in existence. see for yourself. strippers, crimpers & cutters strippers, crimpesr & cutterscomplete your wire installation & maintenance with these tools to prepare and terminate many types of cables power tools power toolsput the power in your hands with our great selection drills, heat guns, benders, crimpers, and just about every other tool with a cord, battery, and motor. tapes & adhesives tapes & adhesiveswe all know what tape is, but you may not know just how many different varieties there are. this section includes the types you've heard of, and some you may never have seen before. wire installation wire installationour world runs on electricity, so wire installation is a critical operation. we got your fish tapes, conduit benders, cable lubes, and more to make the operation as smooth as possible. tool storage tool storagelost tools are one of the top expenses for skilled workers across the board. choose a fitting tool bag, box, cart, or chest from our wide selection to keep your tools in your reach and your money in your pocket. heating tools heating toolsheat guns, torches and more hot air tools to solder connections and apply heat shrink tubing test instruments test instrumentsno technician wants to imagine a world without a tester. thanks to cableorganizer, you don't have to. test all of the aspects of your installation from start to finish, diagnose, and repair with network testers from the top brands. sensors & scanners sensors & scannersmake sure you properly locate pipes and/or cables underground or in walls before digging, or check the area with numerous types of meters. protective cases protective casesthe adventurer will need much more than the average human to keep his or her valuables protected. from heavy duty, watertight phone cases to rack cases, we ensure it will get there in one piece. cleaners & degreasers cleaners & degreaserskeep valuable equipment clean and protected from dirt, moisture and more with these sprays, compounds, wipes, and more. flashlights flashlightskeep safe and work in low lit areas with led & xenon lamps and lights shop by brand shop by brand shop by brandshop top brands to find the best solutions for your cable management, electrical, network, data and telecomm needs, as well as the tools and accessories to help you get the job done panduit panduitpanduit has been a global leader in communications & wiring since 1955. their products include cable ties, network communications jacks, faceplates, surface raceways, & wire duct wiremold legrand wiremold legrandthe cable management arm of legrand, wiremold offers cord protectors, faceplates, jack modules, connectors, firestops, and work surface pdcs middle atlantic middle atlanticsince 1979, middle atlantic has been a trusted maker of racks & rack accessories for server & home theater applications, as well as rackmount lighting, furniture & power distribution altinex altinexin addition to making desk outlets like the interconnect and the tilt 'n' plug, altinex also offers intera faceplates, as well as converters, connectors and amplifiers kendall howard kendall howardwe carry the complete kendall howard line including cabinets and racks for walls and floors, as well as work benches, shelves and drawers, cable management solutions and accessories fsr inc fsr incfor over 30 years, fsr has been manufacturing audio, video, and power boxes for tabletop, floor, ceiling, and wall, as well as the digital ribbon hdmi cable hellermanntyton hellermanntytona leading manufacturer of solutions to manage and identify wire, cable and components, hellermanntyton offers ties, clamps, raceway, sleeving, heat shrink, label printers, tapes & more neat-patch neat-patchthe ultimate in network cable management, neat patch's horizontal wire manager system is unlike any other. they also offer smart packs of patch cords to ensure an organized network dymo dymofounded as an embossing company in 1958 and acquired by newell rubbermaid in 2005, dymo offers a complete range of label printer solutions for the office, warehouse, worksite, and home great lakes great lakesgreat lakes case & cabinet is a leading manufacturer of racks, enclosures, technical furniture and accessories for data, communication, broadcast, sound and security applications black box black boxcomprehensive networking solutions including racks & cabinets, patch panels, switches, extenders, cables, patch cords, connectors, testers, tools, & more cableorganizer.com will not sell or rent your email address. privacy policy. subscribe free! company press room about us privacy policy shipping policy career better business bureau customer service contact us return policy gsa ordering info international shipping request a quote testimonials volume discounts pick up your order my account info log-in to account purchase orders & accounts track your order online most popular links how do i order catalogs? sign up for our newsletter 6250 nw 27th way, fort lauderdale, fl 33309 toll free: 866-222-0030 local: 954-861-2000  fax: 954-861-2001  email: sales@cableorganizer.com cableorganizer® is a registered trademark of the cableorganizer.com, llc. company. all rights reserved. copyright © 2002 - 2015 cableorganizer.com, llc. all rights reserved items added to your cart close x loading minicart shipping - zip code estimate shipping continueshopping proceed tocheckout »