来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161126134739/http://www.cableorganizer.com/free-shipping-zone/
================================================================================

free shipping zone - cableorganizer.com contact us my account order status login view cart: $0.00   checkout 866-222-0030 home shop by industry automotive computing home theater industrial networking movie music office government learning center specials ships today free shipping zone credit application it looks like javascript has been either disabled or blocked in your current browser. disabled javascript greatly reduces the functionality of our site, so in order for you to enjoy the best browsing experience possible, we recommend that you re-enable javascript, or disable any possible javascript-blocking add-ons that you may have previously installed. you can learn how to enable javascript in your browser by going to http://activatejavascript.org. in the meantime, if you have any questions or would just prefer to place your order by phone, please call us toll-free at 866-222-0030 - we'll be happy to help. homefree shipping zone free shipping zone welcome to our free shipping zone. everything in this category includes zero shipping charges*. hundreds of cable management, power and connectivity products ship free, so check it out, and enjoy the savings! f6 braided wrap-around sleeving flame retardant from / 100 ft per spool resistant to chemicals and solvents, self-extinguishing f6® wrap-around sleeving protects cables and prevents flame spread in aircraft, concert hall, theater, and nightclub wiring. twist lock from able to secure cable bundles with just a twist, these nylon 6/6 cable clips let you add, remove, and update cables over and over again. greenlee punchdown tool price this punchdown tool allows you to terminate 66, 110, bix, and krone cross-connect and wall jacks, and creates a corrosion resistant termination while trimming off excess wire. grommets from grant cable protection around knockouts, whether you need it for a specific size, stand-alone or for ganged applications. we offer 30 foot rolls and 4" ganging grommets. caddy j-hook cat link system from reduces cables friction and offers less vertical cable compaction. available in several sizes. can be used with a wide variety of cable. panduit nylon solid corrugated loom tubing from this heat-stabilized nylon tubing provides continuous high abrasion resistance to automotive, truck, trailer, rv and marine wiring in temperatures ranging from -40°f to 230°f (-40°c to 110°c). panther™ ls8 label makers from designed for the it world, while printing the highest quality labels that are sure to last. features computer connectivity through usb interface import for data, system upgrades, and wireless printing. panduit® military grade polyolefin heat shrink labels from /2000 labels per roll meeting requirements for radiation exposure, thermal aging, and environmental testing. made to last for long time and combine with the tdp43m printer while using rmr4bl ribbons. panduit® adhesive lined grommet edging from per 100 designed to create a safety buffer on both straight and rounded sharp edges, this cut-to-fit grommet material is lined with an easy-stick adhesive that holds it in place. panduct® type-f narrow slot wire duct from for case of 20 ducts equipped with a narrow finger/slot design, this wire duct enhances cable organization by providing more fan-out areas for wires and cables, and protects your hands with rounded edges. heat shrink kits from the perfect all-around assortment of heat shrink to have on hand for anything from automotive wire splices to network cable strain relief. wire marker dispenser from each dispenser contains 10 rolls of marker tape, numbered 0 - 9. each roll contains 76 individual markers with a pre-determined length of 1-1/4" and a width of 1/4". neat-patch from give an it technician a place to store the ever present excess of patch cable length. can be purchased as a stand alone unit or as a kit complete with 24 2ft cat6 plug molded patch cables. igus® triflex® ez access from features a smooth tubular design and 360° twisting capability. guide cables and hoses around and through even the most intricate machinery while preventing them from snagging on machine elements. black box basketpac cable roller kit price designed to prevent pulling friction and damage and reduce installer fatigue, these cable rolling sheaves help heavy cable bundles glide smoothly through cable trays and around turns. 7100 series two-stage air compressors from perfect for use anywhere from industrial environments to workshops, this air compressor generates up to 175 psi with a 15 hp motor, and requires minimal maintenance for easy upkeep. type-30™ 2545 series air compressors from ideal for contractors and diy enthusiasts alike, this two-stage electric air compressor features a 10 hp motor that generates pressure up to 175 psi. video mount products swing gate wall rack price this wall mount open rack allows you to mount all of network equipment and components without taking up space on the floor. it opens from either side. tilt-n-plug configurable tabletop interconnect box from available with both blank and preconfigured sectional plates, this interconnect box lets you completely customize conference room power and data. ellora™ power and data distribution center from try this table box for one of the neatest desktop connectivity solutions around. the lid closes flush while devices are connected, eliminating obstruction and retaining a great look. axil™ y power/data center price designed to clamp right onto the edge of a desk, this power/data center lets you have convenient tabletop power outlets and data ports without the need to make cuts in your work surface for installation. axil™ z waterproof power/data center price equipped with waterproof simplex power outlets, able to resist damage and prevent electrical injury in the event that water or coffee spill on your desk. pull-up power and data desk grommets from perfect for desks, conference tables, lab counters and workbenches. stay recessed below the surface when not in use, and simply pull out when needed to reveal a power outlet and data jack.. tilt ‘n plug jr. - computer audio video from remaining flush with your table top until pressed open, this conference room power/data center provides many different options to suit your connectivity needs. fsr t3u-2 tilt up table top box from designed to accommodate multiple access boxes within the same table, power and data unit has multiple adapter plate options to suit the user's changing needs. pop 'n plug power and data center with custom wood top price this power and data center can be topped with the wood cutout from your tabletop to create a completely seamless appearance when the unit is retracted. black box voice/data tool kit price made up of the best tools for installing and repairing phone lines and lans, this kit comes complete with tools, adapters, testers, soldering supplies and cable. office organization kits from made up of must-have cable management supplies for desktop, under desk, and floor areas, these office kits can organize a single desk, or an entire office worth of workstations. rack-a-tiers thomas wheeler coil spinner price designed to suspend cable spools horizontally above the ground. allows fast, effortless cable feed-out to simplify cable pulls, and can be used in conjunction with a 2x4 beam or ladder tee bar. bes telepole telescopic rods from perfect for arborists, electrical workers and homeowners, these fiberglass poles telescope up to 20 feet in length to reach normally inaccessible elevated areas and objects without the need for a ladder. connectrac™ incarpet & onfloor series raceway from low-profile under-carpet raceway for offices, schools and training facilities. runs power, voice and data connections anywhere they're needed without the hassle of coring or drilling. wiring solution from set-up your flat panel television with a seamless, professional look without hiring aprofessional. comes textured or smooth and ready to paint. holds up to 10 home theater cables. cat 5e solid pvc - bulk from / per 50 ft marked by the foot for easy measurement, this bulk 4-pair cat5e cable has 24 awg solid copper conductors, high-density insulation, and a pvc jacket. richco steel clamp with rubber cushion from / 500 per pack rubber-cushioned steel clamps provide long-term electrical insulation and vibration control while routing and securing wires in aircraft and military vehicles. 3 channel drop-over with dog-bone connectors price thanks to a patented 5-bar tread surface and molded-in safety symbols, it provides a safe crossing over cables and hoses for pedestrians, as well as vehicle traffic up to 21,000 lbs per axle. panduit® mini-com® tx5e™ and tx6a™ keyed shielded from featuring superior emi resistance and gold-plated contacts, these shielded modules are ideal for preventing signal degradation and loss. panduit® sta-strap® releasable marker ties from / 100 per pack these releasable marker ties provide precise adjustment and sizes to fit all bundles. use printed labels or write directly on, your choice. air-guard floor grommets price keep your data center cool and avoid debry flying around compromising your equipment performance with these floor grommets by air-guard. defender compact - 7 channel cord cover price with 7 ducts that accommodate cables up to 1-1/5" in diameter, the defender compact neatly routes, protects cables, and reduces pedestrian slipping hazards with its rubber-like anti-slip surface. mini cat5 vga extender wallplate transmitter price this space-saving and easy to install wallplate transmitter is capable of sending video signals and power up over utp cable for distances up to 500 feet. t3 cable pull table boxes from combine the benefits of tabletop power outlets and data/av ports with permanent data cables.. blank wallplates price cover up existing non-functioning outlet boxes until they’re needed for use. these blank wall plates resist scratches, protect against dust buildup, and include color-matched mounting screws. great lakes® zone 4 seismic floor enclosures price 45u rack spacethese gr-63-core certified enclosures are rated to protect up to 1000 lbs of computer equipment from damage during seismic activity. vmp adjustable 8-receiver rack shelf price perfect for home theater racks, this shelf is designed to house up to 8 receivers together for fast and easy access, and features anti-roll bars that prevent components from shifting or falling. american polywater® fst™ foam duct sealant from engineered to keep liquids, gases, debris and rodents out of conduit, this closed-cell foam sealant applies easily with a caulk gun and is able to expand and cure in the presence of water. the edge™ under table interconnect from this under-table connection box lets you have conveniently nearby power outlets and data connections that are hidden from sight below your conference table top. wirerun bonito & pompano power grommet price bring power and data connections to the tip of your fingers and hide them while not in use keeping both style and security. cableyoyo™ price mounts onto gadgets, walls or dashboards so you can wind up low voltage earbud, cell phone, and usb cables to exactly the length you need. ideal s-class® fiberglass fish tape field application repair kit price 31-156 s-class® fiberglass fish tape field application kit (repair kit) is essential for anyone working with s class fiberglass fish tape because it provides an instant fix in the event of a break. siemon® cable tray mounted network rack price macks mount directly onto overhead cable trays, offer excellent ventilation, and are ideal for patch panels, switches, din-rail components and more. signamax® optical fiber thermal buffer stripper price this fiber optic thermal buffer stripper is miles ahead of fiber shears and scissors is more affordable than similar thermal strippers. cord coverup silk cord covers from this flexible coil wraps easily around any number of cables and cords to keep them safely and neatly tucked away. unwrapping is just as easy and done in no time. lsdi decoil-zit™ reel holder from a collapsible wire & cable reel/spool holder that can be quickly assembled or disassembled for use and storage on or off the jobsite. available in 2 sizes to support 20" and 25" reels up to 300 lbs. overexpanded braided sleeving from perfect for harnessing cables in automotive and marine applications, fits over large connector end faces for easy installation, is highly chemical-resistant, and has an open weave. flat screen tv power & a/v cable management kit price this simple, affordable wiremold® kit provides the ultimate in home theater cable management for those who realize that less is more. wiremold® clamp-on desk power center from choose this dynamic desk outlets for the ultimate in convenience and versatility. e-z compact 600 series wall mount enclosure - quest from unlike many wall mount enclosures, this cabinet is packed unassembled in an easy-to-carry box, which saves space and makes it easier to transport. black box laptop cabinet price with this enclosure you can protect your laptop from theft and prying fingers. the only thing you need to do is to slip your laptop into the sturdy, steel laptop cabinet from black box and lock it up. flame retardant cable wrap from / 5 per pack these flame-retardant cable wraps from velcro® safely manage cables in the plenums and air-handling spaces of homes, schools, and offices. pocket fiber tester & pocket opto source - black box from compact and portable units test simplex, duplex, bundled and multimode fiber optic cables for continuity both before and after they've been installed. *free shipping applies to standard ground shipping to the contiguous 48 united states, excluding alaska and hawaii. expedited shipping methods and freight shipping will incur extra costs.if you need help selecting a solution for your cable management needs, feel free to call our friendly and knowledgeable staff at 1-866-222-0030. what can make this page better? we do everything we can think of to provide you with the product specs, images and ordering info you need, but if we're missing something or still have room to improve, please let us know. your comments, suggestions and questions are the best tools we have for serving you better! cable management cable raceway cable sleeving heat shrink cable trays wire duct velcro wraps & fasteners fabric cord cover cable support systems wraps, clips & clamps cable ties cord reels & winders cable & hose carriers desk outlets & grommets built-in desk outlets pop-up desk outlets desk grommets removable desk outlets rubber grommets & more floor grommets desk organizers desk cable management wraps, clips & clamps velcro wraps & fasteners charging stations & plugs computer mounts & kits computer workstation cable identification tags mobile & tablet accessories cable cover protection light capacity cord covers medium capacity cord covers high capacity cable protectors fabric cord cover ada/handicap ramps power extension covers cable labels & printers label printers wire markers cable identification tags heat shrink labels label tapes & cartridges pipe marking racks & enclosures rack cable management wall mount & ceiling enclosures open racks rack fans & cooling rack shelves & drawers security & lock boxes rack mount power strips fiber optic enclosures rack panels hardware & accessories kvm switches safety equipment crowd control cribbing & chock blocks speed bumps & humps industrial safety traffic safety industrial floor mats insulated tools ppe arc flash equipment lighting emergency signs & lights ada/handicap ramps storm preparedness kit wires & cables network cables electrical wires & cables audio/video cables coaxial cables power extension cords usb cables, firewire & hubs fiber optic cables fire alarm & security cables music & instrument cables fiber optic fiber optic enclosures fiber optic termination kits fiber optic cables fiber optic testers fiber optic patch panels cleaners & consumables security & surveillance digital video recorders security cameras home & office alarms dvr lockboxes security system testers network video recorders security camera monitors network products patch panels network/ethernet cables network connectors termination kits network testers punch down tools wiring systems fiber optic network switches media converters wireless routers network video recorders electrical supplies wall plates conduit power strips & extensions outlets, switches & boxes terminations & connectors raised floor system surge protectors & ups tapes & adhesives gfci receptacles & cords digital timers & thermostats ac/dc power supplies electrical fuses fire protection fire & smoke detectors ppe arc flash equipment fire caulks & sealants fire caulk guns fire stop devices fire bricks, pillows & more fire mortar mix emergency signs & lights fire alarm cables tools hand tools strippers, crimpers & cutters power tools tapes & adhesives wire installation tool storage heating tools test instruments sensors & scanners protective cases cleaners & degreasers flashlights shop by brand wirerun panduit wiremold legrand middle atlantic altinex kendall howard fsr inc hellermanntyton neat-patch dymo great lakes black box filter by:categorycable managementbraided sleevingheat shrinkcable cover protectionracks & enclosurescable labels & printersdesk outlets & grommetselectrical suppliesfiber opticsnetwork productstools cableorganizer.com will not sell or rent your email address. privacy policy. subscribe free! company press room about us privacy policy shipping policy now hiring! better business bureau customer service contact us return policy international shipping request a quote testimonials volume discounts pick up your order my account info log-in to account purchase orders & accounts track your order online most popular links how do i order catalogs? sign up for our newsletter loyalty program rewards 6250 nw 27th way, fort lauderdale, fl 33309 toll free: 1-866-222-0030 local: 954-861-2000  fax: 954-861-2001  email: sales@cableorganizer.com cableorganizer® is a registered trademark of the cableorganizer.com, llc. company. all rights reserved. copyright © 2002 - 2016 cableorganizer.com, llc. all rights reserved items added to your cart close x loading minicart shipping - zip code estimate shipping continueshopping proceed tocheckout