来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161126134739/http://www.cableorganizer.com/clearance/
================================================================================

cable management products in clearance - cableorganizer.com contact us my account order status login view cart: $0.00   checkout call now! 1-866-222-0030 home shop by industry automotive computing home theater industrial networking movie music office government learning center specials ships today credit application it looks like javascript has been either disabled or blocked in your current browser. disabled javascript greatly reduces the functionality of our site, so in order for you to enjoy the best browsing experience possible, we recommend that you re-enable javascript, or disable any possible javascript-blocking add-ons that you may have previously installed. you can learn how to enable javascript in your browser by going to http://activatejavascript.org. in the meantime, if you have any questions or would just prefer to place your order by phone, please call us toll-free at 866-222-0030 - we'll be happy to help. homeclearance clearance in cableorganizer.com amphenol 3 piece bnc male crimps from designed to provide an extra solid connection, this bnc connector includes an extra ferrule that crimps directly onto the conductor before the remainder of it is terminated to the outer cable. amphenol two piece bnc male crimps from designed to crimp onto your cable without compressing the center conductor, these coaxial connectors deliver polished-looking terminations that allow for strong, steady signals. btx maxblox solderless audio and video connectors from patented large terminal block design simplifies termination while maintaining a compact profile for reduced installation time and labor costs. animal clips price get unruly cables under control while adding some personality and charm to an otherwise dull workspace. have fun choosing from 30 different animal designs! mag daddy™ magnetic cable clips from ideal for use in applications where structures can't be altered for cable management, these rare earth cable clips grip tightly onto any ferrous, metallic surface to hold cables. gortrac® nylatrac™ kl series: link height 2.50" (63.50 mm) from air hoses, hydraulic lines, and cables while maintaining their optimum bend radius over distances of up to 500 feet. made of non-conductive, corrosion resistant, fiber-reinforced nylon. device technologies fast-drop™ fiber optic radius control module from convenient way to avoid micro-bends in your fiber optic applications, this system attaches to any sheet metal edge up to 0.104" thick and is held horizontally by a zinc plated carbon steel clip. cbi 1/4" instrument cables from cbi introduces 1/4" instrument cables, perfect for guitars, bass, keyboard, speakers, patch bays, rackmount equipment, and more. cbi speaker cables from cbi speaker cables are designed to meet the highest standards in the music industry. cbi midi cables from transmit signals to electronics that contain synthesizer software. these hand-soldered cables allow you to edit and sequence your music instead of having to send it to a studio. neutrik speakon speaker connectors from available in both panel-mount and cable-mount styles. fully field repairable, and provide rugged, reliable terminations that can withstand heavy use, frequent transport and rough weather. cbi xlr microphone cables from cbi xlr/microphone cables are designed with just the right materials, to enhance the sound to exactly where you need it. hi-speed usb flex hub price this vibrant usb hub has 4 flexible, rotating ports in different colors for easy configuration and identification, and features over-current protect for hot-swappable connections. firewire® 3 in 1 quickconnect™ cable from provides three different firewire® configurations in one package. the option to change to either a 4-pin or 6-pin firewire connector allows multiple configuration options. s-video cable 4-pin connector from can be used on most common home theater devices. the connectors are plated with 24 karat gold for increased connectivity and signal strength that provides a clearer picture. arrow insulated staple wire tackers from the durable steel body, patented jam-proof mechanism, cushioned handle and easy-squeeze trigger on this stapling gun make tacking cables fast and comfortable. arrow fastener staples from in many styles including ul listed, rust proof, insulated and narrow crown designs, arrow fastener staples are widely compatible with a variety of staple gun brands. acme 25a and 25ac broadband cable and wire staple gun from acme’s 25a & 25ac broadband cable and wire staple guns have been recreated to not only accommodate medium gauged wire but broadband cable as well. acme 18a wire and cable staple gun price with an ergonomic design that reduces installation time and won’t crush wires, this staple gun is compatible with coaxial, fire alarm and cat network cables. cable boss staple gun - gardner bender price equipped with an ergonomic handle and front and rear cable guides that reduce tangling and twisting, this lightweight manual staple gun is compatible with both 120v and low-voltage cables. acme 37a and 37ac broadband cable and wire staple gun from acme’s 35a & 37ac broadband cable staple guns are designed to accommodate large broadband cable as well large wire pairs. acme 75a staple gun for nm building wire price features a fully redesigned system that speeds up installation and eliminates costly overhead usually associated with large broadband cable and nm building wire installations. bridle rings for low-voltage cable support from loop-shaped design for accommodating both horizontal and vertical cable runs. available in four easy-to-install styles that work with virtually any low-voltage cable. economy cable tie gun price designed for use with mil-spec cable ties, this low-cost cable tie gun has an adjustable tension knob that lets you customize the pressure needed for each job. the wedgee® organizer price using a 50" bungee cord and a patented wrap-around clip, the wedgee® bundles and secures just about anything, from sporting goods to power cords. cable wrapz™ from uv, ozone, and chemical resistant rubber cable wraps have flexible, stretchable design that makes them easy to install, adjust and remove. camo gear wrapz™ from / 4 per bag noiseless, quick-release camouflage wraps are perfect for bundling anything from military and hunting equipment to extension cords and cables. cable fish price this simple winder is not only great for managing extra-long household cables and window treatment cords, it’s also disguised as a brightly colored fish. cord hog cable wrap from perfect for use with kitchen appliances, computers, and home theater devices, this cable wrap lets you wind up excess cord length to prevent tangling and eliminate unruly cable slack. write on gear wrapz price / 10 per pack unique stretchable rubber gear wrapz feature write-on areas that let you label cable bundles by hand with nothing more than a permanent marker. cable winder price the cable winder keeps excess cable length neatly wound and dust – just pop cord into the top slot and twist. earpod price great for travel, earpod has an external channel to wind up loose cords, and a felt-lined inner compartment to safely store earbuds when your mp3 player isn’t in use. cable kiss price get your desk together with this effective, cool-looking cable manager. cable(label) write-on cable markers/managers price these cable managers represent simplicity and style defined. metal detectable cable ties from / 100 pack perfect for use in manufacturing and food service environments, these plastic-coated aluminum cable ties can be easily detected by safety scans and removed via magnet. act stainless steel cable ties from / 100 pack ideal for maritime, mechanical, food-processing and sterile environments. high tensile strength and the ability to stand up to chemicals, moisture, radiation, vibration and extreme temp. rockhard tools cable ties from available in standard, screw mount and releasable styles, rockhard cable ties are made of self-extinguishing non-corrosive nylon 6/6, and meet military specs. smart band nylon cable lashing ties from / 50ft with semi-releasable head buckles and a band reel that lets you custom-cut each band to the size you need, these ties are a cost-effective substitute for metal banding. wrap n strap® cord organizers from / 100 per pack these releasable marker ties provide precise adjustment and sizes to fit all bundles. use printed labels or write directly on, your choice. releasable cable ties from / 100 per pack thanks to a small, built-in release mechanism, these ties can reopened and reused over and over again, preventing waste and saving you money. pro-hanger cable tray ceiling suspension system from steel wire and snap hook hangers designed to suspend cable trays from beams, roof trusses and purlins. cat5e utp ethernet cable from / per 1000 ft quality grade cat5e cable in blue and white. available in several jacket types: shielded, unshielded, riser, plenum, flame retardant and gel-filled for outdoor use. made in the usa! retractable ethernet cord cat5e 8 ft from / per 8 ft at 8' long, this cord is the ideal length for just about any on-the-go ethernet connection, and automatically retracts into a case that's small enough to fit into a pocket. neat-patch cat6 smart packs from / (24) 2-ft per pack the 2 ft cable is a perfect fit for a 19” equipment rack, leaving just enough excess to form a single coil. the overall result is a neat organized network. augmented cat6a utp gigalan 10® from / per 1000 ft ideal for data centers, healthcare facilities, schools and financial centers. features an interior core separator to reduce crosstalk, and a smaller outer diameter to allow for higher-density cable runs. cat 5e solid pvc - bulk from / per 500 ft marked by the foot for easy measurement, this bulk 4-pair cat5e cable has 24 awg solid copper conductors, high-density insulation, and a pvc jacket. power tube mini charger price perfect for planning for emergencies or just ensuring that portable devices never run out of power. holds a charge for up to 30 days, and provides more than a full charge for most small devices. ultra compact multi-device solar charger price perfect for emergency charges when a mobile device's battery dies and you're not able to plug in, this tiny solar charger is small enough to fit in a pocket, so it's ideal for travel. 360 electrical® mini cube usb charger price this travel size portable device charger accepts any usb charging cable and provide 1a of power, quickly charging your smartphone, tablet, game console, or other mobile device. breaker sniff-it type 2 price designed to eliminate the guesswork in finding the circuit breaker that corresponds to a specific outlet. rg6/u coaxial cable - pvc, plenum, siamese from / 500ft a higher quality 75ω coaxial cable that delivers a great performance. it uses a larger, higher-capacity center conductor (18 awg) and a larger insulating dielectric. f-f cable assemblies, satellite cable, video cable from / 1 ft cable our precision f-f cable assemblies are designed for demanding rf video requirements. these cables improve video performance over standard rg-59 types. carol® brand ccs rg6 coaxial cable from able to cover long distances without signal loss or degradation, this ul-rated bulk coaxial is ideal for hdtv, digital video, and fm broadcasting. mohawk rg11 dual and quad shielded coax from / 1000 ft supports a wide range of digital video applications, including hdtv, this cable is available with your choice of dual or quad shields, to protect video signals from interference and degradation. 19" horizontal cable managers from we offer a variety of 19" horizontal rack mount wire managers which provide an efficient method for organizing patch cords and cabling and at the same time maintaining required bend radius. panduit open access horizontal d-ring cable managers from d-rings come pre-assembled on panels to reduce installation time. mounts on the front and rear of any standard eia 19in rack and cabinet. sturdy structure provides durability while lightweight for ease of use. universal self-support rack - cooper b-line from thiss lightweight aluminum frame open rack is a simple design that can hold up to 1,200 lbs of network equipment. the unit ships disassembled to save on shipping costs, but can be put together in about 10 minutes. wall mount fixed design from for 13u rack when floor space is limited or unavailable, these open-frame racks allow you to wall mount any network equipment that is designed for 19" racks. wall mount rack swing out racks from for 20rms rack with a reversible design that lets it swing out in any direction, this racks allows you to store up to 22 lbs of equipment while saving floor space. emt conduit compression couplings from per box of 25 zinc die cast couplings used to join two lengths of emt conduit. ball burnished, mirror smooth, and concrete tight. cantex enviro-flex® liquidtight 90° angle connector from bent at a 90° angle so that conduit can navigate around corners, this elbow fitting is ideal for use with  nonmetallic, liquidtight flexible tubing on one end, and a threaded female connector on the other. gardner bender bx and armored cable cutter price perfect for use with bx, mc, and ac armored cables, as well as 3/8" conduit, this cutter features adjustable cutting depth to prevent damage to internal conductors. cantex® pvc type rigid lb conduit body from an ideal entry point through which to pull or feed wires, this corrosion-proof conduit body allows you to create 90° bends in conduit runs, even in tight spaces. cantex® pvc junction boxes from able to be buried or encased in concrete, these junction boxes provide you with a secure place to connect conduit and house wire splices. cantex enviro-flex® liquidtight conduit coils from designed to protect cables from water, oils, and solvents, this lightweight, smooth-interior pvc conduit gives plenty of flexibility, and can help to reduce labor and installation costs. kwikpath™ accessories - y coupler, clamps, riser straps from reduce the need for pulling long runs of raceway around awkward twists, turns and tight spaces. easy to handle and install without removing existing cabling. roboreel® motorized retractable power cord system — 50ft from this motorized cord reel can be mounted to the wall or ceiling for convenient access, and automatically reels and unreels a 50 ft extension cord at the touch of a button. amphenol hex crimp tools from equipped with 6 different hex-shaped dies, this crimper works particularly well with amphenol connectors, and is a must-have for any tech who regularly works with coaxial cable. db starter compression tool kit price db starter kit contains a compression tool, a strip tool and a flaring tool, with a selection of universal f, rca and bnc connectors in sizes 59 and 6. 3/4" and 1" phone and fax grommets from these small grommets are ideal for controlling clutter caused by small cables and wires in your home or office. compact design. phone & fax grommet price available in 4 colors, this scaled-down grommet is ideal for keeping phone and fax cables neatly under control. 1" grommet requires only a 3/4" hole for installation. round desk grommets from available in 11 different décor-friendly colors, our flexible grommets protect cables from abrasion as they route them through desks and tabletops. stainless steel trash & cable desk grommets from these steel grommets are perfect for cables or trash in many applications from the home bathroom to the hospital. oval bottom desk grommets from round, oval, and rectangular grommets route power, data, and phone cables through desktops and counter surfaces to keep cords organized and out of sight. cableorganizer.com child safety kit price a perfect gift for new parents, our child safety kit includes a wide variety of products to protect children from common household dangers. wiremate™ cord organizer from an enclosed device that realigns and consolidates tangled wires which exist with most electronic equipment setups. it has only two parts, a base and a cover. axil™ x power/data center price this modern pdu clamps onto the edge of your desk without causing damage or creating the need for a permanent cutout, and can be customized with a variety of power, data and voice ports. axil™ y power/data center price designed to clamp right onto the edge of a desk, this power/data center lets you have convenient tabletop power outlets and data ports without the need to make cuts in your work surface for installation. moiré™ desktop power & data outlet from when it comes to desktop connectivity, the moiré brings you the best of all world: convenience, options, and great looks. power data center - edge mount from quick and easy to install and remove, this table and desktop connectivity unit provides you with power outlets and data ports whenever you need them. "assemble" power and data center from this clear anodized aluminum power and data unit clamps right onto the side of desks or conference tables, so installation doesn’t require any hole cutting. "mho" power / data distribution center from equipped with 2 simplex outlets and 2 data ports, this power/data box provides convenient, pop-up connectivity right on your desk or table top. mho² power / data distribution center from ideal for conference room presentations, this retractable power/data center provides 3 outlets and 4 data ports for multiple laptops and projectors. interport from this low-profile power/data center is only 2" tall when opened, and can be closed during use to hide plugs and give you a completely flat work surface. retractable power and communication center from with a footprint no larger than a desk grommet, this pop-up power/data center provides 2 power outlets, and includes an adapter plate for data jacks. glenbeigh power & data desk outlets from available in decorative traditional or clean contemporary designs, these tabletop power/data centers provide you with one-touch retractable outlets and data ports for your laptop. miniport power and data center from considered a “sub-compact” power and data center, this tidy unit provides your conference table with 2 outlets and 2 data ports in a 6" x 3" footprint. 2-port power and data popup desk outlets from perfect for adding convenient power and data connections to your desktop. pop-up design that allows them to be retracted when not in use, and come in black and aluminum finishes. ms2 dual desk outlet from this power and data distribution center delivers all the connections you need and looks great in any environment. nacre desktop outlet from anything goes with this desk outlet that's customizable inside and out. greenlee truerms digital multimeter from perfect for everyone from hobbyists to professional electricians, this testers measures voltage, resistance, diode and continuity in any circuit. digital optical cable, digital audio cable from / 3ft our high-quality digital optical cables feature metal connector housings for added durability and come in a high-tech charcoal gray color. low voltage mounting brackets 1-4 gang (existing constr.) from this low cost, non-metallic option is made of a non-conductive plastic material that won't damage your cables during installation. each bracket is cat5 listed and is great for retrofit installations. 5 square fire alarm signal boxes from / 20 per pack designed for electronic fire alarm systems, this box contains almost twice the interior space of traditional 4 square boxes, so cable shorts and ground faults are far less likely. extension rings & mounting brackets from / 20 per pack designed specifically for mounting randl® 5 square boxes. reduce box opening to standard 4 square size for compatibility with standard equipment, and allow you to mount multiple boxes between studs. solid and gangable masonry boxes from perfect for installing switches and receptacles into concrete, glass, brick or other types of masonry, these outlet boxes are available in solid or gangable styles, and feature multiple knockoutss. lineworker natural rubber gloves - bashlin ppe from rubber insulating gloves by salisbury, an industry leader for arc-flash protection, these gloves have earned the reputation for quality, longevity and comfort. lineworker gloves - bashlin kunz from thanks to an innovative thumbs-free design, these gloves reduce hand fatigue and increase comfort and mobility, even when worn with rubber ppe gloves. leviton 15 amp single pole and 3 and 4 way quiet toggle from an economical choice for your home or office. can be installed easily with standard 12 awg wire. manufactured to meet and exceed all electrical standards required including ul, csa and nom. watt stopper pw-100 passive infrared wall switch sensor price this attractively designed energy-saving sensor uses passive infrared (pir) technology to detect motion, and automatically turns lights off when you leave the room. vierti™ single-touch light dimmers from vierti™ light dimmers have a distinctive and highly attractive style that can be customized to fit any d�cor. with interchangeable led bars and wallplates. treemote� christmas tree and electrical device controller price stay safe for the holidays and all year long with this convenient tool. 600d series digital outdoor timers from automatically control your outdoor lighting for fountains, landscaping, and more. with these timers, your lights are turned off or on when scheduled and keep your outdoor areas adequately lit. robertshaw® value series 5000 programmable thermostats price created to conserve energy and save you money, this programmable thermostat lets you set temperature maximums and minimums so you don't needlessly run up your utility bills. deka battery parrot clamps price the extra heavy-duty construction is designed to grip securely to side or post terminal batteries and carry the maximum amount of current. cord coverup silk cord covers from this flexible coil wraps easily around any number of cables and cords to keep them safely and neatly tucked away. unwrapping is just as easy and done in no time. cable sash from cable sashes create sleek, fabric-covered cable bundles that reduce accidents, eliminate tangling, look neat and organized, and resist abrasion. fast™ fiber optic connectors - afl from these multi-piece connectors use mechanically sliced ferrules and index-matching gel to create fast, low-loss fiber terminations in the field without the need for end polishing. f160 live fiber identifier price this full featured, highly effective fiber optic tester in an affordable package simplifies system installation and maintenance by detecting traffic on almost any fiber optic cable. microcare fiber connector cleaning sticks from microcare’s cleaning sticks are designed with a molded fibrous polymer tip instead of a cloth or foam based tip, which can leave behind lint or other fibers. microcare's sticklers™ benchtop & outdoor cleanwipes™ from / 90 wipes microcare’s fiberwipes and fiberaide wipes are engineered specifically for cleaning fiber optic connector end-faces and bare optical fibers before and after each splice. fiber fusion splice protection sleeves - afl from designed to create fast and durable fiber optic splices in even hot and humid environments, these heat-shrink sleeves provide a waterproof and dustproof seal when shrunken into place. superior essex® fire alarm control cables from / 1000ft form critical connections with fire alarms and other emergency warning devices. available shielded and unshielded, as well as in a variety of sizes, conductor numbers and environment grades. superior essex® security control cables from / 1000ft ideal for use with burglar alarms, pa systems and other security devices, these flame-resistant cables are available shielded or unshielded in a variety of conductor counts. ideal industries duct seal compound from perfect for sealing odd-shaped gaps on and around electrical boxes, flashing, ductwork, pipes and more, this ultra-pliable, non-toxic sealant won't harm plastics or metal. wiremold flamestopper thru-wall and thru-floor fittings from perfect for new construction or retrofits, this firestop kit easily adjusts to different amounts of cables to create a fire- and smoke-resistant seal around penetrations through fire-rated walls and floors. telescoping poles from use these telescoping poles for use in long spans, and hard to reach areas in ceilings, floors, and crawl spaces. rodalong conduit rodder price the rodalong (patent pending) continuous insulated fiberglass rod is the perfect technician's tool for reaching or fishing cables. fiberglass rods price simplify your installation of cables in ceilings and walls with this set of rods. triplett grablite led flashlight price combines 6 bright led lights with a telescoping grabber that's equipped with super-strong rare earth magnets. ideal for working and retrieving metal tools and parts in tight, dark spaces. taperwire® 3 ghz flat coaxial cable from / per 10ft complete your home theater visual experience with these flat coaxial cables by taperwire. they are easily hidden and provide the same picture quality and shielding as standard cables. flat coaxial cables from for 10' composite cable provides a discreet connection for a variety of audio and video. run along your wall and painted over for complete invisibility. flat data cables from for 10' data cable no more cable staples or trip-wires across your floor; this flat cabling helps create the cleanest installations possible. flat audio cables from for 25' of 18awg wire choose this flat cable for unmatched performance and looks in your home theater. flat video cables from for 10' s-video cable connect your dvd/blu-ray players, video game consoles and other video devices to your displays with these discreet, paintable flat cables. make your video connection runs disappear! trc® shockshield® gfci & elci user in-line attachable & from this line of protective add-ons is particularly easy to integrate with existing electrical cable runs; you can either remove the male connector, or insert an in-line protector. trc® shockshield® gfci quad box receptacles from to be used under rough circumstances in construction sites and other outdoor applications. made from long lasting polymer, features gfci protection to the cord as well as 4 outlets. trc® shockshield® gfci protected cords from expands up to 100 feet in length. made to last, efficient and affordable, these gfci protected extension cords are sure to be considered a priority investment for your business or personal use. large rubber grommets from neoprene, styrene and natural rubber grommets safely route cables through sharp-edged cutouts in manufacturing, machining, and automotive applications. deka battery ground straps from this connection will help you to effectively dissipate static electrical charges and emi that may build up and interfere with your battery's working. 1.3b certified / atc certified hdmi cables price hdmi 1.3b adds six benefits to the hdmi line of cables: higher data transfer speed, increased single-link bandwidth to 340 mhz (10.2 gbps), deep color and high frame rates. island 6 series hdmi cable price great for use with hdtvs, high-def gaming systems, digital media players and pcs, these hdmi 1.4 cables deliver crisp, clear video and audio at ethernet speeds, and have a flat design. nte® 350w mini heat gun price this heat gun is perfect for the hobbyist or home user needing enough power for heat shrink and similar applications. polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe) heat shrink tubing from fda and usp certified for use in medical and diagnostic settings, this high-temp, low-friction polymer is also ideal for wire insulation in military applications. ptfe/fep dual wall heat shrink tubing from creates a tight-fitting, moisture-proof seal on wires, connectors, and splices that need to be used in extreme conditions with temperatures up to 450°f. kynar heat shrink tubing from / 4ft this heavy duty heat shrink tubing fits and shrinks easily over the contours of odd-shaped connectors to form capsule-like protection against moisture and sharp objects. fluorinated ethylene-propylene (fep) heat shrink from less expensive than tfe, this flame-retardant tubing conforms to the requirements of mil-i-23053/11, and offers excellent chemical resistance. polyvinylidene fluoride (pvdf, kynar®) heat shrink tubing from available in rigid and semi-flexible versions, this heat shrink is able to withstand a temp range of 302-327°f, and has strong resistance to chemicals, abrasion and cutting. 2:1 standard wall from capable of shrinking down to half its original diameter, 2:1 protects wires in network, auto, and commercial applications, and is available with adhesive lining. conductive heat shrink connectors from composed of mil standard r-46846 polyolefin tubing and are entirely coated on their inner surface providing shielding around the joints being connected. 3:1 polyolefin heat shrink tubing from our 3:1 heat shrink tubing is an effective way to professionally finish the ends of a wire harness as it easily fits over the end of a connector & shrinks down to 33% of its original diameter. 4:1 flame retardant polyolefin tubing from designed to slide easily over oversized connectors, this flame retardant heat shrink is able to contract down to 1/4 of its original diameter, and is available with optional adhesive lining. nte 2:1 heat shrink tubing assorted packs from this ultra thin-walled tubing has low shrink and high usage temperatures, and is resistant to damage from fluids and solvents for excellent wire protection. 3m 2:1 ratio heat shrink tubing from / 25 ft shrinks to half its original diameter and fits easily around irregular shapes and large connectors to insulate wire splices, color-code cables, or form a fire-resistant barrier around wires. shrinkflex shielded 2 to 1 heat shrink tubing from / pack of 12 - 4 ft great for cables that need extra emi protection in abrasive, high-heat environments. combines 2:1 polyolefin with a conductive cloth weave for the ultimate in professional-quality protection. heavy wall flame retardant self-adhesive heat shrink from superior protection for sealing low-voltage power connections up to 600 v. great for when your application requires heat-shrink that is flame retardant, waterproof and holds up to direct burial. flexible self-adhesive lined heat shrink tubing from protect cables and connectors that have moving parts or irregular shapes. adhesive lining creates a moisture, corrosion and chemical resistant seal. dual wall & adhesive-lined heat shrink tubing and tape from protect wires, cables, connectors and more from water, dust, chemicals and debris with dual wall, adhesive-lined heat shrink tubing, available in numerous colors, shrink ratios and materials. milwaukee 5pc switchblade™ plumbers kit price the best switchblade™ assortment for the professional plumber: 4 of the most commonly used self-feed bit sizes, replacement blades, a universal quik-lok® extension and more. milwaukee 7-pc big hawg® kit price drill large holes through rough wood. the three cutters feature teeth with hardened steel to even go through nails that may be in the wood. milwaukee thunderbolt® black oxide drill bit sets price featuring thicker cores and parabolic fluting, these drill bits are considerably stronger than standard bits, and stay free of debris and sawdust during use. hook and loop fasteners from / 5 per pack perfect for any situation that calls for bundling excess cable length, these reusable hook and loop cable ties come in many different colors and sizes, and wrap snugly without pinching cables. closed-loop / hook price / 5 per bag with a closed center loop that custom-fits to any cable end or connector, these straps self-wrap to keep power, microphone, and network cables neatly bundled. soldering gun weller® 8200 price equipped with a built-in spotlight to illuminate your work, this soldering iron also includes a rope-cutting tip for smooth, non-fraying cuts. extech hdv600 series high-definition inspection cameras from perfect for use in electrical work, pest control, security, home inspections, plumbing and more, this camera allows you to record up to 4 hours of inspection video. hellermantyton® megaband® cat 5e modular keystone jack price built to withstand up to 1000 plug insertions and 50 re-terminations, and have 2 extra internal contacts to reduce crosstalk and keep signals clean. locjack™ cat 3, cat 5e, and cat 6 security keystone jacks from locjack™ communications ports help increase security without increasing cost. use these innovative ports to lock cables in or out at your discretion. category 5e communications jacks price with 50-micron gold plated contacts and t568a or b universal wiring, these ul listed jacks are available in 8 colors for easy matching or identification. rapid edge® serrated blade knives from great for many types of jobs including: drywall, carpets, cardboard and many more, these knives are a must have on anyone’s toolbox. netdirector™ 1u rackmount console (no kvm switch) price with a space-saving 1u rackmount design, this console combines a 17" lcd color panel, full 88-key keyboard, and touchpad for interacting with servers and kvm switches. cableorganizer magicutter® label peeler price allows you to easily cut and peel labels without damaging your labels. the small blade is safe cutting so it cuts only one layer of paper, or just the label backing. easy to use design. k-series printer cartridges from last up to 10 years in industrial conditions, compatible with kroy k-series thermal transfer label printers, and feature a wide variety of styles and characteristics to suit any application. m block bracket for jack/connector mounting price this standoff bracket gives technicians the option of installing connecting blocks at a later date, after the bracket has been mounted and cables are laid out. modular adapters from typically used for temporary or test connections, these modular adapters convert 66-clip contacts into modular jacks so you can quickly connect equipment. wire distribution spools from mountable on backboards or distribution frames, these facilitate the routing/fanning of cables, cross-connects and jumper wires to any connection component. snap-on cover for m blocks price this transparent plastic cover protects leaves wiring clearly visible while keeping it protected from contaminants and accidental shorts. vanco® usb to hdmi adapter from perfect for connecting hdmi-enabled displays to any pc or projector with a usb 2.0 port, this adapter features convenient plug-and-play installation, and delivers 1080p high-def resolution. manhattan digital photo mouse price designed to brighten your workday by keeping your favorite photos right in the palm of your hand. 8 mb of onboard memory to store up to 100 photos, and 1.5" lcd screen to view them on. 974 ergo mat grande™ from made of durable rubber compounds, these floormats can be used in areas where welding takes place. blue line innovations bli-28000 powercost monitor price blue line innovations has created a wireless energy monitor for your home: the powercost monitor. p4460 kill a watt™ ez electricity usage monitor price the kill a watt ez will actually allow you to determine which machines are actually worth keeping in use. tripp lite portable powerverters from portable powerverters are the ultimate solution for supplying power on the go to a wide range of handheld electronics, rechargeable batteries, and laptop computers. paladin tools jack terminator from the only punch down tool you will ever need to purchase with its durable quality and interchangeable heads to suit different styles of jacks. vertical power distribution from run your ac/dc power with our vertical power distribution boxes. available for a variety of powering applications and can also be equipped with current monitoring meter. include mounting clips. floor access grommet from perfect for classrooms, server rooms and call centers. designed for use with raised flooring systems, and allow cables to safely penetrate the floor while reducing tripping hazards to nearby pedestrians. non-metallic floor boxes with duplex receptacles from eliminates the need to run unsightly extension cables in floor. perfect for use under carpets, wood flooring and new concrete pours. hug-a-plug outlet adapter from designed to let you push sofas and other pieces of furniture against the wall without crushing cables and plugs, plug power cords at a safe 90° angle to prevent fire and electric shock. tamper resistant receptacle with usb price perfect for charging up to 2 usb-enabled devices and one 120v device at once without taking up valuable space for a hub or charging station. installs like a standard wall outlet. gfci receptacles from these gfci receptacles are dedicated to keeping you safe from electrocution in wet areas. 360 electrical rotating outlets price these rotating outlets allow you to plug in your bulky adapters from cell phones, mp3 players, and more without any obstructions. simply plug it in and rotate (18 possible positions). autoloader® screwdrivers from the autoloader® screwdriver has a revolutionary design that allows you to change bits in just seconds. simply pull back the handle, select the desired bit and push the handle forward. gardner bender electrician's screw kits from perfect for fastening wall plates, switches and electrical boxes, these kits are made up of the most commonly-used electrical screws in plain metal and painted white, ivory and light almond finishes. brk carbon monoxide detectors from be warned when there is toxic co gas present in the air. co gas is the leading cause of death by poisoning in the u.s. ionization sensor smoke alarm from perfect for fast moving flames found often in your kitchen due to grease or ignited wastebaskets. easy to install and maintain. meet ul 217 standard. spiral wrap from / per foot our spiral-cut wrap is perfect for organizing multiple cables into bundles while protecting them from abrasion and chewing pets. humanscale® neatlinks™ under desk cable managers price clean up your desk cables with these versatile, aesthetically pleasing cable channels. wiring solution from set-up your flat panel television with a seamless, professional look without hiring aprofessional. comes textured or smooth and ready to paint. holds up to 10 home theater cables. ez hidewire raceway from / per 8 ft offers the ability to cut to length with a pair of scissors.super economical solution to organize unsightly wires that come from computer equipment, telephones, desks, etc. 2-piece flex tab raceways from / per 5 ft consists of two pieces, a base with 2 flexible tabs that hold wires in place and a snap-on cover. make your jobs a one man production and save big on time and labor. hellermanntyton infostream multi channel raceway from /piece non-metallic surface raceway has a unique and patented multi channel design that can house electrical, voice, data, video and fiber optic cabling. half round decorative raceway from ideal for everything from home theaters to offices, this decorative raceway comes in a sleek, half round shape to attractively disguise and organize wires, and is available in 3 sizes. 1-piece latching cable raceway & accessories from 1-piece latching cable raceway makes for easy cable hiding. great for home theaters, office, and anywhere wires need to disappear. hvac rigid fiberglass tape price made for any and all hvac applications, this aluminum-backed fiberglass tape is designed for maximum adhesion to fiberglass duct board systems. pro splice vinyl tape - ppp-t-66e from manufactured to osha's marking safety standards, this flexible tape stands up to high-volume foot traffic, and is perfect for color-coding and splicing vinyl flooring together during installation. pro 15 anti-skid tape from with a heavy acrylic adhesive and abrasive grain coating, this anti-skid tape instantly increases friction on slippery stair, ramp, and floor surfaces to reduce slipping hazards. pro 500 double sided tape from perfect for holding carpet, raceway, cord covers and wire duct in place, this tape is coated in an aggressive adhesive that's tough enough for conventions, aircraft manufacturing, and more. 110-style extreme cat 6+ wiring wallmount & rackmount blocks from ideal for providing a centralized termination point for security, high megabit, shared sheath, and high-speed voice and data applications. leviton cat5e gigamax® 110-style wiring products from compatible with any existing 110 installation, leviton’s cat5e gigamax® wiring products are compact in size and are available in wallmount and rackmount styles. 110 block wiring, 66 phone connections from available in 100 and 300 pair configurations, these 110 and 66 blocks provide dependable support for your voice and data application. economical 12 port mini-vertical patch panel from perfect for smaller applications, this mini vertical patch panel can be used for ethernet cable configurations, as well as phone and automation wiring systems. clarity hinged patch panel w/ lower cable management bar from designed for limited-space rackmount applications. these hinged cat 5e and cat 6 patch panels are able to flip down for easy cable terminations and maintenance. leviton c1 ultra™ composite patch panels from built of a high-tech, nonmetallic polymer that's 10 times stronger than 16-gauge steel, these patch panels have a stylish, modern look that makes them perfect for showcases. economical ethernet patch panels from intellinet price these economical punch-down patch panels from intellinet meet ul standards and have an accompaying lifetime manufacturer warranty. xtpc pipe & cable locator - schonstedt from the xtpc operates in passive mode, three different active modes (conductive, inductive and clamp), and a sonde mode. in the passive mode the receiver searches for 60 hz or 50 hz signals. blazer products excalibur si-100-cr torch kit price this all-in-one adaptable torch provides you with a soldering iron, hot air blower and butane torch in one compact tool, packed into a portable case. lsdi compact portasol soldering kit price precisely solder wires, with or without flux, with this kit that includes a heat tool with 2 interchangeable tips, as well as butane refills, solder, and a storage case. multimeters cases from these triplett carrying cases are a great way to protect your investment on high quality testers. test leads from these test leads are designed to work with each unit for tester compatibility. it has ergonomic composition for areas that is hard to be reached, and is low cost. analog tester - 310 series price the model 310 triplett multimeter is the favorite hand-held analog vom in the maintenance and telecommunications field. analog tester - model 60 price this analog multimeter comes with a drop resistant, high-impact case that is guaranteed to withstand a 5-foot drop. analog tester - model 630 price 25 ranges and functions, glass meter window for added chemical resistance, two input jacks to help minimize error, ac voltage frequency response to 40khz typical. flexo mounting system from designed to work with flexo pet and clean cut sleevings, this split-ring collar snaps directly onto braided sleeving to provide extra strain relief for delicate cable assemblies. claro™ designer wall plates by lutron from match your maestro, diva, or skylark dimmers and fan controls to any preexisting décor, switches, or wall color. astm tested and made from durable polycarbonate. unloaded surface mount boxes from designed to accommodate 90° keystone jacks, these surface mount boxes allow you to economically build and install your own surface terminations. closed slot wiring duct from excellent cable retention and enhanced protection for installers. comes in 20 sizes in a choice of gray, white or black. ul, csa and lloyds reg. approved. solid wall wiring duct from ideal where no break-outs are required or side wall access is infrequent. complete cable protection. 25 sizes, in either gray, white or black. ul, csa and lloyds register approved leviton versi-duct® cable management system from designed to ease cable transitions between patch panels and horizontal wire managers or adjacent enclosures. featuring cable-retention fingers that align with rack spaces for easy installation. open slot wiring duct price these open-slot ducts are manufactured with wide fingers to give additional cable support and allow terminated wires to be re-routed easily. it's made of self extinguishing pvc and, as with all of our wiring ducts, the covers are included. wire duct covers, dividers and wire retainers from designed to add professionally-finished looks and an extra level of functionality. they enhance aesthetic appeal, and make it easier to break out, route and manage wires. thomas and betts electrical wire connectors from / 100 pcs ideal for splicing multiple electrical wires together. they come in a wide variety of sizes and types. t&b carries fixed spring, and free spring in both standard type, and twist-on-wire variety. wire connectors from / 100 pk wire connectors made from hard plastic shells that are flame retardant. steel, square wire springs promote durability. ul listed and csa certified. lay-in power connectors from perfect for swimming pools, solar applications, hvac and more. designed for reliable grounding in direct-burial and concrete encased electrical installations that involve water. ok industries wire wrapping bits & sleeves from combining all the benefits of wire wrapping and unwrapping bits into a single bit/sleeve combination. remove old wire and then terminate with new, without ever having to change bits. uv reactive braided sleeving from available in 7 different eye-popping colors, our uv-reactive braided sleeving delivers all the abrasion resistance of other sleevings, but with the added ability to glow. pet colored expandable sleeving from per foot slips easily over wires, cables, hoses, springs, rods, and chains to protect against abrasion and provide a professional, customized finished look. chrome xc expandable sleeving from / per foot uv-resistant chrome sleeving provides mild emi shielding and electrical insulation in temperatures ranging from -103° to 257° f. puts a professional looking finishing touch on cables and hoses. pet wrap from per foot this side-split woven sleeving makes it easy to both install and rework cables. temperature resistant pet monofilament retains its flexibility even in extreme high and low temps. f6 braided wrap-around sleeving from per foot featuring a laterally-split design with a 25% overlap, f6® makes cable insertion easier than ever, and is able to withstand tight-radius bends without puckering or splitting open. non-fray braided sleeving from per foot great for use in the field where hot knives may not be available, non-fray pet sleeving can be cut with scissors without fraying at the ends. flexo® chrome expandable sleeving from per foot with all the shine of mylar braided sleeving but far more durability and abrasion-resistance, flexo® chrome is one of the hottest wire and hose coverings available for custom cars and motorcycles. axil™ z waterproof power/data center price equipped with waterproof simplex power outlets, able to resist damage and prevent electrical injury in the event that water or coffee spill on your desk. connectivity inserts for pcs1a-90u desk outlet from these interchangeable connector and jack inserts let you create a power and data center that's perfectly tailored to your unique needs. power data spheres® desk outlets from since they are free from moving parts, these power/data centers are ideal for use in schools, libraries, conference rooms, and multimedia labs. permacel p-665 gaffer's tape from an entertainment industry favorite, this matte, vinyl-coated cloth tape is can be torn by hand, doesn’t promote light reflection, and is perfect for splicing cables. arc communications data cable comb price try this affordable and effective data cable manager to organize your cables while ensuring they are easily accessible. dura wrap - high abrasion resistant sleeving from per 25 ft spool this salt water, engine chemical, gasoline and uv-resistant ballistic nylon wraparound protects cables, lines and chains from abrasion, and helps contain high-pressure fluids. heavy wall® from per 100 ft for industrial and outdoor applications. features a dense but lightweight braid that stands up to chemicals, uv rays, and extreme abrasion, and prevents fungus growth and rot. mylar® expandable sleeving from ultra-reflective sleeving gives a gleaming mirror finish to show car engines, computer case mods, and custom fishing lures. mildly conductive mylar provides a degree of electrical shielding. metal braided sleeving from per foot our flexible tin-coated copper sleeving shields cables against electromagnetic and radio frequency interference while protecting them from abrasion and gnawing animals. nomex® braided sleeving from / 25 ft per spool with a tensile strength of 90,000 psi, nomex® not only has excellent cut and abrasion resistance, but also protects against flame and temperatures up to 700°f nylon® multifilament braided sleeving from / 225 ft per spool helps dampen excessive noise and rattling while protecting cables and hoses from high engine bay temps and abrasion. uv-resistant, mil spec compliant, and will not rot or retain moisture. insultherm spark plug boot insulator from free from halogen and asbestos, these withstand oil, engine fluids, and a continuous operating temperature of up to 500°f to protect spark plug wires and boots from extreme engine heat. acrylic coated fiberglass sleeving from / 250 ft spool premium electrical-grade braided fiberglass is coated with acrylic resin to create a protective ul-approved cable sleeving that stands up to heat and resists solvents and engine fluids. flame retardant® expandable braided sleeving from per foot uv resistant and self-extinguishing. great for electronic applications where durability is paramount. meets mil-202, far 25, fmvss 302. ul rated vw-1 and fr-1 pet wrap flame retardant® from per foot hook and loop edging keeps this mil, fr and vw-approved flame retardant sleeving securely wrapped around cables, but allows for easy repeat access when maintenance is necessary. insultherm™ fiberglass braided sleeving from / 50 ft spool protect against the high heat in engine bays, exhaust systems and boiler/furnace rooms, this sleeving withstands temps up to 1200° f, and produces little dust during installation. heavy wall (1/32" wall) fiberglass sleeving from / 250 ft spool twice the thickness of standard fiberglass sleeving. ideal for insulating wires and wire harnesses in small heating devices. resists solvents and fluids. flame retardant polypropylene (pp) wire loom from with temperature-resistance qualities that surpass polyethylene's, this wire loom offers superior protection to high temperatures, and is rated self-extinguishing per the ul 94 v2 flame test. high temperature flexible nylon convolute wire loom from impervious to continuous temps of up to 257°f and capable of withstanding 180,000 miles of normal driving conditions. excellent wire protection in automobile engine bays. polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe) convoluted tubing from manufactured from a variety of materials. can be used in a wide variety of environments, and is produced to mil specs mil-t-81914/ variants 1-6 in both standard and extra flexible. bentley-harris convoshield™ from thermal protection for components in radiant heat environments, composed of a nylon copolymer base substrate and a highly reflective coating to protect wires/cables/hoses up to 500°c (932°f). wire loom t-connector price these snap-on connectors let you easily create instant 3-way wire loom intersections, so that cable breakout points aren't left unprotected or vulnerable to damage. wire loom clips and outlets from add wire loom clips and outlets, which give you the ability to mount the tubing or create secure cable-breakout intersections with ease. yellow wire loom installation tool from the ultimate cable-management time saver - lets you zip cables into split wire loom in just seconds, and protects your fingers from fatigue and abrasion. free with any wire loom or split wrap purchase. non-split corrugated wire loom tubing from this tough & economical wire protection/management solution is fully enclosed to prevent tampering and penetration by contaminants. furman classic series power conditioners from featuring linear filtering technology (lift), this power conditioner provides clean power and safely absorbs, clamps, and dissipates excess voltage to protect your a/v equipment. smart strip power saving surge protectors from allow you to save money on your electric bills by turning off electronic devices that are not being used, so your home doesn't waste energy. volex north american power cords from available premade or by custom order, these environmentally-friendly power extensions contain no hazardous materials, so they're rohs and reach compliant. standard indoor extension cords from our inexpensive 2 prong, 3 outlet household and small office extension cords are ul listed and csa certified. 13 amps /125 volts and anufactured with child /pet safety slide covers. do-max™ drop over cable protector price uv-stabilized polyurethane construction, t-connector interlocks, and reinforced fiberglass hinge pins. perfect for industrial and commercial environments. sidewinder cable protection systems™ price for 3ft designed to be far more flexible than standard cord covers, this customizable system can be curved back and forth like a snake to follow winding cable paths or work around obstructions. cable path™ tape from with rubber adhesive edging and a clear inner channel, cable path™ temporarily routes and tapes down cables at special events, and leaves no residue when removed. flexiduct plastic cord protector from not only do flexiduct cord protectors cover cables to keep floors clear and safe, they're also flexible enough to contour to the shape of your floor, and resist uv radiation, flame, and abrasion. rubber ducts price easy to install indoors/out & perfect for providing cables/cords with rugged protection against foot traffic, and in some cases even vehicles. has superior resistance to crushing and abrasion. megaduct cord and hose cover or bumper from made of heavy-duty pvc, protects large power cords, hoses and cables from heavy pedestrian and light vehicle traffic. it also does double duty as a vehicle and boat bumper. chordsavers™ chordsaver™ cord covers from with a hard pvc body, this is the only cord cover that can blend seamlessly with wood flooring. choose from 3 wood grains, 5 solid colors, or a custom-stainable finish. the core cord organizer from / 3 per pack this mini cord winder customizes the length of earbud, cellphone, and other gadget cords when they’re in use, and neatly coils them when they aren’t. wire loom installation tool from the fastest way to get your cables into and out of split wire loom - just wrap the tool around the cords you want to cover, insert it into the tubing, and zip the cables in. adhesive backed mounting bases from / 10 per pack use these adhesive-backed mounting bases in conjunction with cable ties to secure cords, cable bundles, hoses and wires to walls and other flat surfaces. colored wire loom from organize home and office cords and protect them from abrasion, friction and gnawing pets with our colorful split wire loom - available in 12 colors and 11 sizes to fit almost any need you have. rubber grommet from available individually or in kits, these rubber grommets pop into sharp-edged metal or wood cutouts to cushion cables against abrasion and wear. cat 6 patch cables from / per ft these category 5 cables feature a snagless molded strain-relief boot design and exceed specified performance as stated in tia/eia 568a for connecting hardware. mounted head cable ties from / 100 per pack with mounting heads that accommodate #10 screws, these cable ties are perfect for attaching cable bundles to walls, ceilings, or server racks. bulk wire loom - split flex tubing from bulk packaging for bigger jobs. this plastic corrugated split tubing is manufactured in different sizes ranging from 1/4" (6mm) to 3-1/2" (89mm). our tubing offers excellent protection for wiring harnesses, cables, tubing and more adhesive heat shrinkable tape from available in standard & heavy-wall, this heat shrink tape allows you to waterproof, splice or repair cables without the need to disconnect them. cable p-clamps from / 10 per pack smooth, flexible one-piece clamps make it easy to bundle and mount cables without damaging wire insulation. non-corrosive, with standard no. 10 screw holes. cable manager price / 2 per pack flexible rubber-coated coils lengthen, expand and bend to keep your cables bundled together, and hold their shape no matter how many times you use them. goldx usb quickconnect™ 12 in 1 camera kit from this 12 in 1 camera kit offers all the options you may ever need to get your connections in order. also included is a connector case for safe storage of tips when not in use. outdoor programmable timer with photocell price reduce the amount of time lights are used after dark. if your lights are programmed to switch on at 6pm but if the sun does not set until 7pm, the timer will not go on until 7pm. combination smoke & carbon monoxide alarms from they give you the peace of mind you need to rest easy knowing your family is protected from two deadly conditions: carbon monoxide poisoning and house fires. abesco z240 pipe collars from ideal for hotels, residence halls, office buildings, retail centers and other multi-compartment buildings, these fire collars seal off fire-melted plastic pipes to prevent flame spread between rooms or levels. wirerun snapper raceway & accessories from this latching cable raceway is an excellent way to hide cables in the home, office or conference room quickly and easily. economical multimedia jacks & wall plates from sized to fit single-gang electrical boxes, these multimedia faceplates are a versatile solution for configuring communications interfaces for audio, video and security. round plastic desk grommets from perfect for desks, conference tables and countertops. available in a large selection of matte colors and metals to put the finishing touches on cable pass-through holes and protect wires from abrasion. 3-outlet power strip price this compact power strip is perfect for tight spaces. the 3 grounded outlets and heavy duty power cord make it ideal for use with many common household appliances. cat5e bulk 50ft cable price a longer length of cat5e cable pre-terminated with rj45 jacks for either temporary use or for longer connections. nylon cable ties from / 100 per pack made of durable nylon 6/6, these general-use cable ties let you efficiently and inexpensively bundle cords, and are available in 15 colors. cable turtle from part of the museum of modern art’s design collection, the cable turtle wraps up excess cable length, and stores it out of sight in its sleek shell. stainless steel sleeving from per foot superior resistance to abrasion, chemicals, and uv rays. excellent for outdoor applications (fiber, rg6, cat5e) as well as automotive cable protection. safcord cord covers from washable, reusable safcord fastens loose floor cords to loop-style, commercial grade and berber carpets without any sticky adhesives. made of strong cordura nylon. neat-patch from give an it technician a place to store the ever present excess of patch cable length. can be purchased as a stand alone unit or as a kit complete with 24 2ft cat6 plug molded patch cables. fastlane™ drop over from with heavy duty l-shaped connectors and a high-traction surface tread. protects cables in areas with high pedestrian traffic (like malls and special events) while preventing trip-and-fall accidents. kableflags® cable identification tags price fully adjustable to fit any cable size, these cable id tags apply without any sticky adhesive, and are available in pre-printed or blank customizable versions. panduit pan-wrap™ split harness wrap and tool from / 100 ft small and flexible. this highly bendable harness wrap features a patented slot pattern that allows you to break cables out from the rest of the bundle wherever needed. panduit® hinged wall mount brackets from panduit hinged wall mount brackets provide a convenient alternative or addition to a floor rack for mounting lighter equipment. thermal transfer marker plates from 500 roll engineered to withstand a temperature range of 23° to 176°f, harsh solvents, oils and chemicals, this labeling solution is sure to fit your rugged application. panther™ ls8 label makers from designed for the it world, while printing the highest quality labels that are sure to last. features computer connectivity through usb interface import for data, system upgrades, and wireless printing. p1™ self-laminating label cassettes from panduit's line of self-laminating labels for cables and wires is simple to use and easy to understand thermal printed labels to ensure that your cables and wires can be easily identified. p1™ labels for panther™ ls8 & cougar™ ls9 printe from the panduit® p1™ provides the perfect combination of high tech by featuring an integrated memory and simple ideas like the fast loading design to make sure your job is completed quickly and efficiently. panduit polyethylene slit corrugated loom tubing from ideal for use with home theater, pc and power cables, this ridged tubing routes, conceals and organizes cables in one easy step, and stands up to mild and moderate impact. panduit nylon corrugated slit loom tubing from this tubing is an easy and practical way of bundling and protecting wires in automotive and home and office applications. panduit polypropylene corrugated wire loom fitting from a secure way to join corrugated loom tubing at junctions and breakouts. improve the appearance of your system while protecting your wires & are rohs compliant. panduit® mini-com® 12-port modular faceplate patch panels from these modular patch panels can be customized with any combination of utp, fiber optic or audio/video modules, and have snap-in, snap-out faceplates for easy updates. panduit® fiber optic patch cords from / per meter meeting and exceeding standard ratings these fiber optic jumpers provide all the help you need to build yourself a reliable, low maintenance network. netkey cat6 patch cords from / per 3 ft panduit netkey cat6 patch cables are an economical choice for your voice or data applications. they have a universal design compatible with most modular patch panels. pan-punch™ 110 category 5e connecting blocks and bases from designed for use with 22-26awg solid or stranded utp cable, these blocks and bases provide reliable and efficient cat5e terminations. panduit gs4h cable tie installation tool price with a 20-year warranty and maintenance-free design, panduit’s gs4h is built for a long life of tensioning and trimming cable ties. panduit pan-steel® self-locking stainless steel cable ties from / 50 per pack able to withstand exposure to corrosive substances and extreme temps ranging from –112°f to 1000°f, these are suited for use in the harshest environments. panduit gs4mt stainless steel cable tie installation tool price created specifically for tightening and trimming stainless steel cable ties, this cable tie gun features a tension selector knob and 20-year warranty. tak-ty® hook and loop cable tie strips and continuous rolls from 10 per pack messy and unmanaged cables can be an eyesore and a hazard waiting to happen. with panduit tak-ty hook and loop perforated strips or continuous rolls, wire management is fast, easy and affordable. panduit tak-ty® hook and loop cable ties from / 10 per pack with colors that will be sure to match any application tak-ty® hook and loop cable ties tackle unruly cables in a fast, easy, and affordable way. panduit plenum rated tak-ty® hook and loop cable ties from / 10 per pack manage and organize your expensive plenum rated cabling without worrying about passing building codes or damaging wires from over-tightening. panduit® pan-ty® marker and flag ties from / 100 per pack the need for identifying bundles is present constantly in the electrical and networking fields. this product is a great all-in-one addition to your tools. panduit® cable ties from / 100 per pack these nylon cable ties are adaptable to any environment and can be used both inside and outside of the house. panduit multi-gang cable tie mounts price / 100 per pack these adhesive-free cable ties are screwed onto surfaces to create sturdy, evenly-spaced tie-down points for cables, while keeping them raised 1 inch above the surface. panduit super-grip™ 4 way adhesive backed cable tie mounts from / 100 per pack when drilling holes is not an option, these adhesive-backed cable tie mounts grip just about any smooth surface to route cables both indoors and outdoors. panduit® contour ty™ nylon cable ties from / 1000 per pack ideal for aerospace, dod, train and other critical, vibration-heavy applications, these non-abrasive cable ties create more compact cable bundles for increased performance and a professional finish. super-grip™ cable ties from / 100 per pack feature super-grip™ teeth to stay locked securely in place, and are available in standard, weather resistant and heat-stabilized styles. panduit® mini-com® classic series sloped faceplates from featuring sloped connections that relieve cable strain, these faceplates save you the expense and network downtime that result from damaged data cables. panduit® netkey® flush mount communication faceplates from compatible with the keystone modules of all major manufacturers, these faceplates include labels and clear label covers to keep ports organized and easy to id. panduit® netkey® modular frames from mountable behind all standard or rectangular electrical cover plates, these modular frames allow you to house connectors anywhere an outlet already exists. panduit® faceplates & mini-com water resistant faceplate price accept mini-com® modules for stp and utp, fiber optic and audio/video, which snap in and out for easy moves, adds and changes. panduit® mini-com® surface mount boxes from compatible with mini-com modules, these surface mount boxes include side and rear cable knockouts, and a removable blank so you can add a second module. netmanager™ high capacity horizontal cable managers from designed to handle more demanding quantities than your average cable manager and with the latest innovative technology. great easy access and bend radius. panduit open-access horizontal cable managers from the unique open access horizontal d-ring cable manager provides a solution for managing cable on any standard eia 19" rack or cabinet. tool-less blanking network rack panels from perfect for both enclosures and open server racks, these blanking panels prevent energy-wasting bypass airflow, disguise empty spaces, and snap into place without tools for easy installation. panduct® type h - hinged cover wide slot wiring duct from for case of 20 ducts ideal for environments where frequent modifications are made. the dual hinge design allows you to quickly and easily access cables or wires in control panels and communication closets. panduct® hs hinged cover solid wall raceway from /case of 20 equipped with a dual hinged cover to allow quick and easy access to cables/wires in long cable runs. the channel design fully encloses the wiring to provide protection against environmental conditions. panduct® type hn narrow slot hinged cover wiring duct from for case of 20 ducts great for environments where cable management of high density cabling is a concern. the frequent slots and breakout points paired with the hinged cover provide cable access without hassle. panduct® type-f narrow slot wire duct from for case of 20 ducts equipped with a narrow finger/slot design, this wire duct enhances cable organization by providing more fan-out areas for wires and cables, and protects your hands with rounded edges. panduit® pan-way® t-70 cable raceway from / per 6 ft a non-metallic, multi-channel, surface raceway that can be used to route, protect, and conceal cabling with a rating of up to 600v. impact resistant material that lasts without peeling or corroding. pan-way® hinged raceways from / per 6 ft top quality protection and wire management for applications such as routing power along perimeter walls. available with bend radius control and power rated fittings. panduit® fiberrunner® cable routing systems from various channels and distribution attachments route your fiber optic and high performance copper throughout a data center. made from rigid pvc. pan-way® ld panduit raceways from / per 6 ft non-metallic systems are a functional, affordable, attractive solution to enclose wires in commercial, industrial and residential environments. fill with up to 6 coax, 10 cat 5 or 16 fiber optic cables. panduit® mini-com® tx5e™ and tx6a™ keyed shielded from featuring superior emi resistance and gold-plated contacts, these shielded modules are ideal for preventing signal degradation and loss. panduit® netkey® cat 5e & cat 6 modules from compatible with panduit modular faceplates and patch panels, these jacks are ideal for ethernet, gigabit ethernet, atm, token ring, and voip applications. panduit mini-com cat5e and cat6 jacks from able to be re-terminated a minimum of 10 times, these high performance jacks maintain cable pair geometry, and place no impact on critical internal components. netkey® fiber adapter modules from designed to fit with all keystone compatible products. this unique design for fiber optics allow a versatility never before seen for fiber connections. rj45 jack blockout device price the panduit rj45 jack blockout device provides a simple and affordable way to boost your office or home network security by removing access to unused port. rj45 plug lock-in device price makes your network tamper resistant by preventing the unauthorized removal of patch cords, ip phone cables, and other components that could destabilize your network connection. wiremold® evolution series wall boxes from this wall box ensures clean power, data, and a/v signal distribution throughout any commercial facility. wiremold� evolution series ceiling boxes from these multi-functional ceiling boxes certainly live up to their name, providing a streamlined vehicle for your modern office essentials. ortronics series ii® faceplates from designed for vga, cat5e, cat6, s-video, rca and bnc connector modules, these plates load easily and have a deep profile to increase cable storage space. ortronics series ii connector modules from setting up a custom access or extension point has never been easier. constructed from high impact thermoplastic, these connecting chips for workstations are made to last long. ortronics clarity® tracjack™ jacks and connectors from feature the improved performance of center tuned cat 5e or 6 connector technology, combined with the ease and reliability of a front-loading jack with 110 type termination. wiremold - ortronics faceplates price complete with recessed label fields and slotted screw holes that allow you to adjust alignment, these plates accept front or rear-loaded tracjack™ modular jacks. wiremold 1500 and 2600 steel over floor raceways from route power, telephone and data cables safely and neatly with this low profile, unobtrusive and rugged galvanized steel over-floor raceway. fittings and elbows available. access 5000 large capacity raceway by wiremold from for base designed to look like chair rail or baseboard molding. disguise cables routed over wall surfaces, and install without cutting or drilling into walls and ceilings to preserve energy efficiency. wiremold eclipse™ 600v rated surface raceways from /case of 20 widely used for communications, computer lines, surveillance systems, outlets, and other low-voltage wiring. nonflammable, self-extinguishing, and comply with ul standard 5a and nfpa. middle atlantic� techped� technology pedestal from house and protect essential small networking devices, power strips, and cabling with this innovative conference table pedestal. dlbx digital video recorder lockbox - middle atlantic price protect the evidence while ensuring components have the necessary thermal and cable management. designed to house and protect dvr's and multiplexers for surveillance and monitoring. vlbx time-lapse recorder lockboxes from protect the evidence when high security is a priority and ease of equipment access is essential, with a factory installed fan that provides effective thermal management. two sizes available. iec power cords - middle atlantic from / 4-pack these cables will not loop around and get tangled. middle atlantic's new iec power cords are a great way to save space and eliminate excess cable slack in rack installations. lt-1r rackmount light - middle atlantic from the retractable light shelf requires only one rack space, and features a dimmable led bar that illuminates automatically when opened. horizontal cable managers - middle atlantic from these horizontal cable managers help keep your patch cords organized and protected. they maintain the required bend radius and also provide strain relief for your cables and patch cords. middle atlantic ucp custom panel system from these low-profile panels let you custom configure a/v connectors in any standard 19” rack, making cable feed-throughs simpler and more organized. vertical lacer strips from made of perforated steel, can be mounted vertically to rack rail brackets on all middle atlantic product enclosures. lace cable bundles from the top to the bottom of an enclosure system. horizontal lacer bars from essential in helping avoid cable strain especially when you are trying to run cables from one side of the enclosure to the other. telescoping lacer system from able to telescope from 16" to 50", these lacer bars adjust to fit almost any cabinet, and come in pairs to ensure that you have more than enough connection points. grommets from grant cable protection around knockouts, whether you need it for a specific size, stand-alone or for ganged applications. we offer 30 foot rolls and 4" ganging grommets. dwr sectional wall mount rack - middle atlantic from with a zero clearance latch that lets you mount it in a corner or side-by-side, this rack also provides uhf/vhf antenna knockouts and multiple cable management features. middle atlantic rk series laminate racks from available in black, oak or maple finishes, these sleek furniture-grade enclosures are the perfect way to protect electronics in conference rooms and studios while maintaining a high level of style. ewr series 19" wall mount rack - middle atlantic from featuring a tool-free quick mount system that allows for one-person installation, this pivoting cabinet is ideal for housing smaller systems. middle atlantic mk series 19" cable management racks from perfect for managing high-density patching applications and equipped with multiple integrated cable management features. available in both standard and seismic-certified models. hinged panel mount - middle atlantic from for 1u panel mount one of the simplest and most cost-effective ways to mount network components, these hinged panel mounts swing out for easy access to connections. cable cove™ two post rack - kendall howard price 41u rack space with 4″ internal coves, or cable channels, running up each side, this rack provides built-in concealment and management for patch cords and network cables. compact series soho server rack - kendall howard from designed with small businesses in mind, these compact locking enclosures provide security in small spaces, and have mesh doors and venting for maximum airflow. kendall howard™ linier™ series fixed wall mount rack enclo from a cost effective alternative for housing expensive network equipment without losing precious floor or work space. easy to install, and with three points of access.. kendall howard 12u side load wall mount rack price designed for limited-space environments like it closets and small offices, this side-mount wall rack is open on 5 sides for excellent heat dissipation and easy equipment access and maintenance. fsr® active hdmi digital ribbon cable from / 33 ft these innovative active cables bridge the gap between distance, speed, and cost in longer, more complex runs. fsr t3u-1 tilt up table top box price this ready-to-configure table top box can be customized with your choice of power outlets and data ports, and once installed, simply tilts open for easy plug-ins. fsr t3u-2 tilt up table top box from designed to accommodate multiple access boxes within the same table, power and data unit has multiple adapter plate options to suit the user's changing needs. fsr t3u-3 tilt up table top box price ideal for offices, classrooms, conference tables and computer labs, this low profile unit provides easy-access power and data connections that retract when not in use. hellermanntyton non-printable heat shrinkable from precut into convenient, easily-manageable 5 or 10 meter lengths, this heat shrink is easy to transport to jobs, and dispenses straight from the box to insulate, color-code and harness cables. hellermanntyton® clip-tags numbered wire markers from perfect for labeling and number-coding cables without the need for sticky adhesive labels, these wraparound wire markers clip around the circumference of the cable to stay in place. tt230sm thermal transfer printer from this moderate-volume 300 dpi printer is perfect for small/medium businesses that need pro labeling capabilities, but not an expensive, large-capacity printer. hellermanntyton® edge clips price / 500 per pack perfect for temporary or permanent cable mounting in automotive, electrical, and other industrial applications. firmly grip surfaces without the need for nails, screws, or adhesives. heavy duty lashing ties from / 25 per pack ideal for hvac applications, these heavy-duty ties are available in lengths up to 52″, and have can withstand a temperature range of -40°f to 185°f. heavy duty cable tie installation tool - hellermanntyton price with pliers-type handles that provide a mechanical advantage, this installation tool is designed for heavy-duty hvac tie wrap installations. tytontwyster cable tie tension & cutoff tools - hellermanntyton price available in 2 different models that accommodate different cable tie widths, these tensioning tools allow you to tackle just about any installation. high tension cable tie cutoff tool - hellermanntyton price in addition to eliminating the fatigue and raw fingers that come with hand-installing cable ties, this tool has 3 adjustable tension levels to prevent cable damage. cable tie tension tool mk9 - hellermanntyton price with a padded foam grip and the ability to accommodate cable ties up to 1/2" wide, the mk9 can tension and trim ties with a tensile strength of up to 250 lbs. hellermanntyton® metal content ties from / 100 pack created specifically for the food and pharmaceutical manufacturing industries, these cable ties contain metal particles that make them detectable to food safety scanners. hellermanntyton® stainless steel cable ties from / 50 per pack with ball-bearing head mechanisms and fully adjustable straps, these ties install easily with tensioning tools, and are strong and safe enough for heavy-duty jobs. hellermanntyton® snapper clamps from / 100 per pack stable in the presence of heat, uv rays and chemicals, these non-corrosive cable and hose clamps install and remove 5 times faster than conventional clamps. rhino replacement labels from dymo labels use thermal transfer print technology that makes them durable, smear proof and resistant to chemicals, solvents, grease, heat, moisture, and other harsh elements. d1 tapes for labelmanager & labelpoint printers from ideal for hundreds of labeling tasks in your office, retail store, school, garden, classroom or on the road. the various labels provide you with endless solutions to your everyday labeling needs. labelwriter labels from designed with the office worker in mind. each label has a strong adhesive that adheres to papers, folders, cd’s, diskettes, and id badges quickly and easily. labelwriter® 450 label printer price connect it to your pc or mac®, and you’re ready to print impressive address labels, shipping labels, file folder labels, name badges, inventory labels, barcode labels and more. labelwriter duo label printer - accessories from combines two label makers in one: the features of labelwriter 400 turbo, for die-cut paper labels and label styles, with the versatility to print permanent nylon, plastic and polyester label cassettes. dymo letratag personal label makers from the dymo letratag is a small, handheld label printer that is ideal for labeling and organizing your home or home office. label youras storage boxes, photo albums, toys or cds, and shelves. rhino 4200 thermal transfer printer price ideal for basic labeling in field installations, security, av and networking applications, this compact-travel with a qwerty keyboard produces smudge and scratch-proof thermal transfer labels. network cabinet and rack cable management solutions from provide cable management for both low and high-density cabling in 19" racks, help to promote proper bend radius, increase airflow, facilitate maintenance, and improve overall appearance. great lakes cmr-45u cable management rack price available in 45u rack space equipped with front and rear waterfall trays, cable rings, cable tie slots and vertical channels. great lakes wall mount swing open rack from for 12u rack equipped with stay-open hinge pins that keep it open during installation and maintenance, this rack is ideal for wall mounting shallow network components. black box coax t connectors from black box offers three types of coax t connectors that are great for splitting signals from a common source to two devices. suit all of your video installation needs. black box audio plugs, jacks, posts, couplers from perfect for your bulk cable installations. the 24-karat gold plating in these connectors ensures better signal transmission and no corrosion. gigabase 350 cat5e patch cable (utp) from / per ft feature molded, snag-free boots. also, cable kinks and bent pins caused by frequent plugging into and unplugging from patch panels are eliminated, so crosstalk is reduced. unicam® mtp® connectors from these connectors help eliminate fiber end-face contamination and related problems by allowing you to terminate fiber in controlled production environments, instead of in the field. bumble bee gm (general manufacturing) price a great solution for plants or manufacturing facilities. the bright yellow color and black lid also help to make it more visible. up to 30,000 lbs per axle load bearing (in testing). yellow jacket® 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 channel cable protector from proven to endure over 20 years of rigorous use. the perfect heavy-duty solution for protecting cables and hoses. molded from proprietary high-density durathane™ polyurethane for less sliding. 3 channel drop-over with dog-bone connectors price thanks to a patented 5-bar tread surface and molded-in safety symbols, it provides a safe crossing over cables and hoses for pedestrians, as well as vehicle traffic up to 21,000 lbs per axle. linebacker® heavy duty 2, 3, 4 and 5 channel cord cover from capable of withstanding 40,300 lbs per axle. protects hoses and cables against traffic at festivals, conventions, and construction sites. rugged, light and easy to setup and transport. linebacker® 5 general purpose cord cover from used at movie sets, amusement parks, racetracks, auditoriums, convention centers and construction sites. 36” modular sections are lightweight for easy setup and transport. linebacker® ada compliant ramps from these ada compliant ramps and rails work in conjunction with linebacker® heavy duty and general purpose, and guard dog™ heavy duty cord protectors. these ramps are expandable. aluminum double-sided tool price efficiently pulls cables through split braided sleeving, saving time, money and wear-and-tear on your hands. lightweight aluminum construction and double-sided design. roundit® 2000 from / foot with a self-wrapping design that's heat-treated to retain its shape, roundit® 2000 slips over cables and hoses via its lateral slit to protect against damage-causing liquids and sharp edges. bentley harris® roundit® 2000nx (fr woven wrap) from per foot combines the characteristics of wire loom and braided sleeving to provide superior cable protection in aeronautical, marine, rail and industrial applications. expando® pt plus from protects hoses and cable harnesses from chafing and cuts, while allowing harmful moisture to dissipate. with an open weave that lets it conform to cables and connectors of varying sizes. expando® fr plus from this flame-retardant version of expando® sleeving doesn�t trap heat or humidity, and maintains its flexibility and fray-resistant protection in extremely low temperatures (to -94° f). expando® 686dm from designed to release fewer toxic fumes in the event of fire, will not rot, and its patented pps and peek construction is resistant to abrasion, heat, oils, acids, solvents and uv rays. rack-a-tiers multi function hole cutter from multi-function hole cutters are adjustable, faster and safer to use then the standard drills available today. these items minimize the harmful dust and shavings that are inhaled while you are drilling. rack-a-tiers hoppy bender from hand pipe benders have remained virtually unchanged for over 50 years now. the hoppy bender has revolutionized the process by taking the guesswork and the mathematics out of bending pipe. arlington industries gard-n-post bollard kit price perfect for decks, docks, backyards and any other outdoor setting. designed to stylishly light gardens and pathways while bringing power and low voltage connections conveniently outdoors. arlington industries cam-kit price complete kit for munting just about any security camera. attaches to just about any pre-existing fixture box, saving time and money on retrofit applications. arlington industries® cam-light™ box from ideal for use with light fixtures, security cameras, detectors and signage, these mounting boxes install easily into almost any wall or ceiling to support the weight of hanging or suspended fixtures. arlington® anybody™ universal conduit bodies from ideal for use with both metallic and non-metallic conduit, these connectors let you easily customize angles in the field so that you can eliminate the need for conduit benders. snap2it® conduit fittings from ideal for use with both metallic and non-metallic conduits, these fittings simply snap on to create a liquid-tight seal without the need for extra hardware, tools, tapes or messy sealants. arlington ind. snap2it™ connectors - insulated throat from these connectors have been redesigned and improved to give you the widest range of cable od as well as cable selection. arlington industries steel & iron beam clamps from designed to attach cable support systems to beams and purlins without soldering or drilling, these steel and iron clamps can support up to 600 lbs. arlington industries insulated emt bushings from designed to cover the rough edges of emt conduit to prevent cable damage, these tap-on bushings are safe for use in air handling spaces, and are compatible with rigid metal and pvc conduits. roof topper™ rooftop conduit supports from perfect for raising and supporting conduit 4 inches or larger above roof surfaces per nec requirements. require no drilling and can support up to 2000 lbs. made of uv-rated plastic. the loop - cable hanger from cables can be hung at virtually any angle, whether perpendicular or parallel, even from beams by using a standard beam clamp. arlington reversible entrance plates from these wallplates give you a way to feed low voltage cables into a wall without them becoming damaged, and can also be reversed for use as an exit point. dri-box® weatherproof outlet covers from these dri-box adapters® are easy to install and maintain. the cover snaps right into place and provides a weatherproof fit protecting your valuable electrical components. scoop cable entry plate with slotted cover price designed to provide support and a professional, prevents low voltage cables from falling back behind the wall, and fills in open space for a cleaner-looking installation. new construction low voltage mounting brackets from a great addition to your new construction project. the allow you to run communication connections throughout your beams without the need for an electrical box. arlington industries small diameter sconce box from excellent choices when you want the professionally installed look. not only are they aesthetically pleasing, but they are functional as well. 6.8 cubic inch super-size capacity. recessed tv box price lcd/ plasma tv’s will sit flush against the wall, as will your furniture, giving you extra space and a neat finish. recessed multiple gang tv box for power and low voltage price hide or conceal outlets and multiple cables behind your tv with this recessed gang tv box. ideal for neatly installing audio, telephone, home theater, networking and auxiliary cables. inbox™ retrofit electrical box price comes with a weatherproof-in-use cover, installed bug plugs, (1) standard duplex and (1) gfci face plate, installation screws, (1) roll of caulk and nm cable connector. fsr404 4x4 box from available in steel or plastic, these dual-gang wall boxes adapt to different wall thicknesses, and let you install electrical outlets or low voltage connections in any retrofit application. gangable plastic electrical boxes from give you the option of ganging up to 10 devices or receptacles without tools, and take up very little storage space. easily keep parts on hand without having to order for each individual job. fastcam fiber connectors and installation kits from pre-polished connectors and installation kits that provide precision mechanical termination of single –mode or multimode fiber. no proprietary tools, epoxy, or time-consuming hand polishing are required. leviton fiber optic consumable kits & fan out kits from leviton's consumables kits contain everything you need to clean and polish fiber optic connectors, such as polyester wipes, alcohol pads, music wire, and lapping film. thread-lock® fiber optic connectors from these connectors are field installable and require no epoxy, heat cure devices, or special tools to terminate single mode or multimode fiber. they may be removed and reused. fast-cure adhesive-style connectors from these multimode or single mode adhesive-style connectors are perfect for quick and easy terminations. available in st, sc, and lc configurations, and specified including lan, wan and catv. leviton gigamax® 5e 110 to 110 patch cord from used to cross connect between 110 blocks or between 110 blocks and patch panels ensuring category 5e channel level performance when used with cat 5e cable. leviton extreme cat6+ 100 style patch cords from / per foot make cross connections between 110 blocks or between 110 blocks and patch panels. available for both t568a and t568b configurations, and meet or exceed tia/eia and iso/iec standards. decora® 15 amp ac quiet rocker switches from these durable switches shield against dust, dirt, and grime, which prevents the switch from sticking. this reliable switch comes in a variety of colors to match your decor. decora® occupancy sensor switch with night light from this sensor wall switch with led night-light is designed for use in any residential or commercial location where safety is a concern and energy savings are desired. decora® illuminated rocker switches from designed to be easily located in the dark, these rocker switches remain illuminated even when the lights are turned off, and can even double as night lights in kids' rooms. leviton vizia rf+™ designer wall switches from available for incandescent, fluorescent, and electronic or low voltage magnetic lighting, these designer wireless switches match the entire vizia line, and can be controlled with any z-wave® remote. decora® manual on occupancy sensor price this sensor detects human motion and responds by keeping incandescent, low voltage and fluorescent lighting on. features sensitivity adjustments and integral sliding blinders. decora recessed duplex receptacles from 15amp/124 vac. an appealing solution to the discerning user or installer to hide receptacles and modules behind flat screen tv's, monitors, wall units or entertainment units. snap-in receptacle (nema-rated) price perfect for bridging the gap when a refrigerator, garage door opener or appliance calls for just one extra power outlet. can be installed safely and easily as a retrofit, or in new construction. lev-lok™ modular receptacles from consists of two components: a wiring device and wiring module (locking connector with leads). this system saves time and money, while improving safety and performance. smartlock pro® 20 amp gfci protection receptacles price the safest gfci in the market today. the difference between a standard gfci and this one, is that the smartlock reset button will not work if protection is compromised. 15a and 20a configs. commercial grade combination switches and receptacles from make the most of your limited space by using combination 15 amp or 20 amp switch & receptacle devices. consider these durable devices in any new or retrofit construction. acenti duplex receptacles price made to replace ordinary 2 plug receptacles in renovations (or install in new construction) with a technologically superior design and modern look. gigamax™ 5e universal patch panels and u89 patch block from these high performance, user-friendly cat5e patch panel systems contain both 568a and b configurations for 110-style idc terminations. extreme® 6+ universal patch panels - leviton from bringing you quality performance at an economical price, these cat6 patch panels feature patented retention force technology, as well as color-coded port labels. vertigo™ zero-u patch panels - leviton from designed to consume zero rack spaces, this patch panel can be mounted on a cabinet back rail, ladder tray, wall, or even under the floor. leviton - type 625 modular telephone wall jacks from available in single or duplex sizes, these modular 6p4c jacks come complete with a matching wallplate and hardware, and fit any standard nema wallbox. decora® tv/phone combination jack price including rj11 and f-type jack inserts, these wallplates provide you with hook ups for both utp telephone and coaxial video connections. leviton - decora® multimedia inserts from place voice, data, audio and video ports all in one convenient location with decora multimedia inserts, which fit neatly into and single-gang decora wallplate. leviton - type 625 decora® modular wall jack inserts from designed for use with decora and decors plus wallplates, these rj11 jack inserts fit into standard or multi-gang wall boxes. leviton rca 110-type quickport connector price transmit audio/video signals over standard category 5, 5e or 6 utp cabling, featuring 110-style idc punch downs on the rear for simple, fast installation. leviton quickport® snap-in rca jack bulkhead connectors price color coded with pass through design for your audio/video and home theater applications to create a multimedia center in your wall plate or housing. shielded quickport connectors price / per 3 ft use this shielded patch panel in conjunction with shielded connectors and patch cords to protect critical data from electromagnetic interference (emi). quickport® bnc, f-type & blank inserts from create a customized multimedia center in your wallplate or housing for high-end video, home theater, cctv or lan. requires no soldering, and connections can be made with standard industry tools. quickport® cat5e gigamax™ snap-in connector price perfect for use in high bandwidth, shared-sheath and high-traffic network applications. has guides for 568 a and b configurations, and come in many colors for easy color-coding. quickport® snap-in connectors - usoc and voice grade from leviton's ul-listed modular connectors are ideal for all voice-grade cable applications, and feature fire-retardant plastic housings and phosphor bronze contacts. leviton extreme® category 6+ snap-in connectors from compatible with other quickport snap-in modules for voice/data and video applications, these snap-in connectors have180° configuration for rear termination. leviton pre-configured structured media™ panels from perfect for building or expanding media or voip networks, these include modular hardware for 2 to 4 lines of service that can be added onto for up to 19 connections. decora® nylon wallplates & plus screwless snap-on wallplates from finish your wall switches in style with these perfectly sleek and smooth screwless wallplates, which are compatible with all leviton decora® inserts. leviton surface mount housings from these field-configurable surface mount housings come in 2, 4, 6, or 12 port configurations, and feature built-in strain relief as well as knockouts for cable entry. leviton 1, 2, or 3 gang duplex receptacle wallplates from impact-resistant faceplates stand up to day-to-day abuse, abrasion, and cleaning solutions, and are compatible with lev-lock, hospital grade, and standard duplex receptacles. leviton commercial grade toggle device wall plates from these commercial toggle wallplates are durable enough to resist impact, scratches, fading and discoloration, and come in 1, 2, and 3-gang configurations. leviton quickport® single gang wall plate w/ id window price fully compatible with quickport® snap-in connectors and blank fillers, these wallplates facilitate port identification by providing windows for id labels. leviton quickport® dual gang wall plate with id window from these dual-gang flush-mount wallplates are designed for high-density quickport® configurations that require individual port identification. flame retardant slit harness wrap from used in the datacom/telecom, electrical, aircraft, wire harness and automation industries, this flexible nylon wrap bundles and protects cords, and limits the bend radius of fragile fiber optic cables. richco® richflex flexible channel from perfect for use under desks, to and from control panels or in any other awkward space needing cable management. features bendable fingers that allow cable break-outs wherever they're needed. wire harness clips from / 1000 per pack with an operating temperature range of -40° f to 185° f, these screw or rivet-mountable clips are perfect for managing automotive and aerospace wire harnesses. beaded cable ties from / 1000 per pack locking key heads keep these beaded ties securely fastened, but allow for hassle-free reopening when cables need to be updated or rerouted. kurly lock with adhesive base from with adhesive-backed bases that let you route cables against walls and other flat surfaces, these clips feature round edges that won't abrade cables or fingers. richco steel clamp with rubber cushion from / 500 per pack rubber-cushioned steel clamps provide long-term electrical insulation and vibration control while routing and securing wires in aircraft and military vehicles. cable clamps with eyelets from / 100 per pack this cable management tool is perfect for securing cables in environments which undergo extreme vibration. light and heavy duty cables are kept secured and in place without the risk of abrasion. adhesive kwik klips from / 100 per pack with a sturdy, latching design that can be reused over and over again, these adhesive-backed adjustable clips are a budget friendly way to tame tangled cords. kurly lock from with a rounded shape that won't abrade cables or fingers, kurly lock clips have unique curved ends that twist around each other to hold cables in place. twist lock from able to secure cable bundles with just a twist, these nylon 6/6 cable clips let you add, remove, and update cables over and over again. dual end twist lock from with flexible, curved ends that lock around each other, these dual-ended wire clips let you route and organize two cable bundles at once. open snap-in bushings from per 10 with a split design that allows them to slip over existing cable harnesses, these bushings protect cables from abrasion as they’re routed through rough-edged holes. closed snap-in bushings from per 10 black nylon bushing snaps into sharp sheet metal penetration points to provide a smooth lining that won't cut or abrade cables as they pass through. molded grommet strip from per 100 cuts to size so you can fit it around any sharp-edged cutout that is 1" or more in diameter, to protect skin and cable insulation from abrasion. crimp tool, compression tool, rg-59, rg-6, bnc from perfect for home theater installation. you can use our wire strippers to access your wiring and the crimp and compression tools to connect any of these cabling schematics in your home theater system. single and dual gang bulk cable wall plates from allows multiple low-voltage cables to exit the wall through one opening, as well as to be retained without the risk of compression-related damage. economical, high quality wall mount cabinets - quest from top and rear panel cutouts make it easy for you to route cable into and out of this enclosure, and front, top, and rear vents increase air circulation. 4 post open frame adjustable rack - quest price 45u rack space made of heavy-duty 14-gauge steel, this rack is strong enough to support a high weight capacity of up to 1700 lbs, and meets eia-310-d standards. enclosure cabinets - quest from available from 20u - 45u rack space this eia-compliant, fully-assembled rack provides fan ventilation, a locking door for security, all the mounting hardware you need, and even casters. open server racks - quest from available from 20u - 45u rack space equipped with u-shaped rails that are pre-tapped for #12-24 mounting hardware, these steel server racks can be anchored to the floor for extra support. mesh door enclosures - quest from available from 34u - 45u rack space designed for superior ventilation, these server racks are equipped with mesh doors and vented sides that encourage airflow and allow heat to dissipate. wall mount cabinet with removable side panel - quest from with a keyed side panel for easy access to equipment and cables, this enclosure also features a built-in fan and vented panels to keep equipment cool. tz replacement labels from brother replacement labels tough and sturdy enough to withstand most environmental conditions and surfaces. fade, abrasion, heat, chemical and water resistant tested. brother® hge (high grade) laminated tape cartridges price expect speedy, ultra-high resolution labels from your compatible brother printer with these industrial grade cartridges. p-touch® pt-9600 labeling system price print on regular “tz” tapes or industrial adhesive tape with a wide selection of sizes & colors. powered by a ac adapter or a rechargeable battery & can be connected to a pc or a mac. monster cable® monster xp® speaker wire from / ft monster xp® speaker cable offers audiophile-quality performance at low cost, and it looks great with your decor! monster cable® speaker cable price per foot this high-performance speaker cable features a large copper conductor area for better power transfer and good dynamics. special strandings improve clarity and provide more natural music reproduction. cables to go™ cat 6 rj45 utp keystone jacks price designed to snap into patch panels, wall plates and desk grommets, these cat 6 keystone jacks are perfect for high-speed networking, and are available in 8 colors for easy color-coding. cables to go™ 4-port single gang keystone wall plates price perfect for offices and home theaters, these multimedia wall plates can be custom-configured with almost any keystone jacks to give you the perfect combination of data and a/v connections. jameson double-lock™ telescoping pole from double-lock system is made up of internal and external locks that ensure that the poles will not collapse or separate when fully extended. jameson - sectional push rod kit from this kit offers high strength and extreme flexibility, and has a unique non-conductive solution to push or pull wire or cables. jameson easy buddy rodder from the jameson easy buddy is made of a solid fiberglass, non-conductive 1/4" core rod. it is fully portable because of a lightweight frame with wheels. jameson little buddy & accessory kit from lightweight and portable. ideal for home drops from the hand-hole box to the house or building. technicians find it handy on walker ducts, pole wiring and control wiring. jameson wee buddy & accessory kit from easily slides over existing wires, especially at bends. great for inside wiring jobs in occupied conduits. perfect to use for installing short electrical wire, or long coax cables. carbon monoxide alarm 120v from this essential device helps warn of carbon monoxide levels and is inter-connectable with other kidde devices, such as smoke alarms and heat detectors on one wiring network. greenlee compact ratchet cable cutter price the perfect tool for tight spaces. the gl-760 is compact and fits easily onto any tool belt and yet is powerful enough to cut through aluminum and copper cabling from 8awg to 1000 kcmil. greenlee gator ek628l battery powered crimping tool price designed to let you crimp electrical connectors with 6 tons of force using only one hand, and automatically opens after crimps are complete to save you time on the job. small storage boxes - greenlee from this tool storage box has a single lock hasp that is compatible with a padlock. much more durable than a mere tool bucket, it features heavy-duty hinges and chain connector to hold the lid in position. mobile storage chests - greenlee from equipped with an enhanced lid bolster for added support and durability and steel support arms to secure the lid in the open position. site-rite® aluminum and site-rite ii® iron hand benders from greenlee® hand conduit benders are available in heat-treated aluminum or malleable iron. the emt, rigid, or imc conduit benders are offered with or without the handle. auger - d'versibit® system from wood-type auger bit with screw point. pulls itself through wood, avoids walking or skidding. excellent for drilling in soft woods or through thin sections. slow back-taper allows for easy retrieval. greenlee hole saws, arbors, and pilot draws from cut through steel, tin, aluminum, fiberglass, wood and plastic. the strong m42 alloy blades provide you with long lasting use and eliminate the need to constantly replace blades. electrician/plumber's hole saw kits from ideal for anyone in the electrical or plumbing industries. each kit comes equipped with an assortment of the most commonly used variable pitch hole saw sizes and arbors. netcat® 500 pro structured wiring troubleshooter - greenlee price simple one touch testing verifies network cabling and service. the netcat® pro is a digital tool for fast and accurate testing of cables, wiring and network services. automatic electrical tester from the automatic electrical tester features: hassle free, automatic measurement of amperage, voltage, and resistance. steel fish tape - greenlee from high-impact nylon, one-piece handle for maximum durability, long life, and easy use. wide, impact-resistant rewinder case with view ports and retaining strap on inside to hold tape secure. greenlee fish stix extenders from whisk nose tip is available for fishing over obstacles, and can be used to guide extended glo stix sideways above ceilings by rotating. fish stix - greenlee from high visible green color rods can be easily threaded together and seen when working above ceilings, down walls, or under raised floors. cable tray sheaves - greenlee from designed to cut down on friction and snags during heavy-duty cable pulls, these rollers attach temporarily to cable trays to help bundles roll along smoothly. cable caster - greenlee price improves productivity when installing cables over large distances. just shoot the glow-in-the-dark green dart up to 50 feet, attach your cable and pull it back using the take-up reel. greenlee® cable roller pulling tool from the greenlee rolling guide cable puller helps you pull cables effortlessly along cable trays, ducts, and virtually anything you can clamp it to. choose between two sizes to accommodate the size of your job. erico caddy electrical box bracket from designed to help you easily identify the mounting orientation of electrical boxes and plaster rings, this bracket makes installations quicker, and prevents damage to drywall. erico caddy® telescoping box support price this bracket allows you to pre-affix gang boxes off-site, and can then be custom-adjusted later during on-site installation to precisely fit any stud spacing between 12 and 24 inches. caddy j-hook cat link system from reduces cables friction and offers less vertical cable compaction. available in several sizes. can be used with a wide variety of cable. erico® caddy® low voltage versatile thread impression from / 20 per pk using this one product in dozens of different drywall applications will allow you to eliminate the need for stock and tool equipment. for use with multi-gang devices. gator cases rackmount power distribution strips from capable of mounting horizontally or vertically, these rack mount power strips provide a space-saving supply of 110v power for 6 or 12 components. flat and flanged rack mount panels - gator cases from designed to block unauthorized access to rack mounted equipment though open rack space, these panels neatly and securely "fill in the blanks" between components. gator lockable rack mount drawers from with spring-loaded latches and a knockout to accommodate a keyed lock, these drawers let you securely store limited-access components right in your server rack. vented and security rack mount panels - gator cases from designed for security and increased airflow, these panels prevent unauthorized access to network equipment while maximizing air circulation. lightweight lcd monitor carrying case from made of extra-tough 600 denier nylon casings lined with shock absorbing foam and tricot, these screen cases allow you to safely and conveniently transport lcd monitors to multiple locations. ventilation fans - hoffman from these units can be mounted on a standard 19 inch rack and occupy only 1 ru. the power cord plugs directly into a standard 115 vac outlet. single-sided vented shelves from allow for added flow-thru ventilation and designed for 19" rack mount widths and are made of 16 awg steel. the 1-piece design allows for strong support and includes a set of 4 12-24 rack screws. patch cord organizers from cooper b-line from manage and provide strain relief for your horizontal and vertical cable runs. they are powder coated steel with polyethylene wire saddles. all mounting hardware is included. dura blok™ rooftop support solutions from perfect for use with pipes, cable tray, walkways and hvac equipment. support stand up to weather and dampen vibration while holding components on the roof with no nails or adhesives. plastics cable hoops from these plastic cable hoops provide easy cable bundle management and are made from fire-retardant sr5 polypropylene. signamax™ optical fiber adapter plates from available with st, sc, lc or mt-rj connectors. color-coded to differentiate between single-mode and multimode connections, and perfect for cross-connects in distribution hubs. signamax low-profile fiber optic enclosures from designed specifically for limited-space applications, these high-density fiber enclosures let you safely fit anywhere from 12 to 72 fibers in only 1ru, and feature see-through tops for easy inspection. signamax™ wall mount fiber optic enclosures from these wallmount enclosures combine standard or security door options with fiber slack management for an effective, all-in-one solution. signamax™ fiber distribution enclosures from thanks to their flexible, modular design, they allow the user convenient access to hardware while providing fiber terminations with safe, protective housing from a single distribution point. signamax rack mount fiber optic enclosures price for 1u enclosure accommodate any combination of available fiber optic connectors, hold up to 288 fiber terminations, and have clear plastic lids for easy viewing. signamax™ fiber optic adapters from these user-friendly modular adapters are available in simplex, duplex and quad styles to accommodate low- and high-density fiber terminations. signamax™ st, sc, lc and mt-rj fiber optic jacks from these keystone modules snap into most patch panels and wall plates with keystone insets, and are available in a variety of coaxial and fiber optic styles. signamax™ unscreened high-density mt-series keystone jacks price able to support both tia 568a and 568b wiring schemes, these slim-profile jacks are ideal for high-density patch panels, and feature 110-style rear contacts for easy termination. signamax™ standard-density feed-thru patch panels from these plug-and-play patch panels are a time-saving solution for cross-connects between active equipment. meet tia/eia requirements. signamax™ field-configurable unloaded patch panels from these modular, unloaded, high-density patch panels can accommodate both screened and unscreened cat5e, cat6 and cat6a jacks for complete flexibility in network configuration. high-density field-configurable unloaded patch panels from perfect for creating a new network or just upgrading a preexisting one, these ultra-compact patch panels allow installers to fit more connections into less rack space, and feature port identification. signamax media converters with link fault signaling from equipped with link fault signaling (lfs) to recognize failure on fiber or twisted-pair channels, these converters establish a fiber optic infrastructure within your existing network. nelson firestop lbs3™ latex sealant from firestops through-penetrations of non-combustible pipe, insulated pipe and combustible pipe (such as pvc, pex, cpvc and abs). it can applied using a standard caulk gun, bulk loader, or trowel. ideal industries yellow 77® plus wire pulling lubricant from featuring a teflon additive that allows it to lubricate better than other wax-based products, this cable pulling lubricant has a homogeneous formula that requires no mixing. ideal industries aqua-gel® iip wire pulling lubricant from formulated for low viscosity, this cable pulling lube can be easily poured or pumped on to eliminate messy hand application. ideal aqua-gel® cold weather cable pulling lubricant from designed specifically for use in cold weather environments, this outdoor cable lubricant stays fluid all the way down to -25°f (-32°c). ideal clearglide™ wire pulling lubricant from ideal for use with color-coded cable runs, this clear gel wire lubricant won't stain, fade, or discolor cable jackets. ideal industries velocity™ cable pulling lubricant from formulated to move cables up to 4" in diameter through the oldest, dirtiest, and most stubborn conduits, this high-lubricity wire pulling lube contains no wax, grease, or silicone. ideal industries foam carriers from designed to sweep built-up dirt, debris and cable lubricant residue from conduit and pipes, these foam carriers can be attached to cables. ideal industries pro-pull™ rope from designed as a low-cost alternative to expensive mechanical cable pullers, this low-friction polypropylene rope can easily pull even heavy cables through conduit without being snagged. ideal tuff-grip™ stainless steel fish tape price 240' long specially designed fish tape for wet job conditions as well as rough edge conduit. this tape is durable and tough enough for most rough job site conditions. tuff-grip™ s-class® fiberglass fish tape - ideal price with a non-conductive fiberglass core with an outer nylon coating, the tape reduces jamming, friction and abrasion and provides twice the pull-out strength of other brands. ideal tuff-grip™ steel fish tapes from manufactured from carbon-blued steel. the 1/8” wide tape has a tensile strength of 2100 lbs and the 1/4" has 4200 lbs of tensile strength. ideal 31-010 50' blued steel thumb winder™ fish tape from 50' fish tape is specially designed for general work, not wet conditions or where live circuits could be damaged. made of carbon steel with a tensile strength of 1600 lbs. ideal zoom™ fish tape from has an innovative clear case design to see how much tape you have left on the roll. the radial steel, round design assists in maneuvering around bends and in all directions. id-31-144 ideal tape-pak® gold-fish® fish tape from 50' long and specially designed for multiple bends since it will hang straight even after being bent for long periods. its tensile strength is 600 pounds. ideal wire-nut® wire connectors from / 100 per pack perfect for quickly joining wires ranging from 8 to 22 awg, these twist-on connectors have an inner spring that threads tightly for a reliable grip, and are made of self-extinguishing plastic. ideal s-class® fiberglass fish tape field application repair kit price 31-156 s-class® fiberglass fish tape field application kit (repair kit) is essential for anyone working with s class fiberglass fish tape because it provides an instant fix in the event of a break. ideal id-30-452 wing-nut® 452® wire connector, red from / jar of 300 made to accommodate from 2 to 4 wires ranging in size from 18 awg to 10 awg. easy to use, have a square spring that helps secure them into place, and meet strict ul and csa rating requirements. ideal® in-sure™ push-in wire connectors from / 100 per pack feature reliable stainless steel inserts, have a clear visual display and are color coded for quick identification. supports electrical wiring 600v and lighting fixtures or signage up to 1000v. ideal® twister® pro wire connectors from / box of 500 splice electrical wires without crimping neither tools, these twist-on connectors feature square springs for secure connections, as well as wings and vertical grooves for improved comfort and grip. heat elite pro heat gun - ideal price this versatile professional-grade heat gun with optional attachments is ready to handle everything from heat shrink tubing to disinfecting heat-safe surfaces. heat elite pro heat gun with digital display - ideal price equipped with an lcd display, this heat gun gives you 7 setting options for shrinking, forming, welding, soldering, paint stripping, drying, and manual operation. ideal hole saw arbors from made from strong long lasting steel. they are versatile and can be used with several hole saw diameters, as seen in tech specs. ideal ironman™ bi-metal hole saws from these saws have been manufactured with an innovative bi-metal design which consists of a softer back plate for flexibility and hard metal variable pitched teeth which offer rapid, clean cuts. 33-505 technician's basic service kit price specifically designed with technicians in mind, this kit includes a 110/66 punchdown tool, utp stripper, electrician’s screwdriver, probe pic, spudger, and more. 33-700 rj11/ rj45 telemaster kit price with a rugged steel body and comfort-grip handles, this all-in-one tool allows you to cut cable, strip insulation, and crimp rj11 and rj45 connectors. 33-652 10base-t crimpmaster™ rj45 kit price complete with 200 modular rj45 plugs, a data t-cutter and the crimpmaster™ ratcher crimp, this all-in-one-kit is perfect for 10base-t installations. 33-201 deluxe crimpmaster™ coax kit price this one-step coax crimper kit includes all of the tools and dies you need for ethernet, bnc, and thinwire crimping jobs, all packed into a carrying case. pro installer tools from designed specifically for the pro a/v installer, these tool includes everything you need to terminate, install and test home theater cabling ideal 35-400 electrician's hole saw kit from this kit covers your cutting needs to make all of the most popular hole sizes. with its engineered bi-metal construction, the ideal hole saws now have a longer cutting edge life that equals any in the industry. ideal 35-926 twist-a-nut combo pack price perfect for the electrician because it is easy to carry in the pouch that slides easily onto your belt with a metal clip and contains several tools needed for proper conduit installations. ideal coaxial stripper - 1/8" to 7/32" price a lightweight, small stripper able to handle many of your datacom and telecom needs. excellent for cat5 cable as well as twisted-pair wire, tightly wrapped stranded cables and more. ideal 9-in-1 ratch-a-nut screwdriver price the ideal 9-in-1 ratch-a-nutt screwdriver has three way ratcheting technology . ratcheting wire connector and ratcheting screwdriver make this an innovative and useful part of your kit. ideal omniseal pro xl compression tool from it compresses all ideal connectors - f, rca, rg11-f, and mini-rca connectors. in addition, by using a screwdriver, you are able to adapt this versatile tool to competitor connectors. ideal 200 amp automatic split jaw tester price the id-61-096 ideal 200 amp automatic split jaw tester will automatically sense and display on its lcd screen ac/dc volts, a/c amps, resistance and continuity. triplett cobracam2 portable inspection camera price equipped with a 2.4" full-color lcd screen, this scope camera can snake its way into pipes, chimneys, and sewer lines to send back images of obstructions, failing seals and other conditions. 2000 railroad test set price able to detect foreign voltage regardless of polarity, this basic tester measures code parameters in any ac or dc range, and has a modular design for easy customizations/upgrades. protemp 12 thermometer from the protemp is a hand-held, battery-operated sensor that safely and accurately measures temperature using non-contact infrared technology. sniff-it 2 ac voltage dectector price the sniff-it 2 ac voltage detector is an economical and compact way to check for ac voltage. triplett 1101-b digital multimeter price the 1101-b is a compact digital multimeter with backlit display and temperature test. triplett 2030-c digital multimeter price the autoranging 2030-c handheld digital multimeter is economical and used for general electrical, electronic, troubleshooting and repair work. cletop automatic ferrule connector cleaner price designed to be more effective and less time consuming than most common fiber cleaning methods, this economical all-in-one unit cleans fiber connector ferrules in just one swipe, and leaves no signal-hindering residue behind. brady heat shrink labels from these brady printer cartridges of heat shrink tubing can be used with either idxpert, bmp21 or tls2200 models and come in various sizes. tls2200 labels from wire/cable marking & rohs compliant. made of permanent acrylic or rubber adhesive to allow use on smooth or rough surfaces. industrial strength vinyl cloth and nylon cloth material. idxpert labels from labels for the idxpert™ handheld labeler. materials are available for wire and cable markers; panel, rack and frame id; facilities labels; and specialty labels for labs and work spaces. pelican super sabrelite™ 2000 flashlight price lightweight body made of lexan resin, featuring a laser spot xenon lamp. completely submersible. package includes belt spring clip, stainless steel split ring and black lanyard. pelican mitylite™ 2340 flashlight price can be turned on/off and intermittent with one hand. made of an unbreakable chemical resistant resin. includes a pre-focused xenon laser spot lamp module, shirt clip. water-resistant (not for diving). pelican 7060 led flashlight price brilliant light. this advanced led technology maintains peak brightness at 130 lumens for up to 90 minutes and allows you to illuminate up to 120 yards away. mobile tool chest from built to military specifications, this mobile tool chest can withstand 5-foot drops, complete submersion, and extreme altitude changes – your tools couldn't be safer. pelican large protector cases with wheels from unbreakable, watertight, dust proof, chemical resistant and corrosion proof. these are some of the features of this pelican protector case™ that offers total protection for your equipment. 1500 medium protector cases from pelican's 1500 cases are unbreakable, watertight, dustproof, chemical resistant and corrosion proof. these standard features offer total protection for your equipment. pelican® 1430 marine protector case from ideal for protecting documents, electronics and other valuables during travel in marine and outdoor environments. micro case series™ from perfect for cell phones, pdas and digital cameras, these crushproof, watertight containers protect small gadgets from weather, drops onto hard surfaces, vehicle run-over and more. i1010 and i1015 ipod® cases from designed specifically for ipods® and iphones, these ultra-protective cases help protect your personal electronics from abrasion, moisture, falls and more - even while you listen to them. velcro® tape with rubber-based adhesive from per foot adheres to most rough or smooth surfaces, letting you mount and hang items in situations that don't allow for nails. performs in temperatures ranging from -40 to 150° f. velcro® tape with acrylic-based adhesive from per foot conveniently hang/mount items or fasten objects together. features a superior, heat-resistant bonding for automotive, computer, and medical environments, from -20° f to 225° f. sti firestop specseal® composite sheets from specifically created to firestop large and medium-sized openings, this intumescent composite sheet is easy to cut with sheet metal cutting tools, and provides 2 hours of fire protection. sti specseal® firestop pillow from able to expand in all directions when exposed to extreme heat, these easy to use intumescent pillows block the spread of smoke and flame through wall penetrations and construction gaps. sti caulk gun price this gun facilitates the use of caulking around the home or workspace and simplifies application of sealants, glues, caulks, and other tube cartridges. sti specseal® triple s® intumescent sealant tube price this sealant is ideal for construction gaps and blank openings in walls or floors. tested and approved for use with metallic penetrants up to 30", sss can be safely combined with other specseal products. sti intumescent wrap strip from designed to block the spread of flame and smoke through pipe passages in walls, floors and ceilings. fits snugly around any size pipe, and rapidly expands to 24 times its original size. sti firestop e-z path fire rated cableway from thanks to its built-in firestopping system, this pathway remains code-compliant without additional sealants, no matter how many or how few cables you run through it. millepede cable rings from / 25 per pack budget-friendly, reusable cable rings install in seconds with only one hand, and eliminate the waste of single-use cable ties. available in 4 different diameters. mille-rod non-conductive push pull rod set from economically priced and made up of rod segments with varying degrees of flexibility, this kit allows you to create custom push-pull rods whenever you need to run in-wall cable. plenum (ul1565) mille-tie price / 100 per pack these ul-rated ties are molded from a custom polymer that conforms to health and safety requirements for use in air handling spaces. light duty cable tie tool price one of the most economical way to tension cable ties, this lightweight tool efficiently tightens and trims cable ties for neat, clean-looking installations. lsdi fiberglass push rods from lsdi’s economical line of fiberfuse™ fiberglass rod pushers come in a fluorescent green color that is great at reflecting light shined onto them. lsdi metal tip fiberglass push/pull rods from lsdi’s economical line of metal tip fiberglass push/pull rods come in a fluorescent green or luminous (glow in the dark). lsdi wet noodle™ from labor saving devices' wet noodle™ wire retriever system is no inferior knock-off product... it's the original! lsdi grabbit™ fiberglass telescoping poles from lsdi grabbit™ series of telescoping poles are made from lightweight, non-conductive, shockproof fiberglass. 3m marine sealants price adheres to bare and painted metal, fiberglass, glass, non-oily woods and many plastics and abraded rubbers. easy to apply with manual caulking gun. command™ adhesive metal hooks from available in designer finishes like bronze, copper, chrome, and brushed nickel, these metal hooks enhance your décor without damaging your walls and paint. command™ adhesive hooks from with a silicone adhesive backing that holds on strongly but comes off cleanly, 3m ™ command™ hooks organize everything from cables to keys. cobra cat 5e cable from / per 1000 ft tested to exceed tia/eia 568-b.2 specs, this cable features the trademarked colortip™ circuit identification system for easy, accurate cable marking. 1-outlet rotating surge protector price get standard duplex receptacles to better accommodate bulky adapters, it not only leaves adjacent outlets unobstructed, but protects plugged-in devices from power surge damage. apc power distribution unit (pdu) price premium solutions that provide power distribution equips on-site installers with the ability to monitor the aggregate current draw as equipment is connected to the unit. platinum tools vdv mapmaster™ price ideal for any voice, data or cable tv installer, this tester combines mapping, tone generating and continuity testing functions for coax and twisted pair cables. platinum tools big red multi-stripper price ideal for use with coax, utp/stp and a/v cables, this multi-stripper cuts and strips both solid and stranded-style wires, and features a built-in comb that smoothes braid back against the cable jacket. f connector compression crimp tool price crafted from high quality tool steel and chrome plate ensures this professional quality compression crimp tool will withstand the grueling rigors of day after day use in the field. tele-titan modular plug crimp tool price ideal for terminating solid or stranded cable to an rj-style connector, this modular crimper has parallel action for uniform crimps, and includes an integrated wire cutter/stripper. platinum tools sealsmart compression crimp tool price it offers an uncomplicated, efficient and reliable way to terminate coaxial cables used in today's catv, dss, security and residential structured installations. 110 ez data blade price made of medical grade stainless steel and can be easily replaced with a standard phillips screwdriver. they provide much better wire cutting than traditional chisel style blades. platinum tools 22-in-1 security screwdriver kit price work with nearly any security screw equipped component with this complete kit. platinum tools ez-snapjack™ from designed to be the ultimate installation timesaver, these cat5e and cat6 self-terminating jacks require absolutely no tools, and can be reused as your network is updated. high performance category 5e modular plugs from ideal for drastically cutting back on crosstalk and increasing data security and efficiency. its design automatically aligns and isolates conductors for the cleanest terminations. platinum tools telcom gel-filled splicing connectors and pliers from / 25 pk platinum tools telcom splicing connectors and telcom pliers make a winning combination for simple, quick, and reliable termination of wires and cables. super wrist magnet from equipped with 6 super-strong neodymium magnets, this lightweight steel wristband keeps screws, drill bits and other steel parts handy, and prevents loss. glowfish® glow-in-the-dark fiberglass push pull rods from perfect for fishing cables through dark spaces, these luminescent wire pulling rods are stored in a clear tube and "charge" themselves on ambient light when not in use. skylark® dimmers and light switches from an affordable way to have designer lighting without the extreme costs that come with custom lighting. create the perfect ambience for your room while saving energy in the process. maestro™ digital fade dimmers from maestro™ designer-style dimmers by lutron bring advanced features and unsurpassed style and beauty to modern day lighting systems. maestro™ dual dimmers and light controls from maestro™ dual application controls by lutron eliminate the old style and cluttered look of stacked wall switches by combing 2 separate controls into a single unit. lutron maestro wireless dimmers & switches from used in conjunction with pico control and powr savr occupancy sensors, these dimmers and switches can be controlled from inside or outside your home, from 30 feet away. lutron® maestro™ wireless lamp dimmer price perfect for customizing lamp brightness to create the perfect ambiance in any room, this plug-in dimmer gives you complete wireless control without the installation hassle of standard dimmers. vanco hdmi special adapters from perfect for eliminating the strain and interrupted signal that come from tightly-bent cables, these swivel, right-angle and 180° connectors help hdmi cables function properly. hdmi jack to dvi male plug video in-line adapter price this adapter attaches to the end of a standard hdmi cable, and plugs into the dvi port of tvs, computers and projectors to deliver clean, clear high-def audio and video signals. usb keystone insert adapter from ideal for table boxes, patch panels, and power-data centers, this adapter is designed to organize and customize your computer's usb connections, and fits into almost any keystone wall plate. flat panel tv bulk cable wall plate from with a low profile one-piece design, these wallplates provide a neat and organized exit point for in-wall cables that need to be connected to flat-panel tvs. single and dual bulk gang wall plates from complete with detachable hoods, these bulk cable wallplates act as exit points for in-wall cables, and can have their hoods removed when space is limited. vanco slim line series a/v wall plates from available with an built-in extender to boost hdmi audio and video signals, this low-profile wallplate provides clean-looking connectivity for high-def home theaters. whole house audio 6.2 & 7.2 home theater wall plates from available in both 6.2 and 7.2 speaker formats, these wallplates combine a/v cables with speaker wire connections for easy home theater setups. vanco box buddy low voltage mounting brackets from designed to give your home theater a professionally-finished look. accommodate low-voltage devices in 3, 4 or 8-gang configurations, and keep decorative wall plates perfectly aligned. hinged bulk cable wall plates from with a convenient hinged design, these wallplates can be installed even after cables have been connected, so you’ll never have to disrupt your home theater equipment. vanco high speed hdmi® cable with redmere technology from / 12 ft low-profile hdmi cables with built-in amplification to ensure integrity retention over distances up to 75 ft. vanco hdmi keystone insert with pigtail price vanco’s hdmi keystone insert with pigtail gives any home the professional look of custom installed hdmi outlets without the frustration and cost involved of wiring your own jacks. rgb component video cables - vanco from / 3 ft. cable attractive & premium-quality cables which provide high-definition content with maximal fidelity and minimal loss. vanco 1080p swivel hdmi audio/video cable from connecting a wall mounted lcd or plasma hdtv to today's latest blu-ray™ players, video game consoles, or other digital equipment has never been easier! hdmi flat swivel cables with ethernet - vanco from / 12ft cable perfect for squeezing into tight spaces. these cables give your home theater a professional look while delivering 3d-enabled digital audio, video and ethernet signals to your tv. vanco hdmi audio/video cables from these blue jet™ cables provide you with a digital signal format, developed primarily to implement hdcp and allow you to have complete access to high-definition digital recordings. vanco hdmi extension cables from a great way to increase the length of your cable and the flexibility of your installation without lowering the quality of the signal. vanco blue jet® hdmi™ 1.3 digital audio/ video cable price these cables are an excellent choice if you need to connect hdtvs, digital flat-panel displays and other components with hdmi™ connections to other devices. ok industries manual wire wrappers with led from available as an aluminum wire wrapping gun, lexan® wire wrapping gun, insulated wire wrapping gun and the newly introduced wire wrapping tool with led flashlight attached. ok industries ptx wire wrapping and unwrapping tool from provides a high reliability connection that is easy to remove in the event you need to correct or modify a wiring layout. creates clean, oxide-free metal-to-metal contact. icm f type compression connectors from ensure a high quality signal with a secure, long lasting connection which will eliminate problems due to poor connection quality. made of brass and can withstand 80 pounds of pull out force. icm corp rca type compression connectors from 25 per pack the perfect choice for your audio visual needs. during compression you are assured a permanent 360º compression right from the start. icm bnc type compression connectors from / 25 pk the icm corp bnc compression connectors provide you with high quality, secure, long lasting signal connections which will eliminate problems in the future due to poor connection quality. milo™ smartphone holder price holds any smartphone both vertically and horizontally, and makes it easy to view videos and incoming calls hands-free, and has sleek styling to complement modern home and office décor. sumo™ desktop cable manager price this weighted cable manager traps cable connectors at the edge of tabletops so that disconnected computer and gadget cables stay within easy reach instead of falling to the floor. cableyoyo™ price mounts onto gadgets, walls or dashboards so you can wind up low voltage earbud, cell phone, and usb cables to exactly the length you need. cableyoyo™ pop price clip it onto belts and pockets or stick right onto the backs of cell phones or laptops, this cord winder manages earbud cables, and can be customized with the 10 included pop-art stickers. cableclips™ multi-purpose cord wraps price / 6 small per pack these simple and stylish rubberized cable clips have a pinch-free design that grips cables firmly while helping protect them from damaging bends and kinks. cablebox price designed to conceal messy desk or home theater cables in just seconds, this clean-looking box lets you drop in power strips, plugs and excess cable lengths to keep them hidden from view. cabledrop™ cord clips price these simple and stylish cord clips stick onto smooth surfaces with a self-adhesive backing to grab cables by their connectors, keeping them tangle-free and ready for use. spacestation desk organizer & laptop docking station from minimalist, clean design gives you the most functional desk and cable organizer ever. ergonomic angle reduces stress on your wrists, and allows additional airflow under and around laptop. bluelounge® usb charging cables price these short usb adapter cables let you easily connect devices for charging or data transfer without having to deal with cluttering excess cable length. bluelounge® kii™ portable iphone/ipad charger from the kii™ is probably the coolest portable charger for the ipad/iphone ever made. it’s about the same size of a standard house key and fits comfortably in your pocket just like the rest. tripp lite smartrack™ 2-post open frame racks price available from 25u - 45u rack space featuring a self-squared design that ensures that they’ll set properly, these racks allow you to easily organize and secure network equipment. 4-port desktop kvm switch (ps/2) # tl-b022-004-r price compatible with ps/2, mac, sun and usb systems, this switch is capable of controlling up to 4 computers from a single keyboard, mouse and monitor setup. netdirector™ 8-port 1u rackmount console kvm switch from with an 8-port kvm switch, keyboard, 17" lcd monitor and touchpad, this console contains everything you need to control multiple computers from a single workstation. 8-port 1u rackmount kvm switch price this rack mountable switch is able to control up to 8 computers alone, or can be daisy-chained to control up to 512 computers. home theater, ethernet & audio power surge suppressor from reliable, equipped with 8 or 10 outlets, child safety covers and an 8' or 10' cord with space-saving right angle plugs, these devices have diagnostic led’s to warn the user of any problems. protect it!® tlp series surge protectors from assorted adapters to accommodate all your power outlet needs: angled or awkward large plugs, fax, phone and modem ports. gem get-301-ut universal crimping tool price produced especially for gem electronics and is believed to be the only one of its kind in the world! its main design and function is for use with all datacomm and telecomm jobs dealing with coaxial cable. gem electronics compression crimp tool price it is as versatile as it is functional. not only can you crimp compression seal connectors, but the included adapter also allows you to crimp f, bnc and rca connectors. gem electronics compression crimper / wire stripper tool kit price complete with weatherproof connectors and the tools needed to install them, this kit is ideal for installers who can't always work in perfectly dry conditions. gem electronics transceiver boxes from allows transmission of three to four sets of real time color or monochrome video signal untwisted pair or utp up to 600 meters over industry cat 5 utp networking cable. gem electronics power thru balun from designed to transmit video signals and remote power through single utp (unshielded twisted pair) cable. reduce costs while still retaining picture quality. gem cctv electronic baluns from the cctv baluns allow base-band composite video signals to be transmitted over a single unshielded twisted pair cable (utp) for more versatile cabling. gem electronics universal tnc connector 310-00 price this termination kit is unique because it comes with three different sized ferrules which enables you to deal with the varying thicknesses of insulation that comes with rg6, rg58 and rg59. gem electronics twist on connectors and adapters from 10 per pack this connector is completely reusable and terminates within seconds making it a valuable asset to your wire connection tool and accessory selection. gem electronics compression seal f connectors from the gem electronics compression seal f connector is a reusable f connector designed for catv, matv, and satellite tv installations. your signal will not be lost due to improper connectivity. gem electronics rca compression seal connectors from 10 per pack the most common small audio or video connector used on consumer audio/video equipment. these connectors from gem electronics consist of a pin (male) plug and female jack. gem electronics bnc compression seal connectors from weatherproof seals allow your connections to be safe and protected. installed in just seconds, this single piece assembly is a vital component in the installer's tool set. f connector series - gem electronics from bag of 10 designed to use a coax cable's center conductor and dielectric as its signal carrier and insulator, this connector has excellent retention, and is ideal for the catv market. cool colors outdoor extension cords - coleman cable from 12 gauge 15-amp cords manufactured with brilliant neon colored gloss on a flexible weather resistant vinyl sjtw jacket. these cool colors help prevent loss or theft on just anywhere. video wall mount products dvr security lockboxes from keep dvrs, laptops and switches secure. features vented sides for heat dissipation, and a smoked plexiglass window that lets ir remote signals to pass thought. video mount products flat panel display wall mount price professionals buy this wall mount. this versatile wall mount will do almost anything you ask of it with 3 articulation points, a generous +20° tilt. nylon swivel hook from lets audio, video, and lighting techs carry spare cables right on their tool belts, making on-the-spot cable replacements quick and easy. aluminum carabiner from available in packs of 1, 10, or 50, these carabiners keep coiled cables handy all around the jobsite, whether they’re clipped to shelves, hooks, or your tool belt. cablecatch from with adhesive backing that mounts permanently to smooth surfaces, these pull-tab cable managers easily route cable bundles on walls, desks, and equipment wraps. cinchstrap from completely non-metallic and non-conductive, our heavy-duty cinch straps are safe to use in electrical applications and near magnetized computer components. cable wrap from patented design features one end that stays attached to cables, as well as a hook-and-loop end that pulls free whenever the cables need to be unbundled. cablehanger® from patented hook and loop cable routing straps let you gently hang cable bundles from vertical racks without harming the cables' integrity. flame retardant cable wrap from / 5 per pack these flame-retardant cable wraps from velcro® safely manage cables in the plenums and air-handling spaces of homes, schools, and offices. velcro® brand one wrap® from / 5 per pack reusable hook-and-loop straps are perfect for bundling cables in your home, workshop, garage, toolbox, office, home theater, boat, automobile or rv. r600 series fuse blocks - cooper bussmann from this cooper bussmann fuse blocks are used in consumer electronics, industrial, telecom and datacom, automotive, and many other apllications. lp-cc low-peak yellow fuse - cooper bussmann from the low-peak lp-cc fuse can be used close to full load amp ratings for maximum overload and short-circuit protection. ic® fixed monitor mounts from allows you to position your screen in a perfect viewing site and also makes sure that it stays in that position you desire. ic® tilting monitor mounts from the ability to mount a monitor or television on the wall allows you to save space and adding to this commodity is the tilting ability of the ic® tilting mounts by chief®. universal flat panel pivot/tilt wall mounts from easily adjusted with just the touch of your fingertips, this versatile mount holds your flat screen in the perfect ergonomic viewing position. ic® swinging arm wall mounts from designed to match today's modern look and able to mount up to a 50" screen, these monitor mounts are sure to make your home theater set up or office the envy of everyone. pushgard™ push-in wire connectors from / 10 pk four port configurations and four different vibrant colors available. these connectors utilize gardner bender’s own pushgard™ technology to ensure security and convenience. gardner bender's mechanical lugs from / 2pk available in either aluminum or copper, these lugs make it easy to match your wire material, and install quickly to ground almost any piece of equipment. gardner bender heat shrink butt splice kits from ideal for above ground and direct burial applications, these copper cable butt splices are overlaid with adhesive heat shrink tubing for a permanent waterproof, dustproof seal. tilt ‘n plug jr. - computer audio video from remaining flush with your table top until pressed open, this conference room power/data center provides many different options to suit your connectivity needs. datacomm™ home command center coaxial splitter modules price this digital-ready splitter lets you split both high-definition and standard cable signals from a convenient central location, to send cable service to multiple rooms in your home. datacomm color-rite™ phone block and combo plates from compatible with cat3 cable, cat5 cable or station wire, these color-coded phone jacks let even minimally-trained novice installers terminate wires correctly - with excellent results. low voltage pass-through wall plates from able to be installed in an upward or downward direction to accommodate cable flow, these plates neatly transition a/v cables through your wall so they can connect to home theater components. recessed media box price featuring a self-healing grommet face that holds cables together while eliminating visible "holes," this media box is an affordable and professional-looking way to route in-wall cables to a/v components. surround sound wallplates price designed to help you install surround sound speakers without a mess of visible wires, these home theater wallplates are available in 5.1 configurations. recessed pro-power and flat panel tv cable organizer kits from combining recessed power outlets with a/v cable pass-throughs. feed in-wall cables through to your home theater components, and let you plug in without connectors getting in the way. american polywater® fst™ foam duct sealant from engineered to keep liquids, gases, debris and rodents out of conduit, this closed-cell foam sealant applies easily with a caulk gun and is able to expand and cure in the presence of water. polywater® spy cable lubricant from available in spray or wipe-on formulas, this water-based cable lubricant facilitates all types of cable-pulling jobs, and is non-toxic and environmentally-friendly. mcg-8331 mg chemicals silver conductive epoxy from the perfect no-solder binder for pc board and heat sink components, this conductive epoxy comes in compact syringes that are easy to transport and store. high temp. epoxy encapsulating and potting compound from formulated to fully encapsulate circuit boards and other sensitive components, this epoxy compound provides permanent protection against moisture, chemicals, vibration, impact, and abrasion. mg chemicals safety wash ii cleaner degreaser price a highly flammable, low toxicity wash which is an excellent choice if you need to remove oil, grease, dirt, smoke, solder flux from just about anything. mg chemicals projection tube coolant price non-flammable, environmentally friendly and made for the expressed purpose of replacing heat transfer fluid in projection tubes. this non corrosive formula also won’t damage or cause corrosion. silicone heat transfer compound - mgc-860 from will not harden when it dries. it is made for transferring heat away from all types of electrical and electronic devices. excellent for use with heat sinks, transistors, semi-conductors and more. lead-free solder with silver - mg chemicals from perfect for plumbing, jewelry-making, circuit boards and other projects where you don't want to use lead, this rohs-compliant lead-free solder has a no-clean flux core for easy cleanup. fluke® pro3000 analog tone generator and amplifier probe price able to tone cables up to 10 miles and transmit tones through materials like drywall and wood, this cable tracing kit features adjustable volume. spoolmate™ high capacity mobile wire dispenser cart and storage price ideal for both mobile and stationary wire storage needs, this wire-dispensing cart features a smooth action loading lever that lets you add and remove spools quickly as needed. black box bulk premium in-wall speaker cables from superior performance and sound quality for most speaker and audio equipment connections at an affordable price. these high-quality cables are designed to maximize sound and frequency response. mg chemicals fine braid and no clean super wick from perfect for plumbers, jewelers or electronics manufacturers, this static-free clean copper braid wicks away melted solder during desoldering to leave behind a clean project. cicoil® silicone idc ribbon cable from / ft ideal for automated manufacturing, aerospace, and any other application that requires to constantly move and flex. covered in a unique silicone jacket that resists steam, salt, oil and chemicals. lutron® radio powr savr™ wireless occupancy and vacancy sens price able to sync with up to 10 compatible lutron wireless controls, this occupancy sensor has 360° motion detection, and runs on a 10-year battery � no hardwiring needed afl® fujikura® ct-30 series fiber optic cleavers from fiber optic cutting tool, has 16 rotating positions and 3 height positions delivers up to 48, 000 precise cleaves that meets or exceeds manufacturing and military requirements. milwaukee m12 screwdriver & hacksaw combo kit price lithium-ion batteries make this cordless screwdriver and hacksaw combo kit powerful, lightweight, and portable, so you can easily move it between plumbing, electrical and remodeling jobs. milwaukee m18 sawzall® reciprocating saw tool kit price equipped with a gear-protecting clutch and variable speed trigger, this saw is designed to cut up to 30% faster than competing saws, with far less vibration. telescoping splice drawer for lightlink lansystem fiber splice shelf price the lightlink™ lansystem® fiber splice shelf is the perfect solution for providing an entry point for optical fibers coming from osp locations. able to accommodate up to 832 fibers in just 4u of rack space. snowmen decorative power strip cover price a clever and charming way to disguise the ugly power strip under your christmas tree rittal® xpress ts8 server racks and network enclosures from buy accesories for the rittal® xpress ts8 server racks and network enclosures at a discounted price rittal® industrial wallmount enclosures from enclosures designed and engineered with the customer and professional installer in mind, to withstand the elements while keeping their components dry and protected in industrial environments rg6 f-connectors for greenlee 60807 compression crimping tool price the 60807 compression crimping tool's sturdy steel construction is perfect for terminating most types of compression connectors with its single action use. nozzle replacements for milwaukee® dual temperature heat gun from the milwaukee® professional grade, dual temperature heat gun offers ergonomic style and powerful heating elements. buy the last accessories we have in stock at a discounted price daisy-chain cable for netdirector™ 16-port console kvm switch price the tripp lite netdirector™ 16-port kvm console switch controls multiple computers from one keyboard, mouse and monitor. buy the last units we have in stock at a special price. accesories for k-sun labelshop® 2011xlb-pc label maker price the 2011xlb-pc label marker offers the flexibility of hand held portability or desktop pc connectivity all in one. buy the last accessories we have in stock at a special price. power adapter for brother p-touch pt-2710 labeling system price the pt-2710 is designed for professional users in office, commercial and industrial fields. buy the last units of its power adapter at a discounted price. wirehider® latching duct raceway system accessories from a single piece latching design raceway allows you to change, move, or add to your wiring requirements as needed. buy the last accessories we have at a discounted price. econocinch straps price these straps have many uses; bundling cables, hoses, and strapping equipment to desks or carts. the loop lock acts like a pulley, giving you leverage to pull the strap as tight as needed. if you need help selecting a solution for your cable management needs, feel free to call our friendly and knowledgeable staff at 1-866-222-0030. what can make this page better? we do everything we can think of to provide you with the product specs, images and ordering info you need, but if we're missing something or still have room to improve, please let us know. your comments, suggestions and questions are the best tools we have for serving you better! cable management cable management cable managementeliminate cable clutter absolutely anywhere with our large variety of solutions. cable raceway cable racewayscable raceway is one of the most diverse cable management solutions available. run power and data along the floor, wall, or other surface to increase safety and maintain aesthetics. cable sleeving cable sleevingprotect your wires and cables from abrasion, extreme temperature, chemicals, vibration and more with cable sleeving braided sleeving wire loom & conduit spiral wraps cable trays cable traysthe perfect solution for running large quantities of power or data cables overhead or under-floor. choose from basket, solid, and ladder trays, or the flexible snaketray. wire duct wire ducteasily insert, drop and pull cables out of duct to organize and re-organize: wide, norrow, closed and solid slots. heat shrink heat shrinkheat shrink may be used for insulation, termination, labeling and more. it's a protective, great looking solution that can be customized at a nominal cost. cable & hose carriers cable & hose carriersthese chains and carriers are designed to protect and guide hoses and cables on automated machinery to maintain the optimum bend radius and prevent breaking and tangling. cable support systems cable support systemshangers, rings, clips, saddles, trays and more solutions for supporting your suspended fiber optic, electrical, or a/v cable bundles along walls and ceilings. cable ties cable tiesstandard nylon ties, mountable and releasable ties, metal ties, velcro fasteners, and applicators, including cable tie guns and twist-tie machines. wraps, clips & clamps wraps, clips & clampsfind the right option for securing, bundling, routing and protecting your cables: clips, clamps, wraps, grommets, cable staples, and adhesives. velcro wraps & fasteners velcro wraps & fastenershook-and-loop fasteners securely tie your cable bundles, but can simply and easily be removed, resized and re-used to suit your particular needs. cord reels & winders cord reels & windersmanage your extensions & control your cable feed with our cord reels & winders, whether you need winders for thousands of feet of industrial cable, or a reel for personal cord use. fabric cord covers fabric cord coversbundle or cover cords and hoses with these flexible and stylish solutions that range from our decorative silk cord covers to the rugged leather welding hose covers. desk outlets & grommets desk outlets & grommets desk outlets & grommetsstay connected at your desk & protect wires going through holes removable desk outlets removable desk outletslooking for easy access to your connections without cutting a big hole in your desk? check out here! stretch those connections from the wall to your desktop as conveniently as possible. built-in outlets & inserts built-in outlets & insertsstop stretching and tripping over cables to make connections. install desk outlets right into your workstations for solid connectivity, safety & great looks. pop-up desk outlets pop-up desk outletsone of the most useful devices one could ever have on a desk or kitchen counter. just press on it and out come all the ethernet, a/v, usb, and power outlets you need. desk grommets desk grommetsthis solution could not be simpler, more affordable or more popular. there's a grommet for your desk here. floor grommets floor grommetsgrommets aren't only for desks! get these heavy duty grommets to run wiring through your raised flooring. rubber grommets & more rubber grommets, bushings & bumperswe have a great selection of rubber grommets & bushings for electrical, automotive & other cable pass applications. desk organizers desk organizers desk organizerswhen your desk cables are organized, every day feels like friday. desk cable management desk cable managementmanage, hide & store your desk cables and wires with our trays, boxes, raceways & other organizers. and our office organization kits have everything you need in one place. computer mounts & kits computer mounts & kitsget your tower off the floor and your laptop or tablet off of your desk with our mounts, to maximize space and minimize accidents. also, prevent the theft of computers and peripherals. charging stations & plugs charging stations & plugsnever drain your battery again with our usb hubs, plugs and multi-device stations for charging your tables, smartphones, and other mobile devices. computer workstations computer workstationsfind all your work tables here, from single to multiple users; we offer many options of these production increasing furniture arrangements. mobile/tablet accessories mobile/tablet accessoriesget the most out of your smartphones, laptops, ipads, kindles and more with our convenient, stylish hands-free bluelounge stands and mobile accessories. wraps, clips & clamps wraps, clips & clampsfind the right option for securing, bundling, routing and protecting your cables: clips, clamps, wraps, grommets, cable staples, and adhesives. velcro wraps & fasteners velcro wraps & fastenershook-and-loop fasteners securely tie your cable bundles, but can simply and easily be removed, resized and re-used to suit your particular needs. cable identification tags cable identification tagsthese tags, ties and markers will help you label and identify your cables and wires easily, without the confusion or guesswork. cable cover protection cable cover protection cable cover protectionprotect your cables and personnel from each other with these cord covers for all duties. light capacity cord covers light capacitylight duty cable protectors, ideal for home or office, easy to install and use. medium capacity covers medium capacitymid-level cable protection, drop over and feed thru options for vehicular/pedestrian traffic. high capacity cable protectors high capacityheavy duty cable and hose covers with multiple channels for serious protection. power extension covers power extension coversrun power across a room without creating a trip hazard. power and data options are available, as well as blank boxes for data, telecom, coax, or fiber optic cables. fabric cord covers fabric cord coversflexible and stylish selections that offer a neat solution for bundling or covering cords and hoses, from decorative silk cord covers to the rugged leather welding hose covers. ada/handicap ramps ada/handicap rampslow profile cable connectors, cord covers, ramps and rail systems that provide safe, ada compliant access across cables and hoses for wheelchairs and pedestrians. cable labels & printers cable labels & printers cable labels & printersimagine life without labeling on anything. wasn't that weird? identify your cables and other items with these quality labelers and labels. cable identification tags cable identification tagsthese tags, ties and markers will help you label and identify your cables and wires easily, without the confusion or guesswork. pipe marking pipe markingeverything you need for labeling your pipes, including vinyl markers, reflective tape, fasteners, strap-on markers and ties. wire markers wire markerscustomizable booklets, dispensers and tags for wire identification - available in many styles including heat shrinkable labels, tape, wire wrap and more. heat shrink labels heat shrink labelssleeve-style labels that conform and adhere to cables and wires, so there's no danger of slipping or peeling from their intended surface. label printers label printersa wide variety of printers featuring economical solutions for home or office, and industrial models for high volume and harsh environments. label tapes & cartridges label tapes & cartridgesreplacement cartridges for label printers and tape dispensers for a variety of applications including heat shrink labels, marker plates and more. wires & cables wires & cables wires & cableskeep your electrical, network, or home theater equipment wired (without the use of coffee). network cables network cablesnetwork cables and patch cords including cat3, cat5, cat5e and cat6 cables, as well as our fiber optics and modular plugs and boots to help protect and secure your connection. electrical wires & cables electrical wires & cablescontrol, power, bus cables; shielded and non-shielded cables for commercial and industrial applications, as well as tools for handling batteries on vehicles and machinery. audio/video cables audio/video cablesa/v cables for home theaters, recording studios, and performance venues: s-video, vga, component, hdmi, dvi, instrument & microphone cords, speaker wires, and more. coaxial cables coaxial cablescoax cables for virtually any application. indoor, outdoor, plenum-rated, dual & quad shielded, even flat cables; great for schools, hospitals, security systems, and home theaters. power extension cords power extension cordsstandard extension cords to power your home devices, industrial cables for your commercial machinery, and everything in between; from a few inches long to hundreds of feet. usb, firewire & hubs usb, firewire & hubscharging cables, adapter cables, extenders, hubs for transforming one port into several, and connector kits that offer different firewire configurations. fiber optic cables fiber optic cablesa wide selection of optical cables, both single and multi-mode, with many customizable configurations available based on color, length and more. fire alarm security cable fire alarm security cablebe certain that your critical connections won't fail in the event of an emergency with the right cables for your burglar alarms, fire and smoke detectors, and security devices. music & instruments music & instrumentscord solutions for your recording studio, nightclub, or concert venue, including cables for guitars, bass, keyboards, speakers, patch bays, rackmount equipment and more. safety equipment safety equipment safety equipmenta comprehensive selection of personal & industrial safety equipment, protective clothing, non slip anti-fatigue mats, crowd control, traffic safety, lighting & more. crowd control crowd controlsafety products for crowd control including retractable belt stanchions and barricades. temporary and permanent solutions for moderate to heavy crowds, both indoors and outside. industrial floor mats industrial floor matsincrease traction and ease leg fatigue with our industrial quality floormats for high traffic and extended use areas. rubber and pvc vinyl mats for wet, oily, or dry environments. industrial safety industrial safetylockout and tagout safety tools and kits for live circuit applications. de-energize unused circuits and ports to reduce the risk of electrical injury and block unwanted access. speed bumps & humps speed bumps & humpseasy to install permanent or modular speed inhibitors for controlling speed in driveways, parking lots, jobsites, residential areas, emergency situations, and more. cribbing & chock blocks cribbing & chock blockskeep your workspace safe and be prepared for emergency situations, accidents and crowd control with our products including floor mats, cribbing, cones, stanchions, and barricades. traffic safety traffic safetyhelp control speed, direct traffic away from sensitive areas and protect equipment with traffic cones, delineators, bollard posts, column protectors and more. insulated tools insulated toolstools that protect against electrical shock via two layers: a base coat bonded to the tool, and a flame resistant outer layer. pliers, strippers, cutters, screwdrivers, and more. ppe arc flash equipment ppe arc flash equipmentin the event of an arc flash, make sure you're as protected with protective eyewear, shield kits, hats, hoods, gloves, jackets, coveralls, bibs, arc suppression blankets, & more. lighting lightinghandheld flashlights, outdoor floodlights, rackmount lights for network component illumation, heavy duty work lamps, energy efficient bulbs, and wall packs. emergency signs & lights emergency signs & lightsmake sure escape routes and exits in your office or retail space are clearly marked and fall within osha standards with our wide range of emergency lighting units and exit signs. ada/handicap ramps ada/handicap rampslow profile cable connectors, cord covers, ramps and rail systems that provide safe, ada compliant access across cables and hoses for wheelchairs and pedestrians. storm preparedness kit storm preparedness kitmaximize the potential of your generator before, during, and after the storm.. fiber optic fiber optic fiber opticso you're setting up a fiber optics network... good for you! you're in the right place. this is the spot to be for your fiber optic network equipment and accessories. fiber optic cables fiber optic cablesa wide selection of optical cables, both single and multi-mode, with many customizable configurations available based on color, length and more. fiber optic testers fiber optic testerstest for power loss and continuity issues in simplex, duplex, bundled and multimode fiber optic cables before and after installation. ideal for maintaining fiber networks. fiber optic termination fiber optic terminationstrip the fiber optic cable, cleave and splice it, and then successfully terminate it. fiber optic enclosures fiber optic enclosuresrack/wall mount enclosures designed for fiber optic applications, nema-rated outdoor cabinets for harsh environments, and splice trays to protect and hide bare fiber splices. fiber optic patch panels fiber optic patch panelsmaximize efficiency in data centers or server rooms with convenient patch panels and adapters. unloaded or pre-loaded, with a number of different customizable options available. cleaners & consumables cleaners & consumablesproducts to clean fiber optics to keep them working properly, clean dust and lint from electronics equipment, remove excess solder after soldering jobs, and more. security & surveillance security & surveillance security & surveillanceas much as we all want to stand guard at the office 24/7, sleep is a necessity. make up for it with these quality surveillance and security products. digital video recorders digital video recordersno security system is complete without a good dvr to record all of the action. security cameras security camerasnothing says security like a guard that never sleeps. we have surveillance cameras from economical to ultra-high definition at great prices. home & office alarms home & office alarmsif you can't keep 'em away, at least you'll know when they're around! not all alarm systems come with astronomical prices and monthly fees. check out our selection of practical alarms for the home and office. dvr lockboxes dvr lockboxesprotect the equipment that protects you with these sturdy dvr lockboxes. security system testers security system testersensure proper installation and configuration for your security system with our state-of-the-art cctv testers. network video recorders network video recordersnvrs are essential for recording from quality video from ip cameras. check out our line of high quality, reliable nvrs for consumer and professional applications. security camera monitors security camera monitorslcd monitors from everfocus that can display your footage with great detail, whether you need a compact screen for personally viewing footage, or a larger public monitor. racks & enclosures racks & enclosures racks & enclosureseverything you need to mount, protect, and power your data center equipment is here. open frame racks open frame racksopen racks keep network equipment largely exposed. however, they also allow for relatively easy accessibility when compared to a locked up, fully enclosed cabinet. enclosures enclosuresfloor enclosures offer a feature-rich enclosed environment for housing telecommunication, lan and other electronic equipment. options are available for specific applications. security & lock boxes security & lock boxestake precautions and secure your rackmount equipment, routers, cpus, laptops, audio-video equipment and more with lockable wall-mounted cabinets and floor units. wall mount & ceiling wall mount & ceilingwall mount racks, enclosures and cabinets can free up floor space while providing security and accessibility for network components, audio/visual equipment, and other hardware. rack mount power strips rack mount power stripsthe denser the wiring, the more critical cable management becomes. rack mount pdus consolidate your power right at the rack before going to the ups. rack cable management rack cable managementbanish disorder from your server rack or enclosure with rack mount cable managers: brush grommets, routing blanks, lacing bars and the neat patch. hardware & accessories hardware & accessorieskeep components cool with rackmount fans and vented panels, store excess components with shelves, keyboard trays and security drawers, and increase visibility with rack lighting. rack shelves & drawers rack shelves & drawersdurable rack shelves help organize your peripherals and computer to help you maximize your space. secure your non-rackmount items with lockboxes, drawers, and ceiling boxes. rack panels rack panelsthese panels give racks a clean, "finished" look, increase the structural strength of your rails, block access to network equipment through open rack space, and help guide airflow. rack fans & cooling rack fans & coolingdata center & server room cooling options include ventilation fans, rear doors, portable a/c units, skirts and barriers to direct air flow, and temperature monitoring devices. fiber optic enclosures fiber optic enclosurespatch fiber optic cables to enclosures with these convenient patch panels and adapters. unloaded or pre-loaded, several customizable options are available to fit your application. kvm switches kvm switchescontrol multiple pcs or server systems from a single keyboard, video monitor, or mouse console. save costs and space by reducing the amount of hardware and wires required. network products network products network productsif you needed kitchen sinks for networking, we would carry those, too. patch panels patch panelspatch panels are one of the most cost effective, simplest, and popular ways to share connections in your server room or other it application. we have only the highest quality panels from leviton, panduit, signamax, and more. media converters media converterscommunications technology is constantly changing, but you need not skip a beat. media converters ensure that the transition is seamless. network testers network testersno technician wants to imagine a world without network testers. thanks to cableorganizer, you don't have to. test all of the aspects of your installation from start to finish, diagnose, and repair with network testers from the top brands. network switches network switchesyour connectivity possibilities are endless with network switches. choose between kvm switches and ethernet switches, many of which can be daisy-chained for an exponential increase in connectivity. wiring systems wiring systemspunch blocks are generally used for voice applications, but can be adapted to ethernet with skill. our 110 & 66 blocks are fit for use anywhere they are needed. wireless routers wireless routersdistribute your ethernet connection around the home or office with these efficient modems and routers. network connectors network connectorsthere is nothing sadder than a missed connection. these high quality connectors ensure clear, reliable connections for ethernet, a/v, voice, and fiber optic connections. punch down tools punch down toolspunch down tools for terminating cable jacks, from standard hand-powered tools to high end battery-powered options. or choose an all-in-one tool that strips and cuts as well. network/ethernet cables network/ethernet cablesour quality cat 3, cat 5, cat 6, and fiber optic cables will keep your cables smooth as glass. many are made in the usa for gsa use. network video recorders network video recordersa network video recorder (nvr) is to the ip camera what a dvr is to the analog camera. it stores your surveillance footage and allows you to view and analyze it. termination kits termination kitsanyone who knows the value of having the right tool for the job is in the right place. check out our network tools and kits for all levels of inspection, maintenance, and repair. fiber optic fiber opticso you're setting up a fiber optics network... good for you! you're in the right place. this is the spot to be for your fiber optic network equipment and accessories. electrical supplies electrical supplies electrical supplieshere you'll find everything to need to install and control your electrical devices. outlets, switches & boxes outlets, switches & boxeslooking to install some electrical outlets? you've come to the right place. here we have electrical boxes, brackets to mount them, and the receptacles or switches to fit inside them. wall plates wall plateseveryone knows the electrical wall plate, but that barely scratches the surface of your options. there are hdmi and usb plates, and keystone and gang wall plates you can customize. gfci receptacles/cords gfci receptacles/cordsground fault circuit interrupter (gfci) products protect against risk of electrical shock or fire caused by ground fault currents. many states require them in newer electrical systems. electrical fuses electrical fusesfuses are fairly simple devices, but their importance should not be overlooked. they are vital components that protect equipment from faults. find the right fuse for the job here. timers & thermostats digital timers & thermostatsour energy saving thermostats can save up to $150 a year, and our timers include indoor and outdoor offerings to program your lighting, appliances, fountains, fans, and more. termination & connectors termination & connectorsneed to terminate wires or splice them together? our wire connector selection has you (and your cables) covered! and of course, our termination products conform to ul and csa standards. tapes & adhesives tapes & adhesiveswe all know what tape is, but you may not know just how many different varieties there are. this section includes the types you've heard of, and some you may never have seen before. conduit conduitprotect cables, tubing and hoses from harmful elements with our flexible, durable conduit options. pvc, metal, and fabric varieties are available, as well as fittings and accessories. ac/dc power supplies ac/dc power suppliesour power supplies and ac/dc converters are ideal for general electronic servicing, school electronics, laboratories, and hobbyists. power strips & extensions power strips & extensionsfor power and data to reach you, it needs to travel through a cable at some point. from home extension cords and power strips to desk outlets and ups systems, we'll get you powered up. surge protectors & ups surge protectors & upsthese devices are crucial to limit the power that is supplied to electrical devices in the event of an unexpected power surge, such as a lightning strike. raised floor systems raised floor systemsmodular systems, enclosures, and boxes for your floor-based power, data, a/v and telecomm cable and equipment installations. everything from high capacity systems to simple receptacles. fire protection fire protection fire protectionone of the best assets to any electrical or networking installation is the safety of the investment. quality fire protection pays for itself. fire & smoke detectors fire & smoke detectorssmoke and carbon monoxide detectors ensure that you're properly warned in the event of a fire or gas leak, when seconds can mean the difference between life and death. ppe arc flash equipment ppe arc flash equipmentin the event of an arc flash, make sure you're as protected with protective eyewear, shield kits, hats, hoods, gloves, jackets, coveralls, bibs, arc suppression blankets, & more. fire caulks & sealants fire caulks & sealantsproperly fill construction gaps and blank openings in walls and floors with our fire caulk and sealing products: silicone and latex caulks, putty, expanding foam and more. fire caulk guns fire caulk gunssimplify the application of glues, sealants, caulks and other tube cartridges around your home or workspace with our range of fire caulk guns. fire stop devices fire stop devicesprevent the spread of flames between rooms or levels of buildings with protection at the entry and exit points of any cables or devices that run through them. fire bricks, pillows & more fire bricks, pillows & morekeep fires contained for as long as possible with expanding fire pillows and bricks, and composite sheets can be placed in sensitive areas to stop fire spreading. fire mortar mix fire mortar mixthese lightweight mortars bond to concrete, metal, plastic, wood, cable jacketing, and more to seal gaps and prevent flames from spreading in the event of a fire. emergency signs & lights emergency signs & lightsmake sure escape routes and exits in your office or retail space are clearly marked and fall within osha standards with our wide range of emergency lighting units and exit signs. fire alarm cables fire alarm cablesbe certain that your critical connections won't fail in the event of an emergency with the right cables for your burglar alarms, fire and smoke detectors, and security devices. tools tools toolsbeing good with your hands is one thing, but your hands are no substitute for the right tools! from networking to electrical, get the right tool for the job here. hand tools hand toolscableorganizer offers just about every hand tool in existence. see for yourself. strippers, crimpers & cutters strippers, crimpesr & cutterscomplete your wire installation & maintenance with these tools to prepare and terminate many types of cables power tools power toolsput the power in your hands with our great selection drills, heat guns, benders, crimpers, and just about every other tool with a cord, battery, and motor. tapes & adhesives tapes & adhesiveswe all know what tape is, but you may not know just how many different varieties there are. this section includes the types you've heard of, and some you may never have seen before. wire installation wire installationour world runs on electricity, so wire installation is a critical operation. we got your fish tapes, conduit benders, cable lubes, and more to make the operation as smooth as possible. tool storage tool storagelost tools are one of the top expenses for skilled workers across the board. choose a fitting tool bag, box, cart, or chest from our wide selection to keep your tools in your reach and your money in your pocket. heating tools heating toolsheat guns, torches and more hot air tools to solder connections and apply heat shrink tubing test instruments test instrumentsno technician wants to imagine a world without a tester. thanks to cableorganizer, you don't have to. test all of the aspects of your installation from start to finish, diagnose, and repair with network testers from the top brands. sensors & scanners sensors & scannersmake sure you properly locate pipes and/or cables underground or in walls before digging, or check the area with numerous types of meters. protective cases protective casesthe adventurer will need much more than the average human to keep his or her valuables protected. from heavy duty, watertight phone cases to rack cases, we ensure it will get there in one piece. cleaners & degreasers cleaners & degreaserskeep valuable equipment clean and protected from dirt, moisture and more with these sprays, compounds, wipes, and more. flashlights flashlightskeep safe and work in low lit areas with led & xenon lamps and lights shop by brand shop by brand shop by brandshop top brands to find the best solutions for your cable management, electrical, network, data and telecomm needs, as well as the tools and accessories to help you get the job done wirerun wirerunwirerun provides economical and reliable solutions to connectivity needs. from cable trays to desk outlets, wirerun protects and routes connections in the conference room, server room and more. panduit panduitpanduit has been a global leader in communications & wiring since 1955. their products include cable ties, network communications jacks, faceplates, surface raceways, & wire duct wiremold legrand wiremold legrandthe cable management arm of legrand, wiremold offers cord protectors, faceplates, jack modules, connectors, firestops, and work surface pdcs middle atlantic middle atlanticsince 1979, middle atlantic has been a trusted maker of racks & rack accessories for server & home theater applications, as well as rackmount lighting, furniture & power distribution altinex altinexin addition to making desk outlets like the interconnect and the tilt 'n' plug, altinex also offers intera faceplates, as well as converters, connectors and amplifiers kendall howard kendall howardwe carry the complete kendall howard line including cabinets and racks for walls and floors, as well as work benches, shelves and drawers, cable management solutions and accessories fsr inc fsr incfor over 30 years, fsr has been manufacturing audio, video, and power boxes for tabletop, floor, ceiling, and wall, as well as the digital ribbon hdmi cable hellermanntyton hellermanntytona leading manufacturer of solutions to manage and identify wire, cable and components, hellermanntyton offers ties, clamps, raceway, sleeving, heat shrink, label printers, tapes & more neat-patch neat-patchthe ultimate in network cable management, neat patch's horizontal wire manager system is unlike any other. they also offer smart packs of patch cords to ensure an organized network dymo dymofounded as an embossing company in 1958 and acquired by newell rubbermaid in 2005, dymo offers a complete range of label printer solutions for the office, warehouse, worksite, and home great lakes great lakesgreat lakes case & cabinet is a leading manufacturer of racks, enclosures, technical furniture and accessories for data, communication, broadcast, sound and security applications black box black boxcomprehensive networking solutions including racks & cabinets, patch panels, switches, extenders, cables, patch cords, connectors, testers, tools, & more filter by:cable managementcable organizationcable sleevingcable ties & toolscable wraps, clips & clampsheat shrink & heat toolswire loom & conduitdesk & officedesk organizersdesk outlets & grommetscable labels & printerscable wraps, clips & clampscable protectioncable cover protectionfire protectioncableswires & jacksa/v cablesnetworksfiber opticnetwork productsracks & enclosuressecurity & surveillancetools & other supplieselectrical supplieswall plates, outlets, faceplates & boxeswire strippers, crimpers & cutterswire installationtools / testerscases cableorganizer.com will not sell or rent your email address. privacy policy. subscribe free! company press room about us privacy policy shipping policy now hiring! better business bureau customer service contact us return policy international shipping request a quote testimonials volume discounts pick up your order my account info log-in to account purchase orders & accounts track your order online most popular links how do i order catalogs? sign up for our newsletter loyalty program rewards < 6250 nw 27th way, fort lauderdale, fl 33309 toll free: 1-866-222-0030 local: 954-861-2000  fax: 954-861-2001  email: sales@cableorganizer.com cableorganizer® is a registered trademark of the cableorganizer.com, llc. company. all rights reserved. copyright © 2002 - 2016 cableorganizer.com, llc. all rights reserved items added to your cart close x loading minicart shipping - zip code estimate shipping continueshopping proceed tocheckout