来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231024836/https://www.cableorganizer.com/answers/shipping.html
================================================================================

cableorganizer.com faqs - shipping policy and shipping costs more contact account order status login contact account order status login | cart: $0.00 checkout contact account order status login categories cable management desk outlets & grommets desk organizers cable cover protection cable labels & printers racks & enclosures safety equipment wires & cables fiber optic security & surveillance network products electrical supplies fire protection tools shop by brand shop by industry shop by brand techflex wirerun panduit wiremold legrand middle atlantic altinex kendall howard fsr inc hellermanntyton neat-patch dymo great lakes black box byrne all our brands more government learning center contact us 866-222-0030 9am-5pm est categories cable management desk outlets & grommets desk organizers cable cover protection cable labels & printers racks & enclosures safety equipment wires & cables fiber optic security & surveillance network products electrical supplies fire protection tools shop by brand shop by industry shop by brand techflex wirerun panduit wiremold legrand middle atlantic altinex kendall howard fsr inc hellermanntyton neat-patch dymo great lakes black box byrne all our brands government learning center more government learning center credit application it looks like javascript has been either disabled or blocked in your current browser. disabled javascript greatly reduces the functionality of our site, so in order for you to enjoy the best browsing experience possible, we recommend that you re-enable javascript, or disable any possible javascript-blocking add-ons that you may have previously installed. you can learn how to enable javascript in your browser by going to http://activatejavascript.org. in the meantime, if you have any questions or would just prefer to place your order by phone, please call us toll-free at 866-222-0030 - we'll be happy to help. homecustomer serviceshipping policy cableorganizer.com knowledge database - f.a.q.shipping at cableorganizer.com, fast and accurate order turnaround is one of our top priorities... after all, no one likes to wait! when you place an order with us, you can be confident that we're doing everything we can to get your products on their way as quickly as possible, via some of the safest, most reliable carriers in the industry. shipping methods for standard orders, we ship via ups and the united states postal service (usps). in most cases, at checkout you'll be given the option to select which carrier, cost and speed of delivery works best for you. for large items that require lift gate service or other special handling, delivery will be made by a specialized freight carrier. please be aware when selecting our "economy" shipping option, this service utilizes expedited mail innovations or surepost and can take up to 10 business days for delivery. if you need an item to be delivered within a specific time frame, please consider this factor in your decision when selecting a shipment method. shipping costs shipping costs are automatically calculated in your online shopping cart, and are based on the size and weight of your items, their destination, and which shipping method you choose. our shipping rates are quoted to you directly from real time ups and usps shipping calculators, and include a small handling fee. cableorganizer.com does not make a profit from shipping costs, and we do everything we can to keep them as low as possible. if you ever feel that a quoted shipping rate seems extravagantly high for the products you're ordering, please feel free to contact us toll-free at 866-222-0030, and we'll be happy to double check it for accuracy. please note, if you wish to ship an item using your own personal account with a particular shipping service, you will be responsible for the payment of those charges. how fast will my order ship? items that are in stock and sent directly from our warehouse will typically ship in 24 to 48 hours. in most cases, if you place an order before 2:00pm et and the requested item(s) are in stock, it will leave our warehouse the same day. if an item you order needs to be drop-shipped from one of our vendors, we'll make sure that they ship it out within 2 business days. if you're on a tight deadline and need same day shipping, please don't hesitate to ask - we'll do our absolute best to accommodate you. please be aware that expedited orders placed on saturday, sunday, or on shipping holidays will ship out the following business day. this means that next day shipping or 2-day shipping orders placed over the weekend will ship out the following monday. unfortunately, we are unable to accommodate shipping on non-business days. while we will make every effort to ensure your expedited shipment is delivered as soon as possible, please be aware that certain circumstances are beyond our control. such incidents include inclement weather, customs delays, and other unforeseen situations that could cause an expedited shipment to reach its destination later than expected. in such rare cases, cableorganizer.com is not responsible and cannot refund shipping charges, as this is a carrier issue, and carriers do not issue shipping refunds due to acts of god, customs delays, etc. for more information, please visit https://www.ups.com/content/pr/en/resources/ship/terms/service.html to view ups's shipping terms and conditions. shipment confirmation and tracking when your order ships, we'll send you a confirmation e-mail, complete with estimated delivery date and tracking information (if you selected a trackable shipping method). orders shipped ups always include signature tracking, and first class, priority and express mail have delivery confirmation. if your order is being shipped internationally, please keep in mind that tracking beyond the united states is only available through ups. will i need to sign for my delivery? if your order ships via ups, someone will need sign for it upon delivery, as we always use signature tracking to ensure that your shipment arrives safely. orders sent via usps include delivery confirmation, but they generally don't require a signature. international shipping need to have an order shipped internationally? no problem! we're able to ship product around the world via both ups and usps. please keep in mind that when you place an international order, you are responsible for all applicable duty and taxes, and that international order tracking is available only through ups. view our complete international shipping policy hazardous materials shipping please note that some of the products available at cableorganizer.com are designated “orm-d,” meaning that the faa classifies them as potentially hazardous materials because they're liquids, have a particular chemical content, or are packaged in pressurized containers. due to federal regulations, orm-d items can only be shipped ground, and can't be sent beyond the 48 contiguous united states. package guarantees in the unlikely situation that your shipment doesn't arrive at its destination, we're happy to issue replacement items. however, packages issued without tracking numbers are more difficult to trace after leaving our facility, so for your convenience and protection, we highly recommend choosing a trackable shipping method (ups ground being the surest bet). special shipping needs if you'd like order tracking, signature confirmation, insurance or other special shipping considerations that may not be automatically included with your chosen shipping method, please leave us a note in the “comment” field during checkout, or call us directly to make a request. we'll do everything we can to accommodate you! *in the event that your chosen shipping method isn't available at the time of shipment, we'll send your order via the closest comparable option, at no additional cost to you. freight shipping: your shipment is being transported via freight truck, and we want you to be aware of and outline your rights, responsibilities and important things to know as the end recipient. much can happen on the way from the manufacturer to your doorstep, so please understand the importance of inspecting your item immediately upon receipt and reporting any damage. do not sign off on a damaged item without making a note of it. failure to do so could result in an inability to collect on a damage claim. as much as we would like to assist you in these matters, freight companies will not work with us if a claim is not reported within 5 days of receipt of your shipment. before signing for your item: do not be intimidated by the driver, as they cannot leave until the bill of lading or freight bill is signed by you (regardless of whether they claim to be in a hurry). on arrival, inspect the shipment immediately for obvious signs of damage. should you determine that any items are damaged or missing, you must note the item, the discrepancy, and write the damages/condition on the bill of lading or freight bill before you sign it! if you do not inspect before signing you are waiving the right to collect on a damage claim even if the damage is discovered later (known as concealed damage). open all cartons and packaging. if damage is not noted on the bill of lading or freight bill, the liability to prove that the delivering carrier did the damage becomes your responsibility. whenever signing for freight, always write "subject to inspection". after you've determined that the condition and quantity of your freight is acceptable, you can then sign the delivery receipt. the driver will provide you with a copy, taking the signed copy with them (as a delivery receipt). if one is not offered, request one, as is your right. the bill of lading or freight bill is the only documentation of the condition of a shipment when it arrives at your location. without this document, we cannot hold others accountable for items damaged or missing. your signature on the delivering carrier's freight bill of lading (bol) constitutes acceptance of the merchandise as is and in good order. if the box, crate, or merchandise is visibly damaged: note on the freight bill any obvious damage at the time of delivery (i.e. box corners crushed, tears, rips, slices, marks etc.); and be as specific and thorough as possible. refuse the delivery and contact us immediately to request a return authorization number so the merchandise can be shipped back to its origin at no charge. we will ask you to email or fax us a copy of the bill of lading that notes the freight damage. take digital photography of the damage. if possible, photographs of the equipment still on the truck will limit your liability. keep a copy of the bill of lading or freight bill noting the damage. if there is "concealed damage" (ie. damage that is not immediately apparent upon initial inspection or is discovered at a later date after shipment has been signed for): if damage is not discovered upon initial inspection, it must still be reported within 5 days of receipt of the shipment. failure to do so will result in an inability to file a claim with the freight carrier. if you are ordering an item in advance of need, do not wait until installation to inspect the shipment for damage. in these cases, if damage is discovered, it is the consignee???s sole responsibility to contact the freight carrier directly and pursue a claim. document and photograph all damage, keep all packaging, and do not move the item. hold all damaged goods in their original location for inspection by the carrier. cableorganizer.com is not responsible for damaged or missing items that occur during freight transport. we will assist you to the best of our capabilities in dealing with the freight company, but any claims of damage must be filed directly with the freight company and it is ultimately the responsibility of the carrier to deliver the goods in satisfactory, undamaged condition. if your shipment is coming via freight, you may be charged one or more accessorial charges. here is an explanation of what they might be: lift-gate. lift gates are required for shipments exceeding 100 pounds or 72 inches in height, or pick-up and drop-off locations without accessible docks. in this case, your shipment may require a truck with a lift gate. limited delivery access. if your pick up or drop off location has limited access for carriers and is not a part of the original quote, an adjustment may be applied. limited access may include commercial businesses open to the walk-in public or in the case that an employee is not available to assist with loading or unloading. residential fees. this fee is typically applied when a shipment is picked up or delivered to a residence or business that is not publically marked and it not factored into the original shipment quote. to prevent this, make sure the business name is accurately listed on the bill of lading. re-class. if a freight contract carrier has quoted a shipment based on a freight/nmfc class, and the actual class is different for the items being shipped, a reclass adjustment will most likely be applied. have additional questions about shipping? just call us toll-free at 866-222-0030, or send an e-mail to sales@cableorganizer.com, and we'll be happy to get you the answers you need! cable management cable raceway cable sleeving heat shrink cable trays wire duct hook-and-loop wraps & fasteners fabric cord cover cable support systems wraps, clips & clamps cable ties cord reels & winders cable & hose carriers desk outlets & grommets built-in desk outlets pop-up desk outlets desk grommets removable desk outlets rubber grommets & more floor grommets desk organizers desk cable management wraps, clips & clamps hook-and-loop wraps & fasteners charging stations & plugs computer mounts & kits computer workstation cable identification tags mobile & tablet accessories cable cover protection light capacity cord covers medium capacity cord covers high capacity cable protectors fabric cord cover ada/handicap ramps power extension covers cable labels & printers label printers wire markers cable identification tags heat shrink labels label tapes & cartridges pipe marking racks & enclosures rack cable management wall mount & ceiling enclosures open racks rack fans & cooling rack shelves & drawers security & lock boxes rack mount power strips fiber optic enclosures rack panels hardware & accessories kvm switches safety equipment crowd control cribbing & chock blocks speed bumps & humps industrial safety traffic safety industrial floor mats insulated tools ppe arc flash equipment lighting emergency signs & lights ada/handicap ramps wires & cables network cables electrical wires & cables audio/video cables coaxial cables power extension cords usb cables, firewire & hubs fiber optic cables fire alarm & security cables music & instrument cables fiber optic fiber optic enclosures fiber optic termination kits fiber optic cables fiber optic testers fiber optic patch panels cleaners & consumables fiber optic cable routing systems security & surveillance digital video recorders security cameras home & office alarms dvr lockboxes security system testers network video recorders security camera monitors ir & white light illuminators hd-tvi, cvi, and ahd ip converters network products patch panels network/ethernet cables network connectors termination kits network testers punch down tools wiring systems fiber optic network switches media converters wireless routers network video recorders electrical supplies wall plates conduit power strips & extensions outlets, switches & boxes terminations & connectors raised floor system surge protectors & ups tapes & adhesives gfci receptacles & cords digital timers & thermostats ac/dc power supplies electrical fuses fire protection fire & smoke detectors ppe arc flash equipment fire caulks & sealants fire caulk guns fire stop devices fire bricks, pillows & more fire mortar mix emergency signs & lights fire alarm cables tools hand tools strippers, crimpers & cutters power tools tapes & adhesives wire installation tool storage heating tools test instruments sensors & scanners protective cases cleaners & degreasers flashlights shop by industrynew contractors and installers electricians government entities educational entities industrial it/telecom datacom automotive residential office audio/video military entities company about us privacy policy shipping policy customer service contact us return policy international shipping our physical address statement to our customers account log-in to account purchase orders & accounts track your order online toll free: 866-222-0030 cableorganizer® is a registered trademark of igwanna inc. stuart florida. all rights reserved. copyright © 2002 - 2020 igwanna inc. all rights reserved items added to your cart close x loading minicart shipping - zip code estimate shipping continue shopping proceed to checkout