来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090115203007/http://www.diamondnexuslabs.com/customerfeedback.php
================================================================================

diamond nexus labs shopping cart (0) $0 home | shipping information customer service - 1.800.509.4990 your account your email address your password forgot password? sign up and recieve free email offers! our jewelry hoiday specialsthe diamond nexus dreambookladies ring collectionsearringspendantsbraceletsnecklacesmatched setselegant color diamond nexuscreated ruby emerald sapphirelorian platinum collectionchainsmen’s jewelrywatchesloose gemstonesgift cards shop by price under $150 from $150 to $200 from $200 to $300 from $300 to $400 from $400 to $800 $800 and above the nexus design studio custom jewelry design the process get started image gallery related links triple guarantees the presentation need a ring resized? customer feedback frequently asked questions privacy statement shipping information why choose diamond nexus? about our gemstones lab created gems overview the science how big will it look? stone size chart about our jewelry our standards of quality about our precious metals finding your ring size caring for your jewelry triple guarantee about our company our history, mission, & values us and the environment contact us your privacy & security official blog & latest news free catalogs & cool stuff holiday sale the diamond nexus dreambook ladies ring collectionsessencia collection charisma collection millennium collection solitaire rings wedding bands three-stone rings right hand rings eternity bands list all ladies rings earrings accent earrings drop earrings classic stud earrings lever back earrings list all earrings hoop earrings pendants cross pendants pendants, circle of life pendants, classic pendants, heart pendants, journey pendants, list all bracelets bangle bracelets bracelets, tennis bracelets, list all necklaces matched sets elegant color diamond nexus brilliant canary jewelry deep chocolate jewelry romantic rose jewelry sophisticated champagne jewelry list all elegant color jewelry created ruby emerald sapphirecreated rubiesruby rings ruby pendants ruby earrings list all ruby products created emeralds emerald rings emerald pendants emerald earrings list all emerald products created sapphires sapphires rings sapphires pendants sapphires earrings list all sapphires products all created stone products lorian platinum collection generation one generation two chains men’s jewelryrings, mens bracelets, mens watches, mens watches divinity xquissit roadmaster gift cards signature certified series classic series gifts by price under $150 from $150 to $200 from $200 to $300 from $300 to $400 from $400 to $800 $800 and above gifts for her faq blog contact us our customer care triple guarantee shipping information returns, exchanges, sizing, & repairs feedback hi deanna! i just wanted to let you know that i got my ring and i love it! i was so nervous about ordering my engagement ring online, and had no idea what i was looking for but you made me feel so comfortable and made it so easy. it was even more beautiful than i imagined, i've gotten so many compliments! thank you so much for all of your help and hard work it really meant a lot!! i look forward to working with you again when it's time to order the band! merry christmas!!! katy h., usa *sent:* monday, december 15, 2008 9:36 pm dear diamond nexus staff! i just wanted to let you know that i took the ring that jeremy, marybeth and i designed and proposed to my girlfriend on december 5th. i proposed to her at our alma mater christmas festival. she was absolutely astounded by the ring and couldn't stop jumping up and down and crying and laughing. she loved loved loved it to use her words and couldn't wait to show it to all her friends. thank you all very very much for helping me make this a day angela will never forget! i appreciate your professionalism, and openness with me about the custom ring properties. jeremy even took a phone call from me when he could have emailed me an answer! you all did a great job! thank you so much! anglea has already recommended diamond nexus to everyone she has told the story to. its only been 3 days and i think she hit 1/2 of minnesota! thanks again! steve g. usa hello! i received my princess cut solitaire ring, and i am stunned with its quality and brilliance. in fact, i am so impressed that i will never buy another real diamond again. your service was prompt and friendly. thanks for going the extra mile. you are top-notch and have earned a loyal customer! i recommend you most highly. thank you! j.l., south carolina, usa *sent:* thursday, december 11, 2008 3:11 pm hi i am very please to write about my experience with your service. i just received a luna ring in yellow gold with the .76 ct. size stone in a size 6.5. wow was she amazed at how lovely the ring looks feels and the size of the stone. it's my opinion a larger stone would have looked more masculine so i went for this size and it's wonderful. i will always have trouble trying to believe i could find a better product and at this price any where amazing to me. the ring was delivered in just days and well packed with a very nice jewelry box plus triple packing. and a cleaning clothe. what surprises me most is the clarity and size of stone at this price, plus the life time guaranty on the appearance of the stone not fading. i will recommend your site and service to any one interested in a diamond ring because of my experience and the quality of your products. thanks again for a unusually exceptional experience at such a low price i still can't believe it. i guess the only question for me is if you will have more wedding sets later because i would like to see more choices in this area. sincerely, victor f. nj, usa sent: saturday, december 06, 2008 10:54 am hi niki, i would have no problem with that. diamonds, and gemstones have been a hobby of mine for some time now. i saved up to buy my wife a loose vvs g color 40 point diamond, and mounted it in white gold. i put the nexus diamond, and the vvs under the microscope. the nexus is awesome!!! i will be saving a little to buy an 8x6 cushion cut nexus in the near future. there is a large difference between a regular cz, and the nexus. anyhow i would be glad to post any feedback. take care, vietnam vet, ron c. usa *sent:* friday, december 05, 2008 10:29 am good morning to all, i received my order yesterday afternoon, and it is awesome!!!!. my wife went bonkers. she loves it, and can't wait for me to mount the stone. thanks for the great product. disabled vietnam vet, ron c., usam *sent:* thursday, december 04, 2008 3:26 am hi kristan, the ring is absolutely stunning!! she loved it! thank you so much for your help. martin t. sent: tuesday, december 09, 2008 1:23 am hi kristan the ring arrived yesterday - i love it!! cannot believe how much more i love it now it fits properly and i can really see it! thank you for all your help - i love your store and will definitely purchase more. lucy g. *sent:* tuesday, december 09, 2008 6:53 am dear kristan / jeremy: i wanted to thank you both again for your outstanding effort, communication, and customer service. i received the ring the day before thanksgiving and was able to "pop" the question on thanksgiving. luckily, jenny said yes, and was totally surprised. she didn't think that i was going to be able to get the ring in so soon (she was somewhat involved in the early design). the ring is incredible and she adores it. i wanted to commend you both for your patience and professionalism in dealing with a very challenging customer (me!). you exceeded my expectations and made extraordinary efforts to get the ring delivered within an extremely short window. job extremely well done! thanks and regards, ray j. fl, usa *sent:* monday, december 08, 2008 11:17 am hi i am very please to write about my experience with your service. i just received a luna ring in yellow gold with the .76 ct. size stone in a size 6.5. wow was she amazed at how lovely the ring looks feels and the size of the stone. it's my opinion a larger stone would have looked more masculine so i went for this size and it's wonderful. i will always have trouble trying to believe i could find a better product and at this price any where amazing to me. the ring was delivered in just days and well packed with a very nice jewelry box plus triple packing. and a cleaning clothe. what surprises me most is the clarity and size of stone at this price, plus the life time guaranty on the appearance of the stone not fading. i will recommend your site and service to any one interested in a diamond ring because of my experience and the quality of your products. thanks again for an unusually exceptional experience at such a low price i still can't believe it. i guess the only question for me is if you will have more wedding sets later because i would like to see more choices in this area. sincerely, victor f. nj, usa sent: saturday, december 06, 2008 10:54 am thank you, you guys are amazing and prompt. i wish all customer service could be like your team! lucie d. sent: tuesday, december 02, 2008 1:55 pm mr. jacobs,i would like to let you know that i received exceptional service from ms. renee caliendo. she answered every question i had about my purchase, and was very pleasant to talk to on the phone. she made me feel comfortable with my purchase, and also in the quality of the product that i ordered. she was also available via phone to me after my order to answer any questions i had and to add a discount for a coupon i had received in the mail. her service will definitely guarantee a repeat purchase from me in the future. once again, i just wanted say that the service i received from ms. caliendo was really appreciated, and is by far not the norm when dealing with purchases from other companies. please extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to her! sincerely, c. brandon w. sent: thursday, november 20, 2008 1:16 pm hello: i just wanted to let you know that i received my ring today, the decadent dreamer....just one word...beautiful. i want to thank you for your truth in advertising. the ring is even more beautiful on my hand!! than on the web-site. i am going to enjoy it. bonnie e. sent: wednesday, october 08, 2008 11:43 am renee,i received the ring today right on time as you said. thank you so much for making sure it arrived in time for the engagement pictures tomorrow, and thanks for the great suggestion of mounting the radiant in the knife edge band. it was pretty in the tiffany, but it is absolutely gorgeous in the raised setting! it sparkles even more than before. you‘re the best. =) julie a. and zac i. sent: wednesday, september 24, 2008 2:06 pm thank you so much for you prompt reply. i have had a professional and kind experience with my exchange process and i would like to express my appreciation to all of those who have been involved. everyone has been so great! you have such a great product but the reason i will return is the customer service. your customer service is the best ever, seriously! cynde p. united states sent: thursday, september 18, 2008 2:09 pm hi there,just wanted to express many thanks on behalf of myself and my now fiance. the engagement ring i ordered was delivered very quickly, packaged very well and looked almost as stunning in the beautiful box as it does now on her finger. as soon as we learned about you we knew right away that we wanted to purchase one of your rings rather than deal with a local retailer. my fiance and i are ever grateful for both your great service and your ethical, affordable, top quality diamonds and rings. thank you so much for the perfect ring that helped made our engagement so special. cheers, jonathan r., nova scotia sent: wednesday, september 17, 2008 5:04 pm this is absolutely exquisite! it‘s better than beautiful, way beyond gorgeous. i am truly, truly thrilled. i had serious reservations about the possibility of getting my dream translated -- via computer -- into an actual piece of jewelry. you not only did an incredible job, but you were fun and funny and extremely helpful and patient. your skill and expertise are obvious, but your willingness to cheerfully continue (through version iv!) is so greatly appreciated. this was a totally wonderful experience. in a couple of months i would like to have a step-cut emerald ring with baguettes, and i hope you will be willing to design it. thank you ever so much, jody g. sent: tuesday, september 16, 2008 1:17 am dearest ben, hi! i just wanted to let you know how thrilled i was when i finally saw my "athala" ring. it was more than i had ever expected, it‘s just so beyond words, my friends and family are still in "awe" when they see it. a special thanks also must go to the jewelers who create such magnificent work! thank you all so much, susana z. xo‘s sent: 9/15/2008 2:33 pm kristan, thank you for the follow up. the pendant is beautiful and my wife could not be happier! thank you for all your help andi i‘m sure we will be doing business in the future! jeremy w. sent: friday, september 12, 2008 7:03 pm received ring.......beautiful...........everything i expected and more. you can use me as a reference. larry minor sent: wednesday, september 10, 2008 11:06 am wow!!! the ring is absolutely gorgeous. i am very happy with how beautiful it turned out. i could not have gotten such a unique and one of a kind bridal set without the help you and jeremy gave me. thank you so very much. i will have to have it sized down though. but that is my doing. my doctor has put me on a diet. so once i get to my goal weight i will send it back to you for resizing. once again i can not thank you enough for all your and jeremy‘s help. i will buy my quality pieces from you from now on. thanks, debra m. sent: thursday, september 04, 2008 3:44 pm hello sami, i just wanted to let you know i am truly "elated". everyday i look at my rings and say wow, there mine. i will be purchasing another band like the one that i have with this ring, traditional sparkle....i think it would look perfect with that center ring stone surrounded with the bands. also, getting another band will make it all fit tight on my finger, and i won‘t need to have them soldered. or do you think that it‘s too much wear on my rings to not solder them together? it‘ll be a couple weeks that i‘ll be ordering the other band, do i need to send in these rings so as to match the band with the rings i have now? i also want to tell you thank you so much for your help with my dilemma from the start. i don‘t think i could have convinced randy to buy me something that isn‘t real, but is as high quality of the real thing, but better!! i do mean better too. now that randy has seen how perfect my ring is, he‘s not skeptical with a diamond nexus lab diamond. personally i believe in my heart it is the real thing, when i can wear it with out the guilt of who and how it was mined....its better then real to me. i couldn‘t be more satisfied. thanks again sami. for everything, bless your heart and have a great day. smile, take care, suzanne sent: thursday, september 04, 2008 2:37 am dear nexus i received my luna ring on monday. it had taken just a week from ordering to arrival in the uk. it is spectacular and i love it. the 1.75 carat stone is truly beautiful and i have had such a lot of comments already. the setting is very chic and sets off the stone perfectly. i had it delivered to my office. what a delicious moment to sit on a monday morning and take the layers of pretty packaging off one by one to eventually reveal the ring-wow. thank you. kindest regards gill h. of the uksent: wednesday, september 03, 2008 2:49 pm renee,you absolutely may use this as a testimonial. hopefully, it will help to combat some of the ugly things some moron is posting all over the web about dnl. it had me worried for a while for sure. if you ask me, he probably works for a competitor even though he says he does not). thanks!julie a. sent: wednesday, september 03, 2008 6:00 pm dear kristan, the earrings are very beautiful and i‘m grateful to have them. thanks so much for all you do! i hope that you have a happy day! we are looking forward to seeing your ideas for the ruby rings... no hurry, just excited! blessings in abundance, belinda sent: wednesday, september 03, 2008 9:19 am hello, i just wanted to let you know that i received my ring on time, just as you promised! it‘s absolutely beautiful. the setting is flawless and the stone is amazing. i am having so much fun showing it off, and i will definitely be buying more jewelry from you. thank you so much for being a trustworthy company and for creating an ethical (and perfect) diamond simulant!!! --anonymous sent: thursday, august 28, 2008 7:20 pm i wanted to take a moment to say that i received the ring i order from you a day ahead of schedule and its beautiful...thank you so much for your pleasant professional service and prompt delivery to meet my special time needs... thank you again, peter j m. sent: wednesday, august 27, 2008 9:04 am this message is for carmen doubek to thank her very much for the beautiful job diamond nexus labs did on the diamond resetting for my ring. the ring looks much better with a diamond nexus stone and, as usual, you guys did a great job. thanks also for the very prompt turn-around time. i have told everyone i know about diamond nexus, so if you get a spurt of orders from cincinnati, you‘ll know why! thanks again, sally chapman sent: tuesday, august 26, 2008 2:14 pm dear ben & carmen, my wife got her ring back today and was absolutely delighted. after 50 years of marriage no one would question the genuineness of the stone. thank you so very much. gerald m sent: monday, august 25, 2008 6:23 pm hello, the ring came in and it is absolutely beautiful!! thanks so much for getting everything rushed to be here on time! sherri sent: saturday, august 23, 2008 10:03 pm hi guys, i just wanted to drop you a line to let you know i received the ring, it looks awesome. my husband and i are extremely pleased with it. i also wanted to thank ya‘ll for your patience and support over the last several months, i greatly appreciate it. thanks again and take care! leslie b. sent: wednesday, august 20, 2008 10:31 am i just wanted to tell you that, as always, i am impressed with your customer service. it is always outstanding. thank you. robert s. sent: wednesday, august 20, 2008 9:29 am good morning, i received the watch this morning and i must say that: 1) your delivery service is excellent 2) the watch is beautiful 3) i will probably order a stone very shortly. thanks a lot. best regards patrizia b. sent: wednesday, august 20, 2008 4:34 am hello marybeth, i probably cannot put in words what i felt when i saw the ring today, i was mystified and my jaw dropped :) i can‘t imagine what she will do. i wanted to thank you from the bottom of my heart for all the work and excellent customer service and professionalism that you have shown me over the last few months. you have acquired an ecstatic customer for life.please accept my sincere and heartfelt appreciation for you and the master behind the beautiful creation that received today.kind regards,kevin d.sent: tue 1/16/2007 3:00 pm hello,the ring came in and it is absolutely beautiful!! thanks so much for getting everything rushed to be here on time! sherrisent: saturday, august 23, 2008 10:03 pm hi guys,i just wanted to drop you a line to let you know i received the ring, it looks awesome. my husband and i are extremely pleased with it. i also wanted to thank ya‘ll for your patience and support over the last several months, i greatly appreciate it. thanks again and take care! leslie b.sent: wednesday, august 20, 2008 10:31 am marybeth, just received my ring............. it is outstanding...very happy. will be ordering wedding ring and sum! shortly. thank u so much. justin hasn‘t seen it i‘i&#iiaiiiiiii:wi'm sure he will be in touch. maria s. sent: sunday, august 10, 2008 7:03 pm marybeth, jeremy & kristan,i just wanted to say thank you for all the correspondence, help, patience, etc. i received my ring last night and it is gorgeous! nice job, jeremy - i really love it and i can't wait to show it off. i will certainly be a return shopper. thanks again for all your help.regards,kathy b.sent: thursday, august 07, 2008 11:48 pm marybeth....omg, it is beautiful....i love it!!!!!!!! now, i may have to look into get a new wedding band....i will let you know. oh and the earrings, very nice....thank you for everything!!!!!christina f.sent: friday, august 01, 2008 4:22 pm jeremy, i have reviewed the cad drawings and specifications you send me on the round ring version. i accepted the form on-line. your rendering is phenomenal and looks fantastic. i really appreciate your time, comments, concerns, and patience. you have provided excellent customer service. i will be sure to let my friends know where to come for custom work and to diamond nexus. thanks, dallas robinsonsent: tuesday, july 29, 2008 1:45 pm i received my pendant and it‘s more beautiful than i could have imagined! i can‘t wait to wear it at my wedding! thank you all so much - you‘ve made this a great experience for me.andrea c.sent: friday, july 25, 2008 6:52 am rachel, just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that we are very satified with the ring, it exceeds our expectations. the ring that was initially ordered was not quite what we expected so we sent it back and the new ring is perfect! we would like to thank you for working with us. we will recommend your product and look forward to ordering something else in the near future. sincerely, cipriano e. sent: friday, august 01, 2008 12:09 pm hi ben! my wife kathy just received the ring she ordered a while back - eternity. the luna we ordered with you is on the way and will be here thursday. she was absolutely ecstatic!!! so was i. what a beautiful ring. but she only got to look at it for a while, and then had to pack it back up because she doesn‘t really get to "keep" it until our anniversary aug. 14. the next one‘s going to be a teaser too, because it‘s for christmas. y‘all sure do make excellent products and i bet there‘s a lot more happy women out there because of you. she told me to write you and thank you once again for the help you gave us in ordering the luna ring. we both certainly appreciate the personal service you have provided us to go along with the excellent jewelry. our most heartfelt congratulations to your and your colleagues. many, many thanks!!! morgan and kathy k., richmond, va sent: tuesday, july 29, 2008 7:11 pm i received my pendant and it‘s more beautiful than i could have imagined! i can‘t wait to wear it at my wedding! thank you all so much - you‘ve made this a great experience for me. andrea c. sent: friday, july 25, 2008 6:52 am renee, i just received my ring. i am so glad you got it here on time and i didn‘t cancel my order! i had what i thought was a very high quality cubic zirconia, until i compared it with the diamond nexus ring. there is no comparison - the diamond nexus ring really looks like a diamond and puts my other ring to shame. it is just stunning; i can‘t stop looking at it. i am a very satisfied customer. i will never buy a "real" diamond again. thank you so much for your help, i really love the ring! if you hadn‘t gone the extra step with the overnight shipping, i would have canceled and never known what i missed. lenae m. sent: thursday, july 24, 2008 2:46 pm hi renee, i would like to let you know what excellent customer service i received from you! this was our first experience with diamond nexus labs, and due to your outstanding customer service, timely responses to my many emails, and a beautiful product, i will recommend your company to all my friends! i am thrilled with my three stone ring, it is absolutely stunning! again, thank you for making our first experience with your company a great one! a very happy customer, naomi m. sent: saturday, july 19, 2008 8:25 am renee, i just received my ring.i am so glad you got it here on time and i didn‘t cancel my order! i had what i thought was a very high quality cubic zirconia, until i compared it with the diamond nexus ring.there is no comparison - the diamond nexus ring really looks like a diamond and puts my other ring to shame.it is just stunning; i can‘t stop looking at it.i am a very satisfied customer.i will never buy a "real" diamond again.thank you so much for your help, i really love the ring!if you hadn‘t gone the extra step with the overnight shipping, i would have canceled and never known what i missed. lenae m., united states sent: thursday, july 24, 2008 2:46 pm i received my martini-set earrings (2.04ct ea) this afternoon. it was a dull day and i fully expected to be unimpressed and take advantage of your no-hassle return policy. i have to say that i've never, ever written a "testimonial" before, but these earrings are outstanding! i really can't overstate how dazzling and gorgeous they are. i have a real pair of princess-cut diamonds of excellent quality which were given to me on our 10th wedding anniversary, and i think these are every bit as lovely.....even my husband (major skeptic) was amazed. the earrings arrived beautifully packaged and your customer service representatives were courteous and professional. i will definitely be ordering from dnl again.....a thousand thank you's! p.s. congratulations on your involvement in world peace 1 - great cause, great company! sondra b., canada sent: tuesday, july 15, 2008 10:56 pm good afternoon, i just wanted to write a quick note to complement for your prompt reply and delivery of my ring which i sent back to get a stone re fitted, even though it looks like a brand new ring that's been replaced with it (definitely not complaining) but who cares!, i am so elated with everything you have done. i have never written to complain or complement, however i have never had service so exceptional before and the fact i'm in australia felt like you were a business just up the road!!! i will be back as i have eyed off a couple of wedding bands but in the meantime, thank you. the warranty really saved me and there is no way i could afford to replace if it was a natural diamond which is the reason i came to you in the first place. so many thanks and warm wishes and i will be definitely seeing you guys soon!!! kelly h., australia sent: thursday, july 10, 2008 10:47 pm wow! this web site is a great improvement in many ways. i referred a friend to your company who was getting married in april but he was put off by the web site at the time. he was interested in an ethical diamond but the site looked like it was designed for girls going to a prom. he found another solution somewhere else. this site accommodates your diverse audiences: people who want a beautiful diamond at an affordable price; people who want an ethical diamond regardless of the price; and people who to add additional pieces to go with their collection of genuine diamonds. thank you for demonstrating excellence in your products, customer service, and standards. i look forward to being a long-term customer. regards, shelley c., united states sent: wednesday, june 25, 2008 1:50 pm dear sirs and madams, i wish to inform you that my order arrived at my home address on this date, 25/06/08, and i am happy to say that i am extremely impressed by the prompt delivery. i am also extremely impressed with the quality and presentation of the items i had ordered. i will not hesitate to recommend your company to relatives, friends and companies when the opportunity prevails itself. once again thank you !! you will hear from me again in the not so near future as i intend to purchase a ring for my wife and perhaps myself. kind regards, sincerely stephen o., australia sent: wednesday, june 25, 2008 5:10 am dear kristan and mary beth, thank you, thank you, thank you so very, very much.the rings are extraordinary.they are beautiful in the box but spectacular on the hand.i love them so much.they are a great copy.i love the earrings we designed and they look so beautiful on.they are so pretty and dainty and just the right size for my little pinhead. when you said you were sending a little something along because i had had to wait, i assumed it would be a $25 to $50 gift certificate.i had planned on giving it to my son-in-law to be to put toward the eternity band he's going to buy amy (he just got laid off so money is very tight for them).she wants the touch of paradise and i will buy it and he can pay me back when he has a job. but i digress. i was totally blown away when i opened the gorgeous studs you sent.they are gorgeous and i can't thank you enough.you are so generous. i shall repay you in spreading the word about diamond nexus labs and how wonderful you are to work with.a friend and her mother are coming over on sunday to see my ring.her mother never had a diamond ring.her husband just died and by god, she's going to buy herself the biggest flashiest one she can find. she's planning on buying one from your company. who knows, you may have a buyer for the first one that was made for me! thank you so very much again. fondly, barbara s., united states sent: saturday, june 21, 2008 1:32 am hello dnl, i received my rapture ring yesterday and i must tell you that i was absolutely floored!it is exquisite! i do admit that i had some trepidation about simulated diamonds, but all for naught as my ring far exceeded my expectations. i am an extremely satisfied customer and will be purchasing from you again (hopefully very soon). thank you for such a beautiful product. sincerely, lisa f., united states sent: friday, june 20, 2008 2:10 pm dear ben received the quadrato today and it was absolutely wonderful. you attention to detail, professionalism and your sense of humor were a blessing in today's world where customer service has went down the drain. the products you sell are unsurpassed and i will be a repeat customer in the near future. thank you for everything you have done. robert a., united states sent: wednesday, june 18, 2008 3:55 pm to: ben.thimm subject: *** customer service *** recent order my wife just opened our second order from diamond nexus labs, and she says the earrings are beautiful.she also appreciated the way you included the little box and the godiva chocolate.very nice job! thanks, jeff heisley/alaska sent: monday, june 09, 2008 2:26 pm to: kay.sorrenti subject: *** customer service *** special order yesterday my wife and i received her ring back from dnl what an awesome job you guys did.a couple of weeks ago she noticed that the diamond had fallen out of her engagement ring and of course she was just heartbroken.i gave her that ring in december of 1972!!!oddly enough we had just gotten the dnl catalog in the mail a few days before.since we had ordered from dnl before we decided to give dnl a call and see if her ring could be repaired.she is completely pleased with the repair, the new dnl stone, and the overall appearance of her ring. thanks a bunch - you saved the day!! daryl f. darby rowan-cabarrus community college south campus computer maintenance sent: thursday, june 12, 2008 7:44 am thank you once again for another gorgeous piece. i just recieved my telstar ring for my upcoming 5th anniversary and a little tax relief spending. stunning. for those reading your feedback, i wish to comment on the various cuts. i have a round brilliant solitaire ring that stuns everyone, every time. i have princess cut (square) earrings that are very elegant. my heart solitaire pendant is often the focus of much comment, and now my telestar contains an emerald cut and 2 triangle cuts. i have been working my way through the various cuts and every single one has lived up to (and surpassed) expectations. your customer service is excellent and your product is fabulous. there is no higher praise i can possibly think of to give. thank you so much! cara f., united states sent: thursday, may 15, 2008 5:39 pm good afternoon! i've purchased both the princess heart shaped studs and the pendant from you and they are absolutely stunning! since then, we've ordered earrings for both my mother and mother-in-law. i've told all of my friends and relatives about your company and two of my friends have already ordered from you. you have an amazing product! thank you! shirley a spernak, aic, ajp (gia) united states sent: monday, may 12, 2008 11:30 am hey ben, i just wanted to thank you for being to helpful. your company is great and your service is even better. i've finally given the ring to my now fieance and she has three sisters who are now thinking of buying something from you guys. so if you see robertson, grasham, or a fleshman name in an order, it is all because of your service and friendliness. thanks again grant w., usa sent: monday, may 12, 2008 11:55 pm hello again kristan, i just received the aurora ring. it is more beautiful than i could have imagined. when i opened it at the office a heard a full 10 minutes of ooo's and ah's. i can't wait to take it home to my wife. i will have to give this present to her early. thank you so very much, alan w., usa sent: tuesday, may 06, 2008 1:48 pm dear diamond nexus labs, i received my order for the diamond diva 1.03 ct center stone this morning. i am blown away!!my ring is so beautiful, it brought tears of joy to my eyes! my first engagement ring was an .84cz solitaire, but within a year it became so cloudy as to look terribly cheap and fake. my fiance and i shopped around at many different jewellery stores and everything we saw was either way out of our price range, or the diamonds were visibly flawed. even those that claimed their diamonds were vs1, g grade we found to be sub-standard and the prices over-inflated. your diamonds however, are absolutely stunning, and it is clear to me my ring is solidly built as it is quite a heavy ring, although it looks beautifully delicate! i am in love!!! thank you, thank you, thank you!!! i will proudly wear this ring for the rest of my life and not ever again worry that it looks like i'm wearing a "fake". you have won my lifetime loyalty with your excellent customer service, your speedy delivery, the oh-so-pretty packaging your jewellery is shipped in and the extreme high quality of your diamonds! sincerely, christine russell, customer for life! sent: monday, may 05, 2008 9:22 am hi kristan! i just wanted to let you know that i got your message. thank you so much for the extra pair of earrings, you guys did not have to do that. but i must say they are absolutely gorgeous! i really appreciate the entire diamond nexus team going above and beyond my expectations. now i really can't wait to see my ring!! thanks again for everything. best, lisa w. sent: friday, may 09, 2008 11:34 am the pendant arrived yesterday; i inspected it and thought it was just too perfect to wait until my wife's birthday to give it to her ............. now i may have to come up with another of your pieces for her actual birthday! thanks, it‘s everything you said it would be and i was hoping it would be. barry, usa sent: thursday, may 01, 2008 8:27 am hey jeremy, i just wanted you to know that i andrea's ring last wednesday. we flew to here home in va that weekend, and proposed to her last friday night. thanks for all of your help with the design of her ring; she is very excited about the way it turned out. she's been emailing all of her friends pictures of it. it may need to be re-sized but we aren't sure .=) thanks, brian, usa sent: monday, april 28, 2008 11:55 am i stumbled across your website by accident while researching engagement rings. i had called several area jewelers because i didn't want any conflict diamonds, or diamonds from the african continent for that matter. none of them could tell me with certainty where their diamonds were mined. i was actually considering a birthstone engagement ring until your company answered my concerns. i received my engagement ring yesterday--my fiance and i were completely blown away! it is absolutely stunning! we've already decided to buy our wedding bands from you too. if you don't put mined diamonds out of business, i don't know who will! thank you, judith j. ny sent: wednesday, april 23, 2008 6:52 am i just wanted to write and tell nexus how happy i am with my earrings. the packaging was so beautiful that i almost didn't want to ruin it. the earrings are so nice that i can't wait to buy something else from you guys. i feel like i got such a great deal for the perfect price. after seeing the movie blood diamond i could never buy a mined diamond. i am so happy, and excited to wear my earrings thanks for the excellent service and product! christina, new york sent: tuesday, april 08, 2008 9:23 pm i just want to thank you for my beautiful earth angel white gold pendant. i received it last week, and i was so impressed by how pretty it was and also the presentation of the package. not only did i receive a gorgeous pendant, but the gift boxes and bows made it even more special. i also want to thank you for the wonderful godiva chocolates and the jewelry cleaning cloth. once again, i had a great experience ordering from diamond nexus. thank you for the wonderful jewelry and the special touches you add to each order. diane v. wi sent: wednesday, april 23, 2008 4:33 pm hi kristan, wow!!! i am so happy with my custom ring. it's even more gorgeous than the first one. i am sending back the original ring today, via usps priority mail, insured, with delivery confirmation. you should have it by friday. you are the best and everyone there that i dealt with has also been terrific. please thank them all for me as well. kindest regards, carol f. sent: wednesday, april 16, 2008 9:24 am hi kristan, my ring came today and i can't tell you how happy i am with it. i am beyond impressed by the quality. the beautiful box, wrap and chocolates were all a very special touch as well. i have to say that i have never had such a good experience with a company before. i want to thank you very much for all of the time you put into this for me and how much i appreciate how you were always willing to answer any of my questions. you are definitely an asset to diamond nexus labs. i will certainly purchase from you again. thank you, kristin k. sent: tuesday, april 15, 2008 10:14 pm kristan, not only did the email have the tracking number, the pendant arrived right after! and it is absolutely beautiful!!!!!! thank you all at dnl for such wonderful work. message to south africa: close the mines, you're done for! you have been replaced by dnl! please keep up the good work 'cause i'll be ordering again soon! and thanks especially to you kristan for keeping me informed every step of the way! sincerely, eric h. sent: tuesday, april 15, 2008 5:47 pm i just wanted to write and tell nexus how happy i am with my earrings. the packaging was so beautiful that i almost didn't want to ruin it. the earrings are so nice that i can't wait to buy something else from you guys. i feel like i got such a great deal for the perfect price. after seeing the movie blood diamond i could never buy a mined diamond. i am so happy, and excited to wear my earrings! thanks for the excellent service and product! christina, united statessent: tuesday, april 08, 2008 9:23 pm what can i say, except that the service is excellent and the product is wonderful. thank you, jude c., united states hello, i am a little late in "thanking you". i mailed two mountings to diamond nexus labs for repairs, new heads and insertion of stones. absolutely amazing!! they are beautiful. i could not be happier. about 3 years ago i lost a marquise carat, $4,000.00 stone down the bathtub drain! did not have insurance coverage as i thought $4,000.00 was not that much to replace if needed. well guess what? it is. so many other things take priority when thinking of spending $4,000.00 o something you lost! i was so happy to find this website and thought why not take a chance and see the difference in sparkle for the $. well, if anything, the sparkle is better. i feel as if i spent $10,000.00. i am so proud to display my rings. i know that no one has a clue these are simulated diamonds. i would also like to thank the staff that i talked with. they could not have been more helpful or pleasant. this has been a great experience and i know i will continue to buy my diamond jewelry with diamond nexus labs! sincerely, judy j k. sent: tuesday, april 08, 2008 10:37 am love the diamonds so much, i have shown them to my parent & my inlaws both who have purchased their own diamonds. great quality! from,david m. sent: thursday, april 03, 2008 11:19 am i am writing this note to let you know i just received my rings today and i am totally shocked with the great quality, beauty and the dazzling sparkle! i always thought a gift like this was out of reach and to know there is a company like nexus labs which can/does make every woman's dream come true. thank you gain for the superior quality and workmanship that has went into my rings., i am totally amazed! it's a gift to myself which will last a life time! sharon r. sent: wednesday, april 02, 2008 3:03 pm i received my engagement ring from diamond nexus and was so happy and proud of it that i had to get my fiances wedding band form you too. the quality and beauty of your jewelry and gem stones is amazing. i am so glad there is a less expensive conflict-free alternative to a mined diamond. everyone who sees my ring has no idea it‘s not natural and is stunned at how gorgeous it is. they think he's spent a fortune! thank you again for making such a wonderful product! celty f., usa sent: thursday, march 6, 2008 dear customer service, i am a diamond lover at heart. i have a 1 1/2 carat oval that we bought at a wholesale place downtown denver. they were very reputable, but even though it was wholesale, we paid several thousands of dollars. in surfing the internet, always searching for jewelry, we stumbled on your website quite some time ago. i am a believer in having amazing jewelry for a fraction of the cost, if possible. it makes me crazy to see young couples in a "retail" setting, knowing they can do so much better someplace else. i have told so many people about your website, your product, have your huge catalog, and so believe in what you do and the price you do it for, your guarantees, replacement values and all that you offer. i know this is not a novel idea, but seriously, i believe this needs to be in stores where the people can actually see the product and have an opportunity to be a part of this amazing idea, have the kind of jewelry they have always dreamed of because it is something attainable. i have gone to many jewelry stores, and asked them why they don't have a special section of jewelry for the younger generation. naturally, when my son was younger and looking for the special piece of jewelry for his girlfriend, and my daughter's boyfriend looking for something special for her, there just wasn't much to choose from. i know you have probably heard this a thousand times, and my girlfriend said if i believe strongly enough in a product, then i should contact you and ask about any stores, or upcoming stores. i live in the outskirts of denver in a town called parker. we are the fastest growing county in the nation. i want you to have a store here so i can work there. i have always wanted to work in jewelry as that is my passion, diamonds especially. i just feel this is the answer to so many of us who love the gems, but can't afford the real thing. there, i did it. you'll probably think i'm crazy, but i'm just another lover of amazing gems, and believe in your concept and love selling something i strongly believe in. so, if you are not considering opening any stores, you should. and if you ever come to colorado, you need to contact me so i can come and work for you. thanks for taking the time to read this. i'll continue to pass the work, show people your catalog and love knowing i can have what i want at an affordable price. sincerely, debbie t., usa sent: thursday, march 6, 2008 i received my ring and it is beautiful, i will definitely buy more . please tell kristan johnson thank you for all of her help and i found my real diamond, but i like yours better, so i am wearing that instead. thank you toni d., united states sent: tuesday, february 26, 2008 9:35 am thank you, i received the ring today. the ring is perfect and the packaging was very thoughtful. i will be ordering from you in the future. ted s., canada sent: tuesday, february 19, 2008 10:49 pm dear nexus reps, thank you so very much for all you've done for us. never a hitch or a glitch or an inpatient sigh....you've been helpful, courteous and very informative. i especially want to thank chris and rachel ( who was able to give me honest opinions, having a ring finger the same size as mine...size "tiny"!). we listened to your recommendations and followed your instructions. we received an absolutely beautiful engagement ring...godiva chocolates 'n all. i'm thrilled, looking at it every time my hand is doing something....i'll never tire of it and i'm so proud to wear it. it represents the love between me and my fiancee'..." simply the best", as tina turner would say (my ring as well as my fiancee!! ) the other day we saw a 2 page ad in a magazine showing engagement rings from tiffany's. we both agreed that my ring was so much prettier! hey, it is!! again....thanks for everything....we'll be contacting you again soon....count on it!! the wedding band is next! take care....melissa g., united states sent: monday, february 11, 2008 6:14 pm good morning, i received my order #526574 the 1.5 ct dnl. i brought it to a jeweler that i have been going to for years. i had two 1 ct real diamonds, and my jeweler made a mold of a past, present, and future ring, i cannot believe how brilliant the dnl stone is. now i have the ring of my dreams, i will be coming back to shop very soon. thank you so much. alicia c., united states sent: tuesday, january 29, 2008 10:43 am dear mark, i got my rings today, and they blew me away!!!!!.i loveee ittt!!! all i can say is georgeous! amazing! wow wow wow!!! i will tell every woman i know about you guys!!! the one's who beg me anyway!! thank you!! thank you!! thank you!! i can't wait to order something else!! debbie c., united states sent: saturday, january 26 2007 3:04pm “we received my engagement setting with the nexus stone you set for us.  it is truly beautiful. you did a fantastic job setting the stone in my ring.  i can't tell you how many compliments i receive on a daily basis on my ring.  the stone is stunning and no one can tell it is not the real mccoy.  thank you so much for making my wedding set so fabulous and for your excellent service. sincerely,” -kelley & richard l., united states sent: friday, december 21, 2007 12:59 pm “chris, i received my 2.04 cardiff ring yesterday.  it is so gorgeous!  i feel like i had a hand transplant!  i couldn't be more thrilled with it.  i just wanted to say that the customer service i have received from diamond nexus labs is stellar to say the least.  last month when my husband, robert gave me the ring originally i thought it was beautiful of course.  then when i called because of very small engraving mark on the inside of the ring that i wanted buffed out, i thought you guys would give me trouble.  wow to my amazement you were so accommodating i really kept waiting for you guys to mess up and it just didn't happen.  you sent the return label and made the whole thing so easy. your patient way of handling all my questions was so appreciated.    i hope that diamond nexus will be around forever, i can't imagine buying jewelry from anyone else after this! for me the ultimate test for any company isn't whether things are always perfect (although that helps) but rather how they treat customers when there is a problem no matter how small. i hope you all keep up the good work.” -shaina s., united states sent: wednesday, december 19, 2007 11:23 pm “justin, i just wanted to thank you again for doing everything you could to get me the earrings on time, for my girlfriend’s graduation.  nexus’ presentation was perfect and the diamonds were superb.  after all i had read on-line, i was a little concerned about how the larger stones would look, but they looked wonderful and she loved her gift. my best wishes for a happy holidays to you and all the nexus staff.  thanks again,” -george t., united states sent: wednesday, december 19, 2007 3:09 pm “justin, got the rings right when you said. must admit, i felt guilty having the guy show up so late in the rain. they are beautiful. again, thank you so much for your diligence and patience. you are the best!  merry christmas & happy new year!” -amy t., united states sent: tuesday, december 18, 2007 11:06 am “hi!  i recently ordered a pair of the princess signature asscher cut stud earrings, 1.42 cts. tw.  oh my gosh, they are absolutely beautiful.  first, they were packaged so beautifully and had godiva chocolates in there also!  what a nice touch.  well, when i opened the studs my jaw dropped, they sparkle such white brilliance with just a hint of color sparkle, but not much and that's great.  i recently went into one of the top jewelry stores that's world famous and the sales people wanted to know where i got such white diamonds from.  they actually looked at my earring with their loop and couldn't decide if they were if of fl clarity, d or e color.  ha!  they were amazed.  thank you so much, i've already gotten my mom to order a new stone for her wedding set!” -monique d., united states sent: tuesday, december 18, 2007 7:23 am “thank you.  i am absolutely delighted with my pendant which, to my delight, i received last week. your customer service is excellent and i will be ordering again very soon.” -joan g., united kingdom sent: tuesday, december 18, 2007 2:54 am “dear justin—i received the ring.  it is beautiful…i’m happy with the purchase.  if i have any complaints, it is that the stone is much too large for the woman i wish to give it to.  but, i think she will like it no matter what.  thank you.” -marvin g., united states sent: sunday, december 16, 2007 4:46 pm “thank you so very much for a beautiful pair of earrings my fiancee is sure to love this christmas.  i can't get over how they look especially when the light hits them the shimmer and beauty of these earrings is sure to put the world’s largest smile on her face.  i am very pleased with the speedy service as well and thank you a million i will sure to be doing more business again thank you.” -ray w., united states sent: wednesday, december 12, 2007 7:09 pm “i wanted to thank you for my ring.   i absolutely love it!  it is even more beautiful now!  i have had many compliments already and i appreciate everyone who took a part in making this go so smoothly.  i am so grateful to be able to wear again my precious engagement & wedding ring.  blessings,” -lorraine g., united states sent: tuesday, december 04, 2007 6:28 pm “i cannot compliment you enough on the terrific job you have done with my ring.  my husband and i bought his and mine out of a wholesale catalog.  i lost the entire diamond in the swimming pool in a small town and have never been able to afford to replace it.  my husband said i could have a new ring, but since this is the one that was blessed when we were married and i do like the ring, i decided to just fix it.  the stone you mounted in the ring is really beautiful and no one can believe i can afford this stone.  the service you provide is terrific and you are terrific people to do business with.  thank you again.” -dorene s., united states sent: monday, december 03, 2007 7:48pm “justin, i just picked up my ring from dhl.  next time maybe i should have them deliver.....i almost ran off the road on the way home, i couldn't keep my eyes off the ring. i had to put it in my pocket until i got home. i ordered the ring on the 30th of november and i received it today.  whoosh..... there are not enough words to express how beautiful my ring is and how wonderful i think dnl is. please thank rachel for me and whoever created my ring.  i am doing everything i can, short of screaming it from the rooftops, to let everyone know about your company. i plan on taking by my credit union so all the ladies there can see it.  god bless you and everyone there.” -pamela h., united states sent: monday, december 03, 2007 1:16pm “hi ms. mary beth, i am so sorry for taking so long to contact you. i am still smiling from ear to ear because of the joy my fiancee still has from the day i gave the ring to her. it was a delightful day (right after the thanksgiving dinner) and she and her family are still elated about the experience. they've all dubbed that day their best thanksgiving ever. wow!!!!  so thanks to you for coming through with the delivery which i sacrificed and picked up myself that night after a change of plans. and thanks to diamond nexus labs for a gorgeous ring. everyone who's seen it has had an eye-popping and/or jaw-dropping reactions. and let's not forget about my fiancee's best friends shrill screams of joy on see the ring.  well, all that to say we are very pleased and pray that our love (and the rings brilliance/luster) lasts for our lifetimes.  feel free to use my comments as one of your testimonies. ps: wedding day is set for 9/15/2008.  thanks again. sincerely,” -ikechukwu e. & tamiko, united states sent: monday, december 03, 2007 10:38 am “hi jeron, i just signed for the rings, they arrived just in time for our event. they look wonderful, and also i wanted to say thank you for the most excellent customer service you and your company have provided you truly provided everything you promised.  thanks again,” -danny f., united states sent: saturday, december 01, 2007 1:05 pm “diamond nexus labs…i just received the earrings i ordered. i don't know if you intentionally held off on my order because i wanted them to be delivered while my wife was gone, which she was when they arrived. i have read all the testimonials but i was still a little skeptical until now. wow is all i can say, i think my exact words were ‘holy cow’ when i opened the beautiful presentation box. i know that my wife will absolutely love these earrings. your customer service should be the industry standard when dealing with a company. be looking for another order as i am totally satisfied with my purchase. please feel free in posting this on your website, and for anyone reading this and all the other testimonials all i can say is ‘do it’. place your order you will not be disappointed i can now guarantee it.  much thanks dnl......” -william f., united states sent: thursday, november 29, 2007 12:38 pm “hi mark, this will be the second marriage for both bill and i.  the first time i was married, i had 3, d color, vs1 stones in a ring (3cts. tw) and they were very eye catching….and very expensive….and sold for next to nothing after my divorce.  i was hopeful that your rings would look good, but i had no idea they were going to look this good!!  i am thrilled, and know enough about stones to know that no one is going to be able to tell they are simulants.  i think this is a wonderful solution to the high price of mined diamonds.   i searched on the internet for months, and bill and i read articles and talked about it for some time before we decided to go this route.  i think it’s a good practical decision for us, and i think as time goes on, more people will jump on the band wagon.   i would much rather put 30-50k into remodeling the kitchen that to wear it on my finger. thanks again for all your help!” -leah m., united states sent: thursday, november 29, 2007 9:07 am “hi, i just wanted to write to tell you how happy i am with my stunning new ring. i called to ask some questions before placing an order and received the nicest (and most helpful) service. it was so easy to find out what i wanted to know to help me make my choice. i decided to order the aphrodite.  when i opened the (beautiful) package and then the ring box i was floored. i live in nyc and frequently walk down 47th street in the diamond district and i can honestly say that this ring looks as beautiful as any i've ever seen in the windows. diamond nexus has spoiled me (in a good way.) i can't wait to buy my next piece. many thanks.  sincerely,” -elvira b., united states sent: monday, november 26, 2007 4:00 pm “dear diamond nexus labs…wow!!!!! thank you very much for my perfect engagement ring (i can’t stop looking at it). we brought the skylar ring from you a few weeks back. i was a bit reluctant due to the fact i couldn’t see it and your located in the usa. however, i couldn’t be happier with it. the delivery was very quick (about 2 ½ weeks). the packaging was just gorgeous. i will not hesitate to use you again. thank you again.” -rae & simon k., australia sent: sunday, november 25, 2007 4:31 pm “i just wanted to say thank you for shipping me such an amazing asscher diamond stone. i love it. i can't wait to get it put in a setting. you guys are the best!!!!” -nicole b., united states sent: wednesday, november 21, 2007 10:45 am “sami—i just wanted to let you know that i received the ring and it is absolutely beautiful, i really can't wait to give it to my girlfriend. i wanted to say thank you for everything you did, you made the ordering process easy and very comfortable. i will most definitely do business with diamond nexus again based on your behalf. please let your supervisor know how pleased i am with your service.  thank you,” -lisa p., united states sent: tuesday, november 20, 2007 10:51 pm “please forward to those in charge:  thank you for a wonderful product, we wish you all a prosperous holiday season.  from very satisfied customers,” -joseph & connie i., united states sent: thursday, november 22, 2007 12:11 pm “hi my name is rebecca s. from australia. i am writing to you to thank you for my diamond engagement ring and stud diamond earrings.  i have been searching for a engagement ring for over a year and finally found the ring i love on your website. thank god it was at a reasonable price.  i love it. i received the ring today and have already showed most of my friends and they have no idea that it is not a real diamond. they all think the ring is worth about $25,000 which is fantastic. the make of the ring is fantastic, the craftsmanship is great (that was one thing i was really scared of, with buying over the internet).  all i would like to say is thank you, i love it.  thankfully,” -rebecca s., australia sent: sunday, november 18, 2007 7:07 pm “dear diamond nexus:  i received my ring today, and it is gorgeous!!!  having never heard of your lab before, i was anxious about my purchase.  however, all anxiety has disappeared and i love my ring. who needs a $39,000 diamond, with this quality and guarantee available.  i will certainly order from you again.  thank you…” -nancy c., united states sent: thursday, november 15, 2007 4:34 pm “i have just received my 2 ct solitaire in a tiffany setting.  wow!!  i work part time for a nationally known jewelry store and i have to say that this ring looks so real that i fooled all the girls i work with.  they wondered why i didn't purchase the ring from the store. (we get a great discount) i came up with a wonderful story and they were none the wiser.  i am very grateful for the fast shipping, however, i am a little scared that soon i will be out of a job once word spreads of your nexus diamonds :)  can't wait to purchase again.  diamond studs are next. sincerely,” -dana z., united states sent: wednesday, november 14, 2007 8:51 pm ”i've just rec'd the martini-set round cut stud earrings .46 carats each.  they are beautiful!!!!  i'm blown away, really.  if you gaze straight on at a valuable diamond it will look like it is made of liquid.  i don't know what this property is technically, but the diamonds you sent me have that quality—they look liquid.  the light coming from them actually makes me blink it is so bright.  i have never seen fire from real diamonds like these. because i've never seen a perfect diamond before, i know.  i showed my friend the earrings, he said ‘i'm getting my wife some’, and he will be calling you.  i'm buying more from you, soon.  thanks for the perfection. they're perfect. i don't know what else to say, except they are perfect.” -stan h., united states sent: wednesday, november 14, 2007 12:43 pm “just a quick note to say how happy i am with your service and products. on both occasions i have purchased stones they have been dispatched and received in very quick time. i hope these stones keep their appearance in the long term as they are spectacular now.  regards,” -john k., australia sent: monday, november 12, 2007 9:29 pm “i want to communicate my complete satisfaction with your company.  the product (anniversary band) my wife received was as advertised, in a word, beautiful.  i was a bit late in securing a 10 year anniversary gift for my wife, and dnl was able to get me the ring i needed on short notice.  realizing i had requested the wrong size, the replacement process was easy and my customer service representative even delivered the new ring in person!  i suspect you hear this type of testimonial on a regular basis, quality and customer service don’t happen by accident.  i will be buying some earrings for my wife this christmas, and, expect to purchase a number of items for various charity related auctions i am involved with in the coming months.  i have provided your website to a number of friends who have either purchased or are planning on purchasing in the near future.  i look forward to my next purchase, thanks.” -david b., united statessent: monday, november 12, 2007 2:13 pm “hi justin:  i have meaning to write to tell you just how pleased with my stud earrings.  they are simply fabulous and the delivery service was excellent.  they are so heavy that they were hurting my ears but when i called and spoke with mark he sent out plastic shields which were delivered the next day…unbelievable and to boot they solved my problem.  i certainly will be ordering again.  regards,” -jan m., united states sent: saturday, november 10, 2007 11:25 am “hello, it is not often that i go out of my way to let a company know how satisfied i am with their product, but i was so impressed with your company that i just had to let you know. i ordered a 1.24 carat, asscher cut solitaire diamond ring from your company last month.  not only did you ship the item for free but it arrived much sooner than promised.  when i opened the box, i found the ring to be beautifully packaged and there was even a complimentary box of godiva chocolates (my favorite).  at this point i was already extremely satisfied with your company.  then i opened the small box containing the ring itself and i was absolutely floored.  the ring was positively stunning, even more beautiful than i expected.  my only regret was that i didn't order a bigger diamond.  from now on i am buying all of my fine jewelry through your company.  your attention to detail and commitment to quality have made a lifetime customer out of me.  thank so much!  sincerely,” -samantha w., united states sent: saturday, november 10, 2007 9:38 am “hello! i just want to let you know that i received my ring this evening ... and can i just tell you that the pictures on your site do no justice to the ring itself! the cold as ice ring is absolutely stunning! it catches light with such brilliance ... i am just overwhelmed! thank you so much! you have a customer for life!” -katelyn & xavier s., united states sent: friday, november 09, 2007 10:24 pm “dear chris:  wow!!  i got my rapture ring today and i am so excited i could cry!  this is a birthday present from the hubby and of course i ordered it myself to get what i wanted, i can’t wait to have him see it!  i was so excited i just called and ordered an eternity ring to compliment the ring, morning star.  can’t wait to get that.  i truly feel that your company is the ‘diamond in the rough’.  i will definitely be a return customer.  thanks again, tami” -tamela g., united states sent: friday, november 09, 2007 1:45 pm “thank you so much chris,  i have received my ring today and what i can say it was absolutley amazing…more than what i was expecting, i am lost for words. chris, first of all i would like to thank you for your patience and your advice choosing what i needed, i have never seen such excellent service and communication…i love the presentation of the ring. i am so happy and definitely will be buying more. my husband said i have never seen you so excited…and i was.  thank you!” -m. v. r., australia sent: wednesday, november 07, 2007 4:10 pm “hi chris:  received your card in the mail-just wanted to follow up with you.  i love the ring!  it is nicer than i was expecting help it‘s beautiful and the packaging was as if i had purchased a genuine diamond ring from you all.  plus the chocolates were a nice surprise!  also, a catalog was enclosed, which is wonderful!  thank you!” -mary m., united states sent: tuesday, november 06, 2007 1:39 pm “mark, i was able to get home last weekend and got your letter.  thanks for all the help through out and i remember now that you also called and i forgot to return the call.  but to let you know, we are both really pleased with the quality of the ring and the service you have provided us.  we have been recommending diamond nexus to a number of our other friends who are considering engagement soon as well, so hopefully we will throw more business your way.  again thanks for your work and we are both very happy with what you were able to provide us with (she said yes as well which made it nice, i’m pretty sure it was more then just the diamonds, but id have to say that helped).  have a good one,” -matt s., united states sent: tuesday, november 06, 2007 10:28 am “all i can say is impressive.  thank you for such wonderful service, i could not ask or expect more from a company!” -mario m., united states sent: tuesday, november 06, 2007 10:08 am “mark, my wife and i would like to express our gratitude for the beautiful ring.  it was more then we expected.  it is impossible to tell the difference between my wife's diamond ring and the nexus diamond.  the craftsmanship and quality of the ring and the mounting is beyond reproach.  we will be purchasing from diamond nexus labs again in the near future.  thank you for answering all our questions and affording us the opportunity to own such a fine piece of jewelry.  mark, again thank you for all your help and it was a pleasure talking with you.  sincerely,” -michael and nancy r., united states sent: monday, november 05, 2007 6:51 pm “hi chris, thank you for shipping the rings to me, they arrived on oct. 31.  what a treat for halloween and an early birthday surprise!  they are beautiful and better than expected.  i am enjoying them. the godiva chocolates are a nice touch.  mahalo (thank you in hawaiian),” -katy k., united states sent: friday, november 02, 2007 2:31 pm “mark, i returned my mother's rejected lucretia to exchange it for champagne & whispers for myself.  c&w just arrived.  it's stunning, a perfect style for me.  the photos in the catalog and on the website don't begin to do it justice.  i appreciate all your help with the band width in making my selection.  have a great weekend.” -joyce c., united states sent: friday, november 02, 2007 11:51 am “mark, i received the ring this morning.  thank you very much for your assistance and quick delivery of the ring. it is very beautiful and very well made.  thank you again.  regards,” -chris c., united statessent: wednesday, october 31, 2007 11:16 am “hi jeron, i received delivery of my  2.04 carat "speak softly" pendent yesterday and just wanted to thank you. it's absolutely beautiful—beyond what i expected.  many thanks eileen.” -courtney, united states sent: wednesday, october 17, 2007 12:45 am “first of all chris, thank you, the earrings are truly beautiful delicate looking!! (for ever day where) :>) my b-day gift to self..........the presentation was magnificent, and of course us ladies love chocolate.... (marketing   :>))  i am a customer for good but looking for larges stones in the new year.  it‘s nice to be dealing with an reputable company that really has proved reduplicating diamonds......once again chris "thanks" for helping me through my purchase !! speak with ya soon........” -lynn d.. united states sent: tuesday, october 16, 2007 12:31 pm “thank you.  that was the best experience ever!  love the new piece, too.” -linda s., united states sent: friday, october 12, 2007 9:39 am “mark, i received the ring i am going to propose to my girlfriend with today.  all i can say is amazing!  believe it or not, i was referred to you by my future fiancé, as she is just as cost aware as i am.  we are also aware of the many pitfalls of buying mined diamonds.  this ring sparkles, stands out, and makes ‘real’ diamonds look dirty.  great job, start to finish.  i am sure she will be very pleased with it when i get down on a knee with it this saturday.  once again, thanks for the quick and professional service.  you guys are just flat out unbelievable!  with heartfelt gratitude,” -lee w., united states sent: thursday, october 04, 2007 4:51 pm “hello diamond nexus labs:  i just wanted to write and tell you how much i enjoy your products.  i bought a 1ct. marquis stone and had you mount it and my wife loves it!  this stone was for an anniversary ring that i was creating to take the place of our original wedding band that was lost some time ago.  your customer service has been outstanding and communication between us has been excellent!  there has been no time during this whole process in which i felt like ‘just a customer.’  thank you.  thank you thank you, i am the kind of person that refers people that refers people to businesses that treat people with respect and gives excellent customer service. i will definitely be referring people to diamond nexus labs.  i will be a diamond nexus labs customer for life! sincerely,” -craig h., united states sent: wednesday, october 03, 2007 9:18 am “i just received my .84 carat solitaire ring today and it is stunning!  i purposely cleaned and brought along my .60 natural diamond wedding ring and the diamond nexus ring absolutely beats my natural diamond ring in clarity, color, sparkle, and overall "wow" factor.  i am extremely impressed.  thank you for such a fabulous and affordable alternative to mined natural diamonds.  i will be adding pieces in the near future.” -cara f., united states sent: tuesday, october 02, 2007 8:13 pm “this ring is perfect.  please tell justin i appreciate his time and interest, i'm so happy i could cry.  give me another two days to collect myself and i'll post a more reasonable positive reaction...or maybe i won't...women understand crying...” -eileen u., united statessent: tuesday, october 02, 2007 11:52 am “i received the 1.74 carat emerald cut solitaire yesterday that i had previously purchased  and wished to leave this feed back but was not sure were to post it...first and foremost it was absolutely beautiful! i did lot's and lot's of research on man-made diamonds prior to my purchase and everything i read about your company were all on a positive note! so i went ahead and ordered it with very short notice due to a time crunch of a wedding date. the ring made it here 2 days before the day it was promised to us by! and i was blown away by how impressive the appearance of it is! i would definitely purchase from your company again i had great customer service and great product...thanks so much for your help!” -corey t., united states sent: thursday, september 27, 2007 9:29 pm “hi, i just want to thank you for another excellent service that you give me.  you guys are simply the best!  your excellent service and outstanding products really gives your customer the most comfortable shopping experience on the net. this will get them to come back for more. thank you so much for helping me on my order and.... keep up the good work!!!” -lim o., united states sent: monday, september 24, 2007 11:09 am “hi there, i have just received the ring i ordered from you and am really pleased with what i have received. its got to be said that i was very skeptical about the simulated diamond as any i have seen elsewhere have looked a bit cheap and bad quality, and as someone who has shopped online for some time i know that its very easy to make products look better than they really are in a photograph so thought it a bit of a risk ordering such a thing from a website, especially since i live in the uk. but i have to admit, gladly that i was wrong, the ring is more stunning than i ever thought it would be, and is so beautiful.  you have no idea how happy this is going to make my girlfriend when she sees it, i even got a phone call at work from diamond nexus to check with me as dhl couldn’t deliver to me for a few days (had to pick up myself, but a small price to pay).  so all in all, a very fast service, good touch of customer care which is lacking these days in the world of internet shopping, and an outstanding ring.  thank you, seriously for the memory of the look on my girlfriends face that i know she is going to have when she sees this (she is going to cry, there may be a scene, all i need to do is buy her some waterproof mascara to minimize the damage) so please feel free to list this mail on the customer feedback page of your website, and anyone who reads this please never buy a real diamond again!!!! they are unethical and over rated, buy from diamond nexus, u will not be disappointed, i wasn’t even from half way across the planet.  thank you, and know i will definitely be a returning customer in the very near future.  thanks again.” -ray m., united kingdom sent: saturday, september 22, 2007 9:33 am “i love things like this. nothing makes me happier than to be able to get around the diamond cartel, and still have the diamonds. i have no payments to make! it is a done deal. cash on the barrel, and walk away.  you should have seen the confused looks on the faces of the people at dallas gold and silver. they couldn't figure out what it was they were seeing in their loops. and the way they came back to us with the claim that they were cz's was interesting. i told them that the stones are real, and the response was, ‘oh, then these are very clean diamonds?’  i said, ‘yes.’  they went back to look at it again, and came back saying that they tested them and they are cz's. they told me that they could not resize the rings, because it would crack them. i told them to go ahead and resize. none of them will crack.  we left the store to go get lunch, and 20 minutes later it was resized...perfect fit. i could not resist. i had to tell them. i told them that the diamonds are flawless, perfectly flawless, perfect in every way, because they are manufactured.  they then asked where i got them. one of them commented that when looking at them through the loop, they were brilliant just like a diamond, but way too clean. i had the distinct impression that they had never seen anything like this before, and picked up some concerned expressions from a few of them. i walked out of that store with a huge grin. what a great feeling!” -greg t., united states sent: saturday, september 22, 2007 5:48 am “diamond nexus labs,  whee doggies!!! i received the earrings i ordered from you today.  i was stunned.  i have ordered numerous diamond stimulant jewelry from shopnbc, qvc, etc. but none of these products could hold a candle to the earrings that i purchased from diamond nexus labs.  i loved the presentation of my diamond nexus labs creation, princess royal collection asscher cut stud earrings, tension backs--3.92 carats.  the earrings were delivered in only 4 days time and i am certainly going to order from you again.  the presentation box was over the top and to say the least, extraordinary.  i have spent thousands of dollars at tiffany's for gifts for my wife and what i purchased diamond nexus labs is far superior in appearance and workmanship.  your customer service should be the hallmark for the jewelry industry. sincerely,” -michael c., united states sent: sunday, september 16, 2007 5:57 am “i received my ring yesterday.  it is absolutely stunning!!!! thank you so much.  i will send other people your way.” -mary j., united statessent: saturday, september 08, 2007 7:12 am “dear diamond nexus labs, received my beautiful martini round studs yesterday. they are so lovely. now i know how dorothy felt when glinda put the ruby slippers on her feet! mine just went in my ears.  lucky me, they arrived on my day off. and even though i only went out to buy cat food, i felt ever so glamorous doing it!  thanks again,” -lisa p., united states sent: wednesday, august 29, 2007 10:48 am “hi, chris...i just wanted to send you a short email to thank you for assisting me with the design of my solitaire nexus ring.  i received it this week and it‘s just gorgeous.  i'm very, very pleased with the final outcome. your input was extremely helpful to me.  i don't think it would have turned out as well without it.  please pass this email on to your supervisor. he/she should know what a great asset you are to diamond nexus labs.  i'll call you again when i figure out what my next ‘sparkler’ will be!  thanks again!  kind regards,” -laurie d., united states sent: saturday, august 25, 2007 11:29 am “dear diamond nexus labs, as a former fine jewelry designer, i must tell you how much i love my engagement ring! my past career has marked me as a person of champagne taste but now have a beer budget. i love the look of diamonds but am uncomfortable with conflict gemstones and know the darker side of the diamond industry all too well. now that i am getting married i can have the ring of my dreams and have a happy bank account and clear conscience as well. as much as i loved the look of my ring on the web site nothing prepared me for how beautiful it is on my hand. i can't stop looking at it. for anyone out there who is wondering if this is a great deal or not...wonder no more!  thanks very much, satisfied customer,” -natalie m., united states sent: monday, august 27, 2007 2:06 pm “hello kay, i just wanted to thank you again for all your help! you have been wonderful in assisting me on obtaining a custom wedding band.  it came just in time for my bridal shower thanks to you!! several of my husband’s cousins drove several hours to come out to the shower and it made it all that much better when they saw my beautiful ring.  i will be sure to tell all i know of the great customer service that dnl provides for their customers.  have a great day!” -melisa c., united states sent: friday, august 24, 2007 10:52 am “thank you for your quick response to my dilemma.  i received my ring and it‘s beautiful!  thanx again.” -cheryl d., united states sent: thursday, august 23, 2007 6:18 am “dear diamond nexus labs, i want to thank you very much for the beautiful ring and the very prompt delivery.   i am looking forward to future transactions with you.” -david s., united states sent: tuesday, august 21, 2007 9:39 am “hello to whom it may concern,  i have received the nexus diamond......wow..!!!  thank you very much for the prompt and efficient service; i shall be a return customer…regards,” -kym b., united states sent: tuesday, august 21, 2007 2:07 am “hello, i received my ring about 2 weeks ago...i just wanted you to know that it‘s soooo beautiful!  i took it to a jewelry store to get it re-sized and they couldn't tell the difference.  it was money well spent!  i will definitely buy from you again!” -winnie c., united states sent: sunday, august 19, 2007 8:39 pm “thank you very much.  by the way your customer service is wonderful.” -enis l., united states sent: friday, august 17, 2007 4:12 pm “hi justin, wanted to thank you personally as well for your cooperation and prompt response in dealing with my issue.” -rachel m., united states sent: monday, august 20, 2007 9:57 am “the ring is unbelievably beautiful. she said yes. thank you.” -jonathan s., united statessent: tuesday, august 11, 2007 8:47 am "hi, i just want to thank you for the outstanding customer service and follow-up. my daughter lost one of the backs for her earrings so i sent and email to customer service and got a response from jeron within five minutes. i called him back and he had replacement backs on the way almost immediately. thank you for your fantastic jewelry and exceptional customer support. i will definitely be a repeat customer.  thank again!" -dwight s., united states sent: friday, august 10, 2007 8:02 pm "thank you, chris for your prompt reply. your designs certainly are beautiful, and offer a nice alternative to natural gems." -lisa w., united states sent: wednesday, august 08, 2007 7:39 am "chris, thank you so much.  i read all of the customer feedback that is posted on your website, and now i can see why everyone was so impressed.  thank you so much! i can't wait to receive the ring!  have a fantastic day!" -tristin f., united states sent: wednesday, august 08, 2007 12:33 pm "dear kay, the pendant is beautiful. diamond nexus has the finest quality jewelry. i couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.  thank you for your time and effort.  regards," -pat b., united states sent: tuesday, august 07, 2007 12:01 pm "my name is richard x…just wanted to let you know that my fiancé and i are elated with the purchase of our ring!!  i use to buy a lot of jewelry from tiffany & co. but they can forget it now!! i found new love with diamond nexus!!! words can't explain the feeling that i have about your company.  we ordered the tiffany set emerald cut 1.06 carat and wow!!!  i am so amazed about this ring. thank you so much diamond nexus. until next time, i will definitely order from you guys in the near future...xmas is coming!!  lol!!  thank you so much," -richard x., united states sent: monday, august 06, 2007 6:30 pm "jeron, just wanted to let you know i received the diamond nexus stone i ordered, a brilliant cut round approx. .84 carrats.  i needed it to replace a stone in a mans ring which i had made several years ago using an old diamond i had inherited but it was not of good quality and quite flawed.  took it to my local jeweler and had it reset.  the stone fix perfectly. he knew i was doing this since i had made arrangements with him previously to make sure he would set the stone.  when i brought it in i had him check the stone, which he did with his loop at first.  he had a very hard time determining if it was a real diamond or a diamond nexus!  he was quite impressed with the quality, color and cut. using his diamond laser he was only then able to determine it was not real.  stone was set and i must say it looks great!  thank you for all the information you gave me about your stones before i purchased it and i am really glad i used your company for this purchase and not a cheap [imitation]!  best," -fred g., united states sent: saturday, august 04, 2007 7:36 am "thanks for the quick reply. thanks so much you have awesome customer service. the best i have had in a long time!" -katie t., united states sent: tuesday, july 31, 2007 2:42 pm "dear miss. munkwitz…it is beautiful, high quality, and best of all it serves as a reminder that there are people out there in the world that believe in love stories! we are eternally grateful for your sincerity.  i have been a long time admirer of your company and knew that when we could afford to purchase a ring i wanted to do business with diamond nexus labs, and please be assured that when it comes time for us to purchase a wedding band we will return to you! i wear my ring proudly and without guilt because i know with certainty that it was created under ethical conditions by true craftsmen.  sincerely," -nora b., united states sent: monday, july 30, 2007 11:07 pm "dear chris, i received my ring today and i have to thank you so much.  this is truly one of the prettiest rings i have ever seen, 100,000 year old diamond or not.  i don't think anyone would be able to tell the difference, and the setting is exquisite.  my husband already has instructions to order me a necklace and earrings for christmas!  i appreciate the little touches ... thank you card, beautiful cherry wood type ring box, godiva chocolate sample!  your company has won my heart!  thank you for your wonderful customer service.  you have absolutely received a repeat customer for life!!!  sincerely," -lechele c., united states sent: monday, july 30, 2007 10:44 pm "when my fiancé and i started ring shopping, he and i went to a number of jewelry stores to look at diamond rings.  but, i couldn't justify asking him to spend $10,000 on a ring with a flawed stone.  plus, the diamond industry is so corrupt it seemed inappropriate to wear one as a symbol of our love and commitment. i'd heard about lab created stones before and so i started doing some research.  after finding your website, i couldn't believe how affordable your prices were.  i picked out the ring i wanted, and my fiancé took care of ordering it (and surprising me with a proposal:-)).  i have to say that i was really skeptical when i picked out my 1.25c princess cut solitaire. i was worried it would look fake and tacky.  when he proposed, i was blown away!  the ring is flawless.  everyone who i show it to is amazed.  i am routinely told things like "that is the most brilliant diamond i've ever seen" and "that ring must have cost a fortune."  my best friend is also engaged, and i told her about diamond nexus labs, so she and her fiancé are going to buy her wedding band from you.  i can not say enough about your product.  everyone should own a diamond nexus labs stone! thanks!!" -amy c., united states sent: monday, july 30, 2007 5:22 pm "first of all, i want to tell you how beautiful my ring is.  when my fiancé and i decided we wanted to get married, the money for the type of ring i wanted wasn't there.  i was disappointed until i found your website.  i browsed and found several i loved.  i shared the website with my fiancé about a month ago and this past saturday he popped the question.  my ring is gorgeous!!!  we even went to look at men's rings at several local jewelers on sunday and in almost every store, the first words out of the ladies mouths were "your ring is beautiful!!"  that really put both of our minds at ease that we had made the right decision.  i got online this morning and priced the exact ring i got with "the real thing" and it would have cost my fiancé close to $14,000 to get a fair quality of what i now i have on my finger.   i can't get over how my ring shines and everyone is just amazed.  i can't wait to do more business with you!!!!" -emily l., united states sent: monday, july 30, 2007 1:06 pm "hey kay..............you guys are a pleasure to work with...... i've used a local goldsmith over the years, who is good.....but to find a company on the net, that delivers such great and friendly service over the net and the phone...wow that is great…….thanks again kay....really, a pleasure to work with you all... and definitely recommending dnl to friends. thanks." -fred j., united states sent: saturday, july 28, 2007 2:00 pm "thank you for your time... i received the ring, once again it is very sweet i love it. and i'm sure other people who will see it now will say the save very happy and i hope it stays that way thank you very much it made my day.... i will pass on the word and i do have a big mouth," -theresa m., united states sent: friday, july 27, 2007 3:46 am "marybeth, i forgot to write back after i received the ring. it is beautiful and i am very pleased! thank you very much!" -kim p., united states sent: sunday, july 22, 2007 5:43 pm "to whom it may concern,  i am bursting at the seams wanting to let someone at your company know how thrilled i am and in awe of my new solitaire.  thank you so much for being such a pleasure to deal with and giving me the old fashioned service i thought was a thing of the past.   i have already ordered my second ring and hope to add many more pieces in the future. sincerely," -deborah h., united states sent: friday, july 20, 2007 12:12 pm "order was picked up yesterday due to a problem with courier this end.  thank you for a faultless service, excellent packaging and a brilliant product. i am sure we will order again. regards," -graham d., united states sent: wednesday, july 18, 2007 7:34 pm "thank you so much the rings were absolutely perfect and more beautiful than we even imagined. what a blessing." -wes and kathy s., united states sent: tuesday, july 17, 2007 3:50 pm "mary beth, i got the ring...beautiful....thanks." -shaun b., united states sent: saturday, july 14, 2007 4:36 pm "hi, i just wanted to say that i received my french quarter lady with 1.03 carat stone today, along with the asscher cut studs.  the ring is absolutely gorgeous - your online photo did not do it justice - and it fits perfectly. since this is to be my wedding ring, i am especially pleased at the excellent craftsmanship and the dazzling sparkle. the stud earrings are also very beautiful, and i find that i like the asscher cut so much, that the next ring i buy will have an asscher in it, too. and by the way, thanks for getting my ring to me a week ahead of the time quoted to me!!  sincerely," -nira m., united states sent: friday, july 13, 2007 1:02 pm "i want to thank you for the help you have given me during my ring purchase. i made mistakes in my order, but your people were extremely helpful and understanding. everyone went out of their way to help me. i wanted to say thank you, and i hope my ring will be as nice as the service you provided." -cliff t., united states sent: tuesday, july 10, 2007 11:16 am "hi marybeth, proposed to liza on saturday and she was blown away with the ring. it was exactly how she dreamed it would be. thank you once again on making a dream come true." -michael e., united states sent: monday, july 09, 2007 1:25 pm "hi kay: just wanted to thank you for your efforts to get my wife's tennis bracelet to las vegas. she loved it and i think it is quite beautiful.  once again thank you and look forward to working with you in the future." -parag m., united states sent: thursday, june 28, 2007 12:25 pm "dear dn, i had my new gorgeous [custom] nexuses set with a tanzanite and it is amazing.  if it looks this good after a year of wear i'll definitely be looking for more of your perfect stones.  thanks." -glen r., united states sent: thursday, june 28, 2007 11:54 am "i just received the french quarter lady, my fiancée love the ring it absolutely beautifully, but she feels the stone is to big (center stone 2.04ct). is it possible to send it back and change the stone size to a 1.67ct.  thank you," -alex g., united states sent: wednesday, june 27, 2007 7:16 am "i have just received the cardiff ring that i ordered.  it is 2.43 carats.  i really love it.  now i want a band to go with it." -karen m., united states sent: tuesday, june 26, 2007 9:39 pm "justin, first, thank you for your fast response and the care and consideration that you have put into this matter.  when i decided to do business with you guys i knew the professionalism and care that would be put into my jewelry.  that’s why i chose you.  my expectations were set high because of the confidence i had in you." -katherine p., united states sent: thursday, june 21, 2007 1:11 pm "sorry, but i ordered a ring back in feb from your company and never sent in any feedback for you to put on your site. i'd like to do so now, if possible, as i was one of those wary people who was afraid to see what was in that little jewelry box. i was so surprised, though!  my fiancé and i spent 3 months searching for rings at a very popular jewelry store falling at the end of the alphabet. my dream ring was a 1.5 carat tiffany setting solitaire, but with the clarity and color that i wanted, it was going to set my man back about $9000. i loved it, though, and couldn't get my mind off of it. before he had the chance to get the ring, we found out he was going to get sent back overseas for a military tour for a year. this completely ruined any plans we had about getting engaged and married within a year and a half, and there was no way that he could buy my dream ring in time. i was actually the one that found your site and picked out my ring...the 1.03 ct tiffany-set solitaire. i was so scared about wasting the money on something that was obviously fake. i read all of the feedback from the 6 months prior, and after a few days of considering it, my fiancé called and ordered the ring. we figured we could always reverse the credit card payment if anything happened. (we were very suspicious, although now we realize it was silly). we got the ring on a friday afternoon, and cautiously opened the box. (the godiva was delightful, by the way. thanks!) inside this beautiful jewelry box was the most beautiful, sparkly ring i had ever laid eyes on. he wouldn't let me wear it until he properly proposed, but on our road trip that was planned for that weekend, i kept sneaking it onto my finger to see the light hit it. i have been wearing this ring for 4 months and 20 days now, and it looks as amazing as that day that we opened the box in my kitchen. i get compliments every single day (no kidding!) from friends, family, and even a woman at that same jewelry store we had planned to buy from (the irony, huh?). i love my ring, and i plan on buying myself some solitaire earrings from your company in the near future. we originally decided to replace your stone with a real one once he returned home from his deployment, but now i've decided i don't want to. (why worry about losing it or wasting that much money on a little stone?) i will keep my man-made stone forever, and it means as much to me as any $9000 diamond ever could. thank you for giving me a chance to have my dream ring." -nichole s., united states sent: tuesday, june 26, 2007 2:20 am "dear diamond nexus. hello, i hope you are having a great day! first, i would like you to know what i felt when i opened the box and was overwhelmed by the ring’s beauty. i ordered the diamond diva (ladies cocktail/engagement ring). i was surprised that the surrounding stones where as large as they are.  the quality of the center stone is gorgeous!!! i appreciate your ability to change the round stone, as shown, to a princess stone with the peg exactly the height i wanted. i hope to order the matching band soon. the packaging was adorable. arriving with a box of chocolates and a thank you note from the company was precious. i have dealt with ziamond and their standards fall extremely short of yours.  not only in quality, packaging, but ziamond’s customer service was horrible.  i wear my diamond nexus ring and get so many compliments!  when you see my real 1.13 round carat diamond next to my diamond nexus ~ you can not tell the difference!  your company is fabulous... excellent in from the moment i spoke with paul to receiving your product.  sincerely," -patricia j., united states sent: tuesday, june 19, 2007 2:38 pm "i gladly completed the survey as i love my diamond- even my diamond broker was impressed by it…he said it was completely believable." -stacy h., united states sent: monday, june 18, 2007 7:47 pm "thanks so much!  i got my ring today.  it's beautiful!!  the metal looks so white and silvery. it even looks nice next to my platinum band. thanks again," -abryana k., united states sent: monday, june 18, 2007 3:30 pm "just wanted to say 'thank you'.  i was very skeptical about this whole simulated diamond concept.  let me tell you how pleased i am with the quality. this is the closest to a real diamond i have ever seen. it is not yellowish in color as is moissanite and is not blurry like the absolute stones. thank you again." -pat z., united states sent: sunday, june 17, 2007 1:47 pm "i am writing to let you know what an amazing job you have done! almost too good to be true! you have just created i am sure another customer for life! i would like nothing more than to have every diamond i wear created by you.  in shock," -sabrina o., united states sent: saturday, june 16, 2007 5:02 pm "hi, looking forward to receiving the earrings.  ps-i'm very satisfied with the diamond studs that i had received in the first shipment. they are beautiful." -a. l., united states sent: friday, june 15, 2007 2:35 pm "jeremy, thank you!  i will be giving it to her in the next week or so and if it is too small i will let you know.  again, thank you so much for all your help and the ring is absolutely amazing!" -mark d., united states sent: thursday, june 14, 2007 6:09 pm "hello jeremy, thank you so much for the pictures as well as the information you provided, both are extremely helpful and we appreciate it. i can not wait to get my new ring, and i will be sure to keep the paperwork that comes with it so we can order the band if need be! a million thanks!!!" -lisa m., united states sent: wednesday, june 13, 2007 12:55 pm "i ordered the 'first love' ring from your company a few weeks ago...i was scared about the quality i would be getting.  i guess i was like a lot of your first time customers, still hung up on the it‘s -not-really-a-diamond' thing...well, let me say you have made a believer out of me!!!  i have never seen a more beautiful stone in my life!!!  i have never seen a diamond or moissanite or any other 'precious' stone that can even come close to the beauty of this one!!!  i am so excited that there is finally an economical and sensible alternative to the overpriced, overvalued, overplayed, over-emphasized, over-exaggerated, over-the-top diamond business!!!  thank you so much for making this product available to me...i will definitely be shopping with you again!!!  respectfully yours," -doris c., united states sent: monday, june 11, 2007 1:22 am "i just wanted to let you know that i received my order today and i can't tell you how happy i am with it.  i ordered a 1.03 ct solitaire and it is breathtaking. i can't take my eyes off it and i am so thrilled. i own nice diamond jewelry but this leaves it in the dark. the ring is just perfect and i will always treasure it and enjoy it. the service i received from diamond nexus has been flawless, and my ring arrived in the most beautiful packaging.  i can't wait to order from you again, it has been my pleasure .your jewelry is stunning. thank you." -lisa h., united states sent: sunday, june 10, 2007 8:08 pm "dear diamond nexus!  i just received my first purchase of a ring from your company and am amazed at your product. i was not expecting the beauty of the stone as well as the craftsmanship and quality of the setting. please count me as a loyal customer. i showed the ring to a young couple who are looking for their wedding set, but have little money at this time. they will be contacting your company soon because, with your product, they can actually afford custom work. thank you so much." -t.a.m., united states sent: saturday, june 09, 2007 10:15 am "i was trying to put in a catalog request, but i am not sure it went through??? here is my info if you could please send me a catalog or a few if you have extra. the one you sent me with my order is being passed around among my friends....they are soooo jealous of my gorgeous devon bracelet and the 3 carat earrings. and they all plan on placing an order with you if they haven't already :)  i am going to place another order with you very soon....i am going to order a wedding band and engagement ring and put my real diamond ones away for my children when they get older.  thanks so kindly....see you all soon! cheers!" -melissa l., united states sent: friday, june 08, 2007 9:37 pm "hi jeremy!  thank you very much for sending me those photos!  you truly went above and beyond and i appreciate it!  i have to say i am really impressed with your customer service thus far.  i recently purchased a dnl tiffany solitaire from you guys and i sent it back for a full refund...not because of the piece itself, but because i wanted something a bit larger and i am still undecided on which setting i want.  you have been completely great about everything and not only did you give me a full credit back for my purchase, but you actually issued the credit on the same day that you received the ring back from me!!!  i was especially impressed on how fast you credited my account because you didn't receive the ring until 2:00 p.m. that same afternoon!  i will be ordering again before the week's out, but i wanted to thank you again for all of your help and congratulate you on amazing customer service!" -reenie r., united states sent: thursday, june 07, 2007 7:13 pm "thank you so much for the prompt service, the packaging was divine and the chocolates a lovely thought.  my ring is beautiful, and i will be back for some other items soon…" -judi w., united states sent: thursday, june 07, 2007 10:22 am "thank you for your correspondence, jeremy, and feel free to use any of my words as feedback on your site. after all, i know i wouldn’t have purchased my diamond had i not read the responses of others. i’m glad you had it up for all to see. keep up the great work!  my best," -kate a., united states sent: wednesday, june 06, 2007 9:51 pm "i received my ring this morning and what a beautiful surprise! yes, i ordered it so i knew it was coming, but i was thrilled to open the box and see a catalog, pretty ribbons and colors and boxes and godiva too! my ring is almost too perfect if that's possible; it'll take me a few days to not feel like my ring is too flashy for me, ha! my husband helped me pick it out since it‘s a replacement for a diamond engagement ring i lost a year ago, plus since we've been married a few years it doubles as an anniversary ring.  i'll always wish i still had my original diamond ring because my husband picked it out and proposed to me and i loved it, but this lab-created ring has more 'wow!' factor.  now i'm thinking a pair of earrings would go nicely with this ring.... and i have a catalog to browse through, how convenient! ;-) take care, thank you…" -tania d., united states sent: tuesday, june 05, 2007 11:39 pm "i am totally blown away! this ring even out does the 1 1/4 carat i was looking at kay jewelers, and i saved soooooo much money! i will be ordering again, i think i need earrings next. thank you diamond nexus for a beautiful ring to cherish for years." -sally v., united states sent: monday, june 04, 2007 8:15 pm "eleanor, today i received my loose stone, and it’s more beautiful than i imagined it could be. i immediately ran out to my jeweler who swapped my old stone for the new one on my lunch hour, and even he was impressed with the quality and cut! he said it was the finest quality man-made diamond he had ever seen. to fool a trained eye is something to be proud of. my real, heirloom diamond is tucked safe away in a safe deposit box, and i never thought i could find something that so closely resembles it. your work is understated. i hope i never have to replace this stone, but if i do – i’ll be back!  i will recommend you to my sisters, who also have heirloom diamonds awaiting their engagement rings. but other than that, i’m keeping your stones a secret!!!! sorry!  thank you for brightening up my life today.  regards," -kate r., united states sent: monday, june 04, 2007 4:44 pm "just wanted to let you know my wife got her earrings and was very happy with them. your presentation with the candy was very nice. the retail diamond industry in america has always bothered me with their pricing and methods. what most people don’t see is the other end of the line. a lot has been said lately about conflict diamonds. nobody talks about the living and work conditions of miners themselves in places like botswana and south africa. not to mention the fact that right now in the congo there are slaves being used to work the rivers for diamonds. many of these slaves are children; these slaves are fed by decimating any species of animal available for miles around, to include gorillas in ne congo. i have seen this with my own eyes. i spent 14 years in 3rd special forces group, a lot of the time in africa. now i work as a military contractor. last year i worked in rwanda and the congo. i have seen the diamond business from both ends. your alternative is a good one as far as i’m concerned. i’m working in iraq now, based in kuwait. i’d like to buy some loose stones and have custom work done here. i can’t justify buying diamonds so again, thanks for providing a very beautiful alternative. i haven’t seen those earrings myself but my wife was happy and that’s good enough for me. thanks. sincerely," -charlie j., kuwait/iraq/united states sent: monday, june 04, 2007 9:31 am "i recently made my first purchase of a nexus product. i must say the earrings ordered for my wife were everything your website promised.  she was delighted with them. and, although i was a bit tardy in placing the order for a valentine's day gift, you saw to it that it was delivered in ample time. thank you very much.  the packaging was also beautiful, multiple boxing, with bows, to say nothing of the godiva chocolates. you made me look very good. in this day and age one is unaccustomed to such excellence in product and service. my wife and i are 85. we have a 60th wedding anniversary in april. i cannot imagine that she has put up with me that long.  regards," -ray b., united states sent: saturday, june 02, 2007 1:01 pm "i had to write to say how thrilled i was to receive my fabulous diamond stud earrings yesterday, just a week after ordering them from the other side of the atlantic!!  the presentation was so stunning, i felt truly loved, even though they were a gift from myself. as a resident of the uk, this kind of service is utterly exceptional, as was the quality of the diamonds!  having read so many of the gushing testimonials prior to ordering, i felt sure i would not be joining their ranks—how wrong can you be!  being a woman of a certain age, i felt very brave having my ears pierced for the first time, and always said i would only do so for at least a carat in each ear—had i known that this was possible for the price i paid, i would i had done so much sooner. my next order, (for there will be many, many more orders) will be for considerably more than the 'one carat in each ear'.  the great thing is these diamonds are so totally ethical as well. i can't honestly say i am going to tell all my friends about you—not straight away at least—i just love knowing that they envy the jewelry!!  i can't even wear mine just yet, 6th march being the point when i can take out the studs with which my ears were pierced just 4 weeks ago.  i am already working on my custom made ring, being the present my husband will give me for my birthday—he is also totally in awe of your product.  for any others looking to order from the uk, all i can say is waste no more time—the sooner you order, the sooner you will be thrilled and delighted!  i'm off to eat my chocolates!  once again, many thanks and i will be in contact again very soon!!" -s.v.s., united kingdom sent: friday, june 01, 2007 12:49 pm "dear jeremy, i got my pomp & circumstance ring and i just love it!! it is as fiery and brilliant as my fever ring and i couldn't be any happier!! (well, that's not true, i could be a lot happier once i buy myself a princess diamond tennis bracelet!)-- i am so happy to have done business with your company, the customer service is incredible and so are the quality of your stones and you have a customer for life with me.  (i think i may tell my very best friend about you so when her husband wants to upgrade her tiny solitaire he can do so with a lot less money and a very beautiful stone!!) everyone else, including a jeweler that i work with thinks that all my pieces of jewelry from you are the 'real deal' and i intend to leave it as such!!  you are a very great employee of diamond nexus and i am so happy that you helped me to finally get the sparkly ring that i have wanted for my right hand. i love this ring!! it is everything i had hoped it would be.  god bless you and thank you so very much, i just got diagnosed with oral cancer and had to have a lesion removed as a result and have had one of the very worst days of my life and when dhl showed up with my ring and i opened the box, i couldn't help but smile and be happy! (thank you so very much sir)  have a super weekend!!" -amy w., united states sent: thursday, may 31, 2007 1:19 pm "kay—thank you for your help today on the phone. i’m looking forward to getting my new order. again, i want to tell you that i’m very impressed with the quality of your product and the packaging and presentation are superb! again thank you for your help and your thoughtful personal service—you were great!" -diane r., united states sent: wednesday, may 30, 2007 2:16 pm "kay, thank you for taking all the trouble to get us what i wanted!! i do so thank you!!  kay, a hundred million times, thank you. the diamond is beautiful, which means a great deal to me. you have been through a lot of hassle over this ring set, and you haven’t been ugly about it one time. thank you so much. i don’t know how much they are paying you, but it isn’t enough. you are a tremendous asset to dnl, and i sincerely hope they appreciate you for dealing with all this. thank you again from the bottom of my heart.  most sincerely, customer for life!" -phylissa g., united states sent: tuesday, may 29, 2007 8:26 pm "dear mr. marasco, i have come over with my family to join my sister eileen yates for thanksgiving. at this time she gave me the ring that you have worked on, replacing the center stone.  i am really delighted with the result. i know that it will give me a great deal of pleasure in years to come.  i would like to thank you for your attention and care.  kind regards," -margaret h., united states sent: monday, may 28, 2007 2:22 pm "justin, this did come through!!! thank you so much for all your time and effort you spent with me yesterday. you made this experience very pleasurable and you made me feel at ease doing business with a company i know little about. i am so excited to see the end result and cannot wait to happily wear my ring again. because of my experience with the other company i have been so turned off by purchasing another man made diamond. however, your prices along with your outstanding customer service did the trick to turn me around again.  i feel so good about what my husband and i did for my sister, to watch her and her husband sacrifice their whole life for kids not ever thinking of themselves and then my husband and no kids always thinking about ourselves, giving my brother-in-law my diamond seemed the most natural thing to do. i have no regrets what so ever. because of your product i can continue to wear my ring with my sister and family members ever knowing the truth behind my sister’s anniversary present from my brother-in-law and the fact that i can keep my diamond in the family and know my sister will pass it on to her eldest daughter one day… wow, too cool for school!! anyway, enough of this boring chatter. i would like you to send this email to whoever you report to so they know what a wonderful choice they made hiring you! just to cover our conversation earlier, i am looking to replace the diamond only, with one of yours at 1.25 carats. i am sure i don’t need to tell you that the genuine diamonds on either side i do not want disturbed. the platinum prong setting should be fine it is only a year old. it was re-done when i had purchased the russian brilliance. again, thank you for making this a better experience for us.  best regards," -tricia t., united states sent: sunday, may 27, 2007 10:59 am "dear diamond nexus labs, i just want to say a big thank you for your products and services. i purchased a 2.4ct tulip-set princess cut ring last year and have been thrilled with it ever since! my boyfriend had suggested that we start looking at rings (which actually meant that i would look, then let him know what i wanted), and i began to do a lot of homework. as i sifted through all of the information out there about real vs. synthetic diamonds, i was appalled to learn the harsh truth about mined diamonds and some of the atrocities that are funded by them. it was also an eye opener to learn that many diamonds are artificially enhanced to increase their 'value'. after learning all of this, i began to look into synthetic diamonds. at first, i was very skeptical about ordering something as important as an engagement ring over the internet. however, i am very thorough, and also looked diamond nexus labs up through the better business bureau, and found nothing negative. i was also impressed with your guarantee, as well as all of the positive feedback posted on your site. suffice it to say that i am so glad i took a chance and purchased my beautiful ring from you! a normal response from someone who sees it is something like, 'oh my god, that is gorgeous!' i just smile and say thanks. i would (and have) highly recommended you to close friends.  thanks a million (without costing a million)," -carri y., united states sent: sunday, may 27, 2007 12:33 pm "i received my ring and it is beautiful.  i love it so much that i wish i had ought the 2.04 carat instead of 1.67.  may i return my ring and pay the additional amount to get the 2.04 carat?  thank you," -donna w., united states sent: saturday, may 26, 2007 10:07 pm "thank you.  i will let you know if this works.  i love the set and all my other pieces that i have purchased from you." -glenda c., united states sent: friday, may 25, 2007 3:21 pm "my ring is beautiful!!!!!   i set the stone (for guarantee purposes) with my jeweler overseeing and instructing.  i make my own jewelry, but i wanted to make certain it was set exactly right.  it really sparkled in church!!!!!!! thanks!!!!!!!!!" -kathee f., united states sent: thursday, may 24, 2007 4:41 pm "thank you for the prompt delivery; my wife loves the earrings. she has enjoyed looking through your accompanied catalogue; i am sure i will be ordering before the year is up. take care." -ken s., united kingdom sent: wednesday, may 23, 2007 6:34 pm "my beautiful, stunning, gorgeous ring arrived yesterday. i was skeptical at first...never, never again. it is absolutely the best purchase ever. i have a three stone moissanite, but this is far better. i can't wait to be able to purchase earrings and some other items. thanks for beautiful quality in every way! sincerely," -donna b., united states sent: tuesday, may 22, 2007 6:21 pm "hello-last april (i believe) i purchased a 6 prong tiffany set princess cut solitaire engagement ring w/matching band in white 14k gold. thankfully she loved it and said yes!  my question is this, can i purchase another matching band?  she has decided that she would like a band in front and behind the engagement ring and likes the classic simplicity of the band that accompanied the solitaire ring.  please let me know if this is possible and what the cost would be. thank you! oh, and your diamonds rock!!" -kristopher j., united states sent: friday, may 18, 2007 1:28 pm "hi, i have received the coventry cocktail ring and it is amazing..... so much better than i imagined, i would recommend you to anyone considering i bought from the uk i was a little nervous but no more. it's lovely.  many thanks…" -dawn p., united kingdom sent: monday, may 14, 2007 11:00 pm "i need help.  while, i give all you at diamond nexus high marks for high quality and good customer service, i made the mistake of ordering a ring set far too modern for me.   i should have followed my initial instincts and stayed with my first wedding band order.  it was the style i like, thought it didn’t flatter my fingers—as just too wide." -dr. s., united states sent: friday, may 11, 2007 7:52 pm "justin: thanks for the follow up.  we were quite pleased with the earrings that we purchased, and will keep your catalog close by for future reference.  my spouse has had very, very good comments about her new goodies, and will be perusing your book for additional items, i’m quite sure.  your on-line and catalog presentations are splendid.  and your customer service person that i chatted with during a transitional period with two different credit cards was very helpful.  nicely done.  best regards," -fritz b., united states sent: friday, may 11, 2007 3:03 pm "thank you, and yes i am very satisfied with your level of service!  on my initial order, i had written in the comment section asking if i would be able to have my solitaire by a certain date.  (no one ever responds to those.) i was very surprised to have actually received a response back from you empathizing with my request as it was not going to be possible.  that is very professional of you and extremely considerate. i was also pleased to be able to speak with someone when i called in about your procedures for ordering a custom ring for the solitaire i ordered.  it is everything i expected and i am just as star struck with it as what anyone would be over an overpriced mined stone in which they have little knowledge of what the true cost of it may have been.  i am extremely happy that i discovered your company ( as will my fiancé be when i finally let him stop sweating about what the monthly payment on a 2 carat diamond ring is going to be :-)  ) it makes it even sweeter that he loves me so much to have not even questioned me when i told him i ordered "the ring" especially considering what that cost was at the local jewelers he went to!!  he is going to really love me when he finds out what it really did cost and that i am just happy—and even more happy with it; knowing i didn't put the man i love in the poor house to prove something that i already know i have.  well, thank you for asking my opinion.  sincerely," -mary h. (to be), united states sent: friday, may 11, 2007 2:14 am "this is a testimony about my first order. i want to tell you how pleased i am with my recent order, both the loose stones and the round earrings were unbelievable. i'm also impressed with your philosophy and willingness to expose the industry's fable of the sacred, rare, and expensive diamond, making these special stones affordable to all people. this is very generous of you to share the joy of chemically pure diamonds…also the cherry diamond presentation cases are amazing and the chocolates a very nice touch. it shows how generous and caring you are for your customers. i also like the loose stones black presentation case…when i bring up the reasons to buy a diamond to a traditional diamond peddler, i explain to them that i am not interested that they evolved naturally over time or that there are impurities that make each diamond unique—let the rich be happy with that notion and let them pay cartel prices if they like. i am interested in these things: 1. that the diamond is virtually and chemically a diamond, 2. that the colorless stone is truly colorless, 3. that the cut is absolutely ideal, 4. that the stone is flawless, and 5. the key to the purchase: that the stone is affordable. no jeweler can argue with me and win on these points…my primary purpose in ordering the three loose stones was to inspect the quality. i also ordered the earrings for my wife's mother's day gift.  i collect coins--i am a collector, not an investor: i have decided to also collect the loose stones in all cut varieties in roughly the two carat weight, to display along side my coin collection.  my wife and i are also interested in other ring and jewelry purchases as soon as we can. at this point there is no need to visit a jewelry store. nearly every thing i need, i can get from diamond nexus. you may use this testimony on your website, but please just use my first initial s.  thanks for your help." -s.k., united states sent: sunday, may 13, 2007 10:00 pm "i just wanted to let you know that i received my ring today, and i absolutely love it!!!  i have had so many compliments on it already.  i will order from you again.  and i've already told my friends about diamond nexus labs!!!" -leah s., united states sent: tuesday, may 01, 2007 5:52 pm "i just wanted to let you know that i received my ring today, and i absolutely love it!!!  i have had so many compliments on it already.  i will order from you again.  and i've already told my friends about diamond nexus labs!!!" leah s., united states sent: tuesday, may 01, 2007 5:52 pm "hi jeremy, i received my ring today.  oh my god is all i have to say.  it's hefty, beautiful and so well made.  it compares very closely to my diamond engagement ring.  i will wear this with pride.  thank you so much.  warmest regards," -karen r., united states sent: monday, april 30, 2007 4:40 pm "great news! she said yes!!  i would like to thank everyone at dnl for the help i recently received.  my story was almost a tragedy.  i had purchased a ring online from another dealer and was sadly disappointed, which made my situation very difficult.  i was taking a trip with my girlfriend and had the intention of proposing to her on the first day of our trip.  with the ring i had gotten i thought that it wasn't going to happen.  i stumbled onto dnl through a google search and purchased a millennium ring (kryana), the shipping time listed would have made things very tight, but i now was armed with a little more knowledge and knew this was what i wanted for my would be fiancé.  i had asked that a rush order be put in for the ring and to my surprise your people were very accommodating to this.  end of story i got the ring 3 days before the trip, and she loves it, her answer was yes. there was a moment when she looked mad but after i explained how i did not spend our entire savings on it she was all smiles once again.  thank you so much for your help, your patience, and your customer service rep mark who made the entire process quick and painless.  thank you again from the both of us." -r. m. and s. k. (thanks to dnl soon to be m.) sent: sunday, april 29, 2007 11:15 pm "i received my ring today, it is outstanding!  i have paired it next to a high end diamond band, and your quality rivals.  i have to admit i was skeptical, now i'm sold.  your diamond nexus stones are of the utmost quality.  thank you!" -james w., united states sent: thursday, april 26, 2007 8:30 pm "hi, i need the return address so that i can send a package back for a refund. it's not that i don’t like your product, it‘s actually quite beautiful.  i just want bigger and have already ordered bigger so i can get them b4 i go on vacation. i need the return address information b4 i go on vacation in a couple of weeks.  it would be greatly appreciated." -r. x., united states sent: thursday, april 26, 2007 12:19 pm "hello, a few months back i ordered some stud earrings from you and i absolutely love them.  i can put them next to my d color diamond engagement ring and you cannot tell they aren't the real thing." -dawn l., united states sent: thursday, april 26, 2007 9:52 am "hi!  i have a complaint about the custom timeless platinum ring we ordered: it's so darned nice that everyone has to comment on how beautiful it is!  ;) we are very happy with our order; the presentation is fantastic, the quality is great, and the design is superb.  your cultured diamonds are awesome.  thank you for a great product, and equally great customer service.  you can be sure i will highly recommend dnl as a source for fine jewelry, and i hope to do more business with you." -tom w., united states sent: wednesday, april 25, 2007 5:34 pm "dear jeremy, satisfied is an under statement! i looked at many diamonds before making my decision, some in the 15 - 20 k range, and i have to say the stones from diamond nexus blew them out of the water. a diamond of the quality, size, clarity and beauty of your 2 carat stone would easily run anywhere from 40 -60k. i have compared the stone to mined diamonds i own, and other than the color difference (my diamonds are an g & an h color while the nexus stone would clearly be a d), i can see no difference at all. if you use my testimonial, please put me as 'anonymous' only - i'm not saying anything when people ask me if i got the ring instead of a new mercedes.  i just smile. i also feel good about not being part of the 'conflict' diamond business.  now i just have to decide about the anniversary band :-) thanks again." -anonymous by request, united states sent: wednesday, april 25, 2007 2:52 pm "(first correspondence) dear sir/madam, i received my order monday 16th april 2007 and the earrings are beautiful.  unfortunately they are a carat too small. i have spoken with mark in customer services and was told to send them back and a larger carat set of earrings would be sent. this i have done, by courier, this afternoon. (second correspondence) hi, just wanted to let you know that i have received the earrings and they are spectacular!!!  thank you, thank you, thank you!  even though i was buying the set for myself and knew what to expect, i was really impressed by the presentation and special touches!  you all are fabulous.  looking forward to more spectacular diamonds from diamondnexuslabs.com." -denise n., united states sent: friday, april 13, 2007 & 11:36 am & monday, april 23, 2007 "(customer referral to another) hi, lisa, the best part about diamond nexus labs is that they ensure the quality of their products with a guarantee. last year, i bought a loose stone - 2.11 carat round. i replaced my real diamond (which went into a safe deposit box). even i can't tell the difference! if anything, it looks better because it‘s so perfect. the jeweler said it was the finest quality crystal diamond he had ever seen.  i put my ring through a lot of wear and tear (and it‘s a tiffany setting, so the stone isn't protected by the setting). so far, nothing but brilliance.  no scratches and no fading. i keep it clean with toothpaste (a little known at-home diamond cleaning trick!), and it‘s gorgeous. i get gasps and comments about wherever i go.  i can't attest to the quality of their settings, but i can tell you that if i ever need a replacement setting, i will be ordering it from dnl because i trust their products 100%." -kate r., united states sent: friday, april 13, 2007 11:36 am "dear diamond nexus labs:  i want to let you know that the ring i purchased recently is just beautiful, and i am very satisfied.  at first, i was dissatisfied with your use of dhl for shipping, as i could not be home to receive the delivery, they could not assure me that the delivery could be made late in the day, and their terminal is quite a distance from my home. after they left me a delivery-attempt receipt, i called to let them know they would have to return the ring to you. i spoke with a very nice man and they were willing to contact their delivery man, and he came back to my house the same day!  all in all, this has been a positive shopping experience, and the quality of the ring is excellent.  thank you!" -mary anne s., united states sent: sunday, april 01, 2007 3:33 pm "thanks.  btw, i love your product.  i just turned 50 and my friends, most of who are fairly wealthy women, decided i have the best husband in the whole world, after seeing my 4+ carat pear-shaped pendant (they assumed he gave it to me for my birthday.)  i have a large wedding ring myself, but after seeing the recent movie blood diamond i don't ever want another.  i told my husband that we don't even have to fib when someone asks if your stones are 'real.'  of course they're 'real'......real diamond nexus labs, that is.  thanks." -diane g., united states sent: friday, march 30, 2007 3:55 pm "hi jeremy, my name is christy w., i spoke with you several weeks ago about getting the stone in my ring replaced.  i did as you advised and i got the stone mounting kit and sent my ring in. i got my ring back today and it is beautiful!!  words can't describe how happy i am with the ring or how please i am with carmen’s workmanship. carmen doubek was the jeweler who worked on my ring. carmen was very proficient during our email correspondence. i knew that i would need to replace the stone and asked for carmen's advice on which stone to select. carmen helped me choose the perfect stone for my setting.  i can't wait to show it off to my fiancée and my family!! you and carmen have made me a very very happy customer!! thanks for all of your help…sincerely," -christy w., united states sent: friday, march 30, 2007 12:46 pm "thank you all so much for having the ring made and delivered the day before her birthday. we did not think it would get to her in time, she is 76 on sat. and she just loves the three stone ring. i thank you again and have a blessed weekend." -maria p., united states sent: thursday, march 29, 2007 8:27 pm "i received my extra screw backings in record time!!! diamond nexus labs has outstanding customer service. i will tell all who will listen about my great experience with you! you can bet i will be a repeat customer. thanks a million! best regards," -david b., united states sent: thursday, march 29, 2007 6:17 pm "dear sir or madam:  i am writing to thank you for your outstanding customer service and to tell you that your jewelry is exceptional. the way your stones shine is out of this world. the prices are very reasonable and your quality is superior.  my first order was on behalf of my brother. he wanted to surprise his fiancée with an engagement ring.  he shopped the jewelry stores in his area and could not find anything that was of good quality.  then, i discovered your web site.  so, i ordered a ring on behalf of my brother and we had no idea how beautiful that ring would be.  we were stunned at the way the stone sparkled.  the price was so reasonable; he decided to order another ring in a larger carat size. he took the first ring he ordered to a local jeweler. he wanted to have a necklace made out of the stone.  the local jeweler had no idea that the stone was synthetic and when the jeweler found out; he too was stunned at the beauty of the stone.  i am on my third order with diamond nexus labs.  i have to tell you, i could not be happier with the whole experience and the way you bend over backwards to use my preferred shipping method. i am telling everyone i know that diamond nexus labs is an excellent place to purchase jewelry.  i will never shop in a jewelry store again and cannot wait to place my christmas order.  i am so excited to share diamond nexus labs products with my friends and family. thank you so very much!  have a great day!  sincerely," -tina p., united states sent: thursday, march 29, 2007 8:01 am "it is extraordinary!  it is more beautiful than the numerous diamonds i was left by my family and exceeds the moissanite i bought about a year ago.  i find the moissanite's double refraction distracting and not-to-be true to the diamond and to the nexus stone.  i bought a 3 carat stone and i've taken it and the other stones into all different kinds of light and the nexus stone outshines (literally) all of the others. i had it mounted in a belcher mounting. my jeweler, who is very well known, was unaware of this stone, and i have given him your web site address.  he is duly impressed and said so to me in an e-mail.  he mounted the stone in the belcher mounting in white gold.  i think it looks great in white gold, and probably better in white, white platinum, but platinum is now out of my reach.  maybe later....anyway, your product is the best so far—i am very pleased.  i have inherited a number of diamonds from my mother and father and am content to wear the nexus stone, and keep the diamonds in the bank vault.  thanks so much -- i am not through buying nexus stones...." -robert p., united states sent: wednesday, march 28, 2007 9:02 pm "hello, just wanted to let you know the ring arrived today, i love it!! i want to say, now this is a beautiful ring!! thanks again." -linda w., united states sent: wednesday, march 28, 2007 8:46 pm "hi ~ your 1.28 nexus diamond arrived ~ very nice ....more fire than her $1,000 dollar.  5 diamond wedding band.  we are interested in a 1.50 - 2 carat tiffany mount in gold.  most likely a brilliant cut..... although, we're considering an asscher?  regards." -mac m., united states sent: tuesday, march 27, 2007 8:32 pm "dearest dnl, my diamond diva came today. it is beautiful. i am so happy. i want to thank all of you for your patients with me. i know i have been a hard customer. i will never do business with another company but yours. i have never had such awesome service. i have another ring i am going to send you to replace a stone in and i'm sure it will be awesome. your diamond simulants are even more beautiful than the ones at the jeweler’s. i can't say enough about you and your product. thank you thank you thank you!" -trish p., united states sent: tuesday, march 27, 2007 3:52 pm "i've died and gone to heaven!!!!!!!!  these diamond (i'm not calling them simulants) studs i received are truly stunning! only a fool would purchase a genuine diamond given the cost, imperfections and risk of loss. i cannot tell you how pleased i am with my earrings. also, the shipping was the quickest i've ever experienced and the presentation was second to none! what an experience to indulge in godiva chocolates as i become mesmerized at my studs. i've always wanted a set of earrings like these but could never afford them. thank you so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  best regards," -david b., united states sent: saturday, march 24, 2007 8:30 am "gentlemen:  i want to let you know i received my ring (tiffany-set regent setting heart-cut solitaire) on the second of march.  it is stunning!  i am more than pleased with the ring and i have received many compliments on it." -jim i., united states sent: thursday, march 22, 2007 5:37 pm "good morning, i received my ring this morning and it is beautiful. thank you…" -gillian m., united states sent: friday, march 16, 2007 1:40 pm "dear diamond nexus: wow!!!!  thank you.  thanks so much!  i got my ring today.  it's beautiful!!  the metal looks so white and silvery. it even looks nice next to my platinum band. thanks again," -abryana t., united states sent: friday, march 16, 2007 6:46 am "just wanted to say 'thank you'.  i was very skeptical about this whole simulated diamond concept.  let me tell you how pleased i am with the quality. this is the closest to a real diamond i have ever seen. it is not yellowish in color as is moissanite and is not blurry like the absolute stones.  thank you again." -jan u., united states "i am writing to let you know what an amazing job you have done! almost too good to be true! you have just created i am sure another customer for life! i would like nothing more than to have every diamond i wear created by you. in shock," -sabrina c., united states "hi, looking forward to receiving the earrings.  p.s. i'm very satisfied with the diamond studs that i had received in the first shipment. they are beautiful." -a. l., united states "jeremy, thank you!  i will be giving it to her in the next week or so and if it is too small i will let you know.  again, thank you so much for all your help and the ring is absolutely amazing!" -mark d., united states "hello jeremy, thank you so much for the pictures as well as the information you provided, both are extremely helpful and we appreciate it. i can not wait to get my new ring, and i will be sure to keep the paperwork that comes with it so we can order the band if need be! a million thanks!!!" -lisa m., united states "i ordered the "first love" ring from your company a few weeks ago...i was scared about the quality i would be getting.  i guess i was like a lot of your first time customers, still hung up on the 'it‘s-not-really-a-diamond' thing...well, let me say you have made a believer out of me!!!  i have never seen a more beautiful stone in my life!!!  i have never seen a diamond or moissanite or any other 'precious' stone that can even come close to the beauty of this one!!! i am so excited that there is finally an economical and sensible alternative to the overpriced, overvalued, overplayed, over-emphasized, over-exaggerated, over-the-top diamond business!!!  thank you so much for making this product available to me...i will definitely be shopping with you again!!!  respectfully yours," -barbara q., united states "i just wanted to let you know that i received my order today and i can't tell you how happy i am with it.  i ordered a 1.03 ct solitaire and it is breathtaking. i can't take my eyes off it and i am so thrilled. i own nice diamond jewelry but this leaves it in the dark. the ring is just perfect and i will always treasure it and enjoy it. the service i received from diamond nexus has been flawless, and my ring arrived in the most beautiful packaging.  i can't wait to order from you again, it has been my pleasure .your jewelry is stunning. thank you." -lisa h., united states "dear diamond nexus!  i just received my first purchase of a ring from your company and am amazed at your product. i was not expecting the beauty of the stone as well as the craftsmanship and quality of the setting. please count me as a loyal customer. i showed the ring to a young couple who are looking for their wedding set, but have little money at this time. they will be contacting your company soon because, with your product, they can actually afford custom work. thank you so much." -tania l., united states "i was trying to put in a catalog request, but i am not sure it went through??? here is my info if you could please send me a catalog or a few if you have extra. the one you sent me with my order is being passed around among my friends....they are soooo jealous of my gorgeous devon bracelet and the 3 carat earrings. and they all plan on placing an order with you if they haven't already :)  i am going to place another order with you very soon....i am going to order a wedding band and engagement ring and put my real diamond ones away for my children when they get older.  thanks so kindly....see you all soon!  cheers!" -melissa e., united states "hi jeremy!  thank you very much for sending me those photos!  you truly went above and beyond and i appreciate it!  i have to say i am really impressed with your customer service thus far.  i recently purchased a dnl tiffany solitaire from you guys and i sent it back for a full refund...not because of the piece itself, but because i wanted something a bit larger and i am still undecided on which setting i want.  you have been completely great about everything and not only did you give me a full credit back for my purchase, but you actually issued the credit on the same day that you received the ring back from me!!!  i was especially impressed on how fast you credited my account because you didn't receive the ring until 2:00 p.m. that same afternoon!  i will be ordering again before the week's out, but i wanted to thank you again for all of your help and congratulate you on amazing customer service!" -reenie p., united states "thank you so much for the prompt service, the packaging was divine and the chocolates a lovely thought.  my ring is beautiful, and i will be back for some other items soon....." -judi w., united states "thank you for your correspondence, jeremy, and feel free to use any of my words as feedback on your site. after all, i know i wouldn’t have purchased my diamond had i not read the responses of others. i’m glad you had it up for all to see. keep up the great work! my best," -kate a., united states "i received my ring this morning and what a beautiful surprise! yes, i ordered it so i knew it was coming, but i was thrilled to open the box and see a catalog, pretty ribbons and colors and boxes and godiva too! my ring is almost too perfect if that's possible; it'll take me a few days to not feel like my ring is too flashy for me, ha! my husband helped me pick it out since it‘s a replacement for a diamond engagement ring i lost a year ago, plus since we've been married a few years it doubles as an anniversary ring.  i'll always wish i still had my original diamond ring because my husband picked it out and proposed to me and i loved it, but this lab-created ring has more "wow!" factor.  now i'm thinking a pair of earrings would go nicely with this ring.... and i have a catalog to browse through, how convenient! ;-)  take care, thank you." -tania y., united states "i am totally blown away! this ring even out does the 1 1/4 carat i was looking at at kay jewelers, and i saved soooooo much money! i will be ordering again, i think i need earrings next. thank you diamond nexus for a beautiful ring to cherish for years." -eleanor k., united states "today i received my loose stone, and it’s more beautiful than i imagined it could be. i immediately ran out to my jeweler who swapped my old stone for the new one on my lunch hour, and even he was impressed with the quality and cut! he said it was the finest quality man-made diamond he had ever seen. to fool a trained eye is something to be proud of. my real, heirloom diamond is tucked safe away in a safe deposit box, and i never thought i could find something that so closely resembles it. your work is understated. i hope i never have to replace this stone, but if i do – i’ll be back!  i will recommend you to my sisters, who also have heirloom diamonds awaiting their engagement rings. but other than that, i’m keeping your stones a secret!!!! sorry!  thank you for brightening up my life today.  regards," -kate riley, united states "just wanted to let you know my wife got her earrings and was very happy with them. your presentation with the candy was very nice. the retail diamond industry in america has always bothered me with their pricing and methods. what most people don’t see is the other end of the line. a lot has been said lately about conflict diamonds. nobody talks about the living and work conditions of miners themselves in places like botswana and south africa. not to mention the fact that right now in the congo there are slaves being used to work the rivers for diamonds. many of these slaves are children; these slaves are fed by decimating any species of animal available for miles around, to include gorillas in ne congo. i have seen this with my own eyes. i spent 14 years in 3rd special forces group, a lot of the time in africa. now i work as a military contractor. last year i worked in rwanda and the congo. i have seen the diamond business from both ends. your alternative is a good one as far as i’m concerned. i’m working in iraq now, based in kuwait. i’d like to buy some loose stones and have custom work done here. i can’t justify buying diamonds so again, thanks for providing a very beautiful alternative. i haven’t seen those earrings myself but my wife was happy and that’s good enough for me. thanks. sincerely," -charlie j., united states "i recently made my first purchase of a [diamond] nexus product. i must say the earrings ordered for my wife were everything your website promised. she was delighted with them. and, although i was a bit tardy in placing the order for a valentine's day gift, you saw to it that it was delivered in ample time. thank you very much.  the packaging was also beautiful, multiple boxing, with bows, to say nothing of the godiva chocolates. you made me look very good. in this day and age one is unaccustomed to such excellence in product and service.  my wife and i are 85. we have a 60th wedding anniversary in april. i cannot imagine that she has put up with me that long.  regards," -ray b., united states "i had to write to say how thrilled i was to receive my fabulous diamond stud earrings yesterday, just a week after ordering them from the other side of the atlantic!!  the presentation was so stunning, i felt truly loved, even though they were a gift from myself. as a resident of the uk, this kind of service is utterly exceptional, as was the quality of the diamonds!  having read so many of the gushing testimonials prior to ordering, i felt sure i would not be joining their ranks--how wrong can you be!  being a woman of a certain age, i felt very brave having my ears pierced for the first time, and always said i would only do so for at least a carat in each ear—had i known that this was possible for the price i paid, i would i had done so much sooner. my next order, (for there will be many, many more orders) will be for considerably more than the 'one carat in each ear'.  the great thing is these diamonds are so totally ethical as well. i can't honestly say i am going to tell all my friends about you—not straight away at least—i just love knowing that they envy the jewelry!!  i can't even wear mine just yet, 6th march being the point when i can take out the studs with which my ears were pierced just 4 weeks ago." -patricia g., united kingdom "i am already working on my custom made ring, being the present my husband will give me for my birthday - he is also totally in awe of your product. for any others looking to order from the uk, all i can say is waste no more time  - the sooner you order, the sooner you will be thrilled and delighted! i'm off to eat my chocolates! once again, many thanks and i will be in contact again very soon!!" -samuel s., united kingdom "dear jeremy, i got my pomp & circumstance ring and i just love it!! it is as fiery and brilliant as my fever ring and i couldn't be any happier!! (well, that's not true, i could be a lot happier once i buy myself a princess diamond tennis bracelet!)-- i am so happy to have done business with your company, the customer service is incredible and so are the quality of your stones and you have a customer for life with me.  (i think i may tell my very best friend about you so when her husband wants to upgrade her tiny solitaire he can do so with a lot less money and a very beautiful stone!!) everyone else, including a jeweler that i work with thinks that all my pieces of jewelry from you are the "real deal" and i intend to leave it as such!!  you are a very great employee of diamond nexus and i am so happy that you helped me to finally get the sparkly ring that i have wanted for my right hand.  i love this ring!! it is everything i had hoped it would be.  god bless you and thank you so very much, i just got diagnosed with oral cancer and had to have a lesion removed as a result and have had one of the very worst days of my life and when dhl showed up with my ring and i opened the box, i couldn't help but smile and be happy! (thank you so very much sir) have a super weekend!!" -amy w., united states "sheri, thank you so much for your help and advice. it’s good to know that professionals like you are willing and able to give a hand. i got the document that you sent and have told dhl to return the product. i’ll be watching the credit to be posted to my account on-line. if it does not show please give me a call.  once it got there i wanted to go more in detail of what needs to be on the three stone ring and then later (much later) go over what needs to be on the shadow ring. thanks again! semper fi!" -staff sergeant b., united states "kay, thank you for your help today on the phone. i’m looking forward to getting my new order. again, i want to tell you that i’m very impressed with the quality of your product and the packaging and presentation are superb! again thank you for your help and your thoughtful personal service—you were great!" -diane r., united states "kay, thank you for taking all the trouble to get us what i wanted!! i do so thank you!!  kay, a hundred million times, thank you. the diamond is beautiful, which means a great deal to me. you have been through a lot of hassle over this ring set, and you haven’t been ugly about it one time. thank you so much. i don’t know how much they are paying you, but it isn’t enough. you are a tremendous asset to dnl, and i sincerely hope they appreciate you for dealing with all this. thank you again from the bottom of my heart.  most sincerely, customer for life!" -phylissa g., united states "i can’t thank you enough kay. you are a wonderful associate and your company should be very pleased to have you on board. you have done a fine job on the customer service end of this whole transaction. i can’t wait to see the ring." -pam d., united states "dear mr. marasco, i have come over with my family to join my sister eileen y. for thanksgiving. at this time she gave me the ring that you have worked on, replacing the center stone.  i am really delighted with the result. i know that it will give me a great deal of pleasure in years to come.  i would like to thank you for your attention and care.  kind regards," -margaret h., united states "justin, this did come through!!! thank you so much for all your time and effort you spent with me yesterday. you made this experience very pleasurable and you made me feel at ease doing business with a company i know little about. i am so excited to see the end result and cannot wait to happily wear my ring again. because of my experience with the other company i have been so turned off by purchasing another man made diamond. however, your prices along with your outstanding customer service did the trick to turn me around again.  i feel so good about what my husband and i did for my sister, to watch her and her husband sacrifice their whole life for kids not ever thinking of themselves and then my husband and no kids always thinking about ourselves, giving my brother-in-law my diamond seemed the most natural thing to do. i have no regrets what so ever. because of your product i can continue to wear my ring with my sister and family members ever knowing the truth behind my sister’s anniversary present from my brother-in-law and the fact that i can keep my diamond in the family and know my sister will pass it on to her eldest daughter one day… wow, too cool for school!! anyway, enough of this boring chatter. i would like you to send this email to whoever you report to so they know what a wonderful choice they made hiring you!" -tricia s., united states "just to cover our conversation earlier, i am looking to replace the diamond only, with one of yours at 1.25 carats. i am sure i don’t need to tell you that the genuine diamonds on either side i do not want disturbed. the platinum prong setting should be fine it is only a year old. it was re-done when i had purchased the russian brilliance. again, thank you for making this a better experience for us.  best regards," -tammy h., united states "dear diamond nexus labs, i just want to say a big thank you for your products and services. i purchased a 2.4ct tulip-set princess cut ring last year and have been thrilled with it ever since! my boyfriend had suggested that we start looking at rings (which actually meant that i would look, then let him know what i wanted), and i began to do a lot of homework. as i sifted through all of the information out there about real vs. synthetic diamonds, i was appalled to learn the harsh truth about mined diamonds and some of the atrocities that are funded by them. it was also an eye opener to learn that many diamonds are artificially enhanced to increase their 'value'. after learning all of this, i began to look into synthetic diamonds. at first, i was very skeptical about ordering something as important as an engagement ring over the internet. however, i am very thorough, and also looked diamond nexus labs up through the better business bureau, and found nothing negative. i was also impressed with your guarantee, as well as all of the positive feedback posted on your site.  suffice it to say that i am so glad i took a chance and purchased my beautiful ring from you! a normal response from someone who sees it is something like, "oh my god, that is gorgeous!" i just smile and say thanks. i would (and have) highly recommended you to close friends.  thanks a million (without costing a million)," -carri yoakam, united states "i received my ring and it is beautiful.  i love it so much that i wish i had ought the 2.04 carat instead of 1.67.  may i return my ring and pay the additional amount to get the 2.04 carat?  thank you," -donna w., united states "thank you.  i will let you know if this works.  i love the set and all my other pieces that i have purchased from you." -glenda c., united states "my ring is beautiful!!!!!   i set the stone (for guarantee purposes) with my jeweler overseeing and instructing.  i make my own jewelry, but i wanted to make certain it was set exactly right.  it really sparkled in church!!!!!!! thanks!!!!!!!!!" -kathee f., united states "thank you for the prompt delivery; my wife loves the earrings. she has enjoyed looking through your accompanied catalogue; i am sure i will be ordering before the year is up. take care." -ken m., united states "my beautiful, stunning, gorgeous ring arrived yesterday. i was skeptical at first...never, never again. it is absolutely the best purchase ever. i have a three stone moissanite, but this is far better. i can't wait to be able to purchase earrings and some other items. thanks for beautiful quality in every way! sincerely," -donna b., united states "hello-last april (i believe) i purchased a 6 prong tiffany set princess cut solitaire engagement ring w/matching band in white 14k gold. thankfully she loved it and said yes!  my question is this, can i purchase another matching band?  she has decided that she would like a band in front and behind the engagement ring and likes the classic simplicity of the band that accompanied the solitaire ring.  please let me know if this is possible and what the cost would be. thank you! oh, and your diamonds rock!!" -kristopher j., united states "hi, i have received the coventry cocktail ring and it is amazing.....so much better than i imagined, i would recommend you to anyone considering i bought from the uk i was a little nervous but no more. it's lovely.  many thanks." -dawn n., united kingdom "it never fails that i ask a question and it is unerringly answered. the ring was delivered two days ago and it was completely beautiful. thank you very much." -matthew w., united states "hi george, i am pleased to report that i did receive the platinum ring today, it is absolutely beautiful. i am very pleased both with your customer service and product.  have shown it to a few people in my building and they are absolutely overwhelmed...one of my neighbors even started crying!  i look forward to a long and productive relationship." -a. u. , united states "the description of your jewelry is far more humble than it should be. great work! i will be buying much more jewelry from you." -dean d., united states "good afternoon george, a couple of weeks ago, i ordered a boucheron millennium ring from you which i had customized with a princess cut stone vs. the round brilliant cut. i received the ring today, and am floored by its beauty.  being a very educated diamond person, i was skeptical at best, but figured i would give it a shot due to the money back warranty through dnl.  this ring is among the finest looking pieces of jewelry that i have ever held.  i could not be more impressed with your product. i could write pages about the beauty of this ring and the stones within, however i think wow sums it all up better.  fyi, the pictures in your literature and on your website do not even come close to doing this product justice." -jameson d., united states "we are quite surprised at the quality, brilliance, and overall beauty of the stones. now that we are comfortable with the quality of the stones, we will be contacting your custom design center in order to have something special made." -joshua r., united states my comment is about my previous order. wow! this is the best simulated diamond i have ever seen! i put my earrings next to my $12,000 ideal cut d vs-1 diamond, and the earrings "scintillated" just as much as my diamond did! you bet i will be back for more and more and more!! incredible!! -jill h., united states "justin, this did come through!!! thank you so much for all your time and effort you spent with me you made this experience very pleasurable and you made me feel at ease doing business with a company i know little about because of my experience with the other company i have been so turned off by purchasing another man made diamond, however, your prices along with your outstanding customer service did the trick to turn me around again. i feel so good about what my husband and i  did for my sister, to watch her and her husband sacrifice their whole life for kids not ever thinking of themselves and then my husband and no kids always thinking about ourselves, giving my brother-in-law my diamond seemed the most natural thing to do, i have no regrets what's ever.  because of your product i can continue to where my ring with my sister and family members ever knowing the truth behind my sisters anniversary present from my brother-in-law and the fact that i can keep my diamond in the family and know my sister will pass it on to her eldest daughter one day...wow too cool for school!!  anyway, enough of this boring chatter. i would like you send this email to whoever you report to so they know what a wonderful choice they made hiring you! best regards," -tracey b., united states "i received our ring and it looks great.  i am very happy with your service and product.  i will use your company again and again. regards," - kent b., united states "received my ring today and it is gorgeous. more beautiful than expected. thank you so much for rushing my order and getting it to me in time to take my trip for thanksgiving." -linda s., united states "i received my tiffany-set emerald-cut ring today, and it‘s absolutely amazing!!! i can't take my eyes off it! i'm 100% satisfied with it, and i plan to tell others about your products. i'll also be placing another order in the future! i love my ring! thank you so much!!!" -diane r., canada "dear george, i apologize for not sending you a proper thank you sooner. but i now take this time to express to you and everyone involved in the selection and setting of my stone how elated i am at the results. my ring is outstanding. the finished ring far surpassed my expectations. the quality of your stone is brilliant. the trust factor was of most importance to me, but you had that in the bag with our initial conversation. my ring has been scrutinized by the most difficult of critics, only to realize that they had no doubt that the beauty before their eyes was a real diamond. everyone comments on the brilliance and the color. they have gone as far as to ask if the stone is d on the color scale, without hesitation i say- yes. after all, it is according to the dnl charting. i've already sent friends to your site. i wish you the very best. sincerely," jennifer c., united states "george, i just wanted to let you know that i received my ring today and i am so incredibly happy. it is absolutely beautiful and i was overwhelmed! it is exactly what i wanted and the quality and detail is amazing. i just can't say enough about how much i love it and how easy this process was. you were wonderful and i really appreciate all of your help. i look forward to talking with you again this spring and ordering my wedding band! again, i couldn't ask for more! thanks. warmly," -marne n., united states "the ring arrived this morning and i think that it looks wonderful. i am quite sure that my sister will think the same thing too. i think that the clear stone does the setting more justice that the stone that you removed. thank you for all your help and also for getting the ring completed for me in such a timely manner. i truly appreciate the service that i have received and would be happy to do business with you again if the need arises. sincerely," -eileen y., united states "i have come over with my family to join my sister eileen y. for thanksgiving.  at this time she gave me the ring that you have worked on, replacing the centre stone [with a dnl gemstone]. i am really delighted with the result.  i know that it will give me a great deal of pleasure in years to come. i would like to thank you for your attention and care. kind regards," -margaret h., united states "hello george, i want to thank you very, very much for your assistance in placing your dnl stone in my engagement ring, and for having it delivered so promptly. please feel free to use this email as a testimonial for your service. the ring arrived today and it looks exactly like a real diamond to me!   i am so thrilled that we did not spend thousands of dollars that can now go towards our mortgage! i will be ordering a second loose dnl 'diamond' as an insurance policy in a couple of months, and i plan to buy more jewelry from your site in the future. many, many thanks for your wonderful customer service and quality product. best regards," -julia d., mba, united states "hello sheri!   my ring is gorgeous and the stone is a perfect size!  thank you so much for all your help and assistance through the entire selection process.   did we go through enough rings or what?  the chocolates and packaging are plus- very nice touch. you have been a champ to work with and i appreciate it.  will highly recommend you.  no doubt you are tops when it comes to customer service!  have a blessed holiday season and be sure to look me if you ever get to pella ...we'll go have a glass of leaping horse merlot, on me! thanks again! all the best-" -kim b., united states "hello, i recently purchased your millennium collection carrera engagement ring and i must tell you that it is by far the most stunning ring i have ever seen. when i opened the beautiful cherry wood box, i was amazed in the rings beauty and glamour. i have been shopping around for the perfect ring for months, searching jewelry stores and online. first, your customer service has no compare, easy and helpful. second, your sales department did not try to confuse or glaze any subject matter; they were honest and sincere in their ability to help me make my decision. i found the entire experience a true delight. thank you for a magnificent ring that will make my fiancée happy for an eternity. warmest regards," -frank p., united states "hi, we ordered one of your stones as a placeholder until my fiancée found her 'perfect' diamond.  after it arrived she changed her mind: she doesn't want a 'real' diamond: she loves the one we bought from you and says that no amount of money could buy her a prettier one.  maybe i'll take the money i saved and buy her a nice car for a wedding gift. she's taken it to a few very high-end jewelry makers to find a mounting and none of them knew it was manufactured until she told them.  one didn't believe her: they thought she was telling them that to discourage theft: they sternly told her they'd know a 'real' diamond from a 'fake' and assured her that they'd never lost a diamond. we couldn't be happier with either your customer service or your products.  we've already recommended you to others who want diamonds and will continue doing so. thanks!" -michael o., united states "i just wanted to give you something for your testimonials page if you wanted to use it. i just received my incarna ring a few minutes ago.  i'm amazed at how incredible it is!  when i was researching your website, i was skeptical, as i'm sure a lot of would-be-buyers probably are.  but being young, and having bills to pay and a marriage to plan for, the price was defiantly enticing for me.  in the end it was the triple guarantees that tied me in, i figured why not?  well, it‘s gone above and beyond my expectations.  i never imagined that i would have something so wonderful and breathtakingly gorgeous.  i'm almost embarrassed and i'm sure it will take me a little while to get used to wearing it!  for anyone who's on the fence about dnl, go for it!  you won't be disappointed!" -tess m., united states "hello, we received the loose stone (1.59ct. asscher) this morning, and it‘s absolutely gorgeous!   we compared the stone in indoor and outdoor lighting, and we're really happy with the quality of it, the size, and its unique shape!    i'm waiting for the palladium setting to come in (sometime this week or next week), and then i plan to send the setting and the loose stone to dnl to be set. thanks," -jennifer b., united states "dear justin, just received my rings.oh my god!!!  i can't thank you enough.  they are absolutely gorgeous!!  one of the men here at work is already looking for his wife's next gift.  i can't thank you enough for all the help i received from you and kay.  i will be placing another order very soon. you guys are awesome!!!! i am shocked and thrilled and soooooo happy!  several of the women in my office have already been looking at your site and getting ready to order too.  wait till they see them in person!  wow. thank you sooooooooooooo much." -pam k., united states "hey kay, i just wanted to say thank you so much for my engagement ring.  my fiancé spent $18k at christian bernard and the center stone kept coming lose, 5 times.  we finally heard about you guys from one of my friends and now i have the millennium collection princess cut center stone cocktail ring.  i'm getting compliments left and right.plus i love it.  i am definitely getting my wedding band from you guys. thanks again." -kenise e., united states "george, i received my angelix ring this weekend and it is absolutely gorgeous!  my mother was hot on the phone calling my aunt with the news.  she said 'you are not going to believe the gorgeous ring that john bought' thank you for your advice which helped me to choose that setting.  it is indeed a dainty and classic design.  after i lost a $5,000 diamond pendant, and suffered a significant rate hike in my insurance, when i made a claim to replace it, i decided that, never again, would i spend thousands of dollars on diamonds.  one of the testimonials that i read on your site is quite true.  don't buy an outlandish size stone, buy one that is believable.  your jewelry is gorgeous and i am so happy to have a 2 carat engagement ring for under one thousand dollars!  my next plan is to buy a diamond nexus pendant and earrings so i can put my real stuff in a safe deposit box.  thank you again and i will be a return customer." -ann m., united states "hello, kay, the ring got here at about 3:30, but we had company over so i couldn't look at it until now. w o w! ! ! !   it is unbelievably beautiful.  not only are the stones first class, the gold work shows real pride and craftsmanship and on top of that the customer service was above and beyond the expected.  you have the essential ingredients of a successful business a top notch product backed by excellent service. i've bought my share of diamonds in the past and always resisted the simulants as the workmanship was substandard.  you have cured me of a very expensive habit!! thanks again."-paul t., united states "good morning sheri, i realize it‘s been over a month since i received my ring. it's so beautiful i can't stop looking at it! thank you for all your assistance with helping me choose the ring that was right for me. one of my girlfriends said it‘s her new favorite ring. i sense just a little bit of jealousy. a co-worker of mine commented that the reason we're having a small wedding is because he spent all his money on the ring....little does she know! i know all future purchases will be through diamond nexus labs. most sincerely," -janice n., united states "my rings look great. thanks for the speedy delivery. hopefully we will do business with you [again] in the near future." -cathy p., united states "hello sheri! hope you are doing well today. picked up my rings late yesterday at the office and both are lovely!...you are a peach for all your help and patience! you have helped to make the selection process fun! thanks!" -kim b., united states "i have had my 'timeless' ring for over six months!  wow is all i have to say.  i thank dnl for making my wedding ring easy, beautiful, and a pleasure to wear. my first two years of marriage, i had four rings in two years because of flaws with each of them.  we bought from a reputable nation wide jeweler and it became a nightmare and a stress.  finally, i found dnl during a search and as soon as i got my ring, i became sold...forever.  i have not had any problems and when it needs to be clean--soap and warm water!  i am grateful for creating a product that is affordable, safe for people in other parts of the world, and truly quality.  thank you!" -elle d., united states "i just wanted to take a moment to let you know that diamond nexus labs has the best customer service! i wish more companies cared about their customers the way you do. there was a mix up in an item i ordered. i called the 800 number and spoke with sherry and detailed my situation. she suggested i work with mary and got her on the phone right away. mary was such a huge help! she went above and beyond to get my order corrected and shipped out within a couple days. i had my wife's birthday gift in hand in record time. her follow-up phone calls and attention to detail made me feel very comfortable with my decision to buy jewelry from diamond nexus. i cannot say enough about the effort mary and diamond nexus put into correcting my order! thanks again for the best service and the wonderful gift for my wife! and the new packaging is perfect! now i don't have to wrap my gift! thanks again mary and diamond nexus!"-casper b., united states "well, wow!! she is going to love it. you were so helpful and up front with me. i know that when i need another ring i will be asking to talk to you. i am really glad i found out about diamond nexus labs. i also wish there were more people as friendly and as helpful as you in this business. all of my coworkers love it and cannot tell the difference. i just wanted to let the management at diamond nexus know how good of an associate you are for there company. thank you again. and i will let you all know how the proposal goes. sincerely,"-nicholas m., united states "i just wanted to thank you for my beautiful 'diamond!' i've gotten lots of compliments and have decided to order a back up 3.87 tiffany carat 'diamond' in case i ever knock my stone out so i will never be without it! it is wonderful to know that you have such wonderful guarantees in case this may unfortunately ever happen. i will definitely keep ordering merchandise from you. thank you for your friendly and helpful staff. sincerely,"-angela j., united states "my wife and i would like to thank you for the beautiful tiffany-set regent setting asscher-cut solitaire ring we received yesterday.  it is absolutely gorgeous!!!!!!!!!!!! what a wonderful anniversary present!!!!!!!! we have ordered your catalogue discs and will be looking for another ring to compliment it.  no doubt another order will be winging its way to you very soon! many thanks! a highly delighted" -grahame and jenny g., united kingdom "sheri, i received my ring a few days ago and it is outstanding.  thanks for insuring the condition and quality were up to company standards." -ernie f., united states "hello: i received my princess royale 1.32 carats total weight stud earrings and they are beautiful, thank you for great service and speedy delivery. i shall be buying more. you may use this as a testimonial. regards," -chris w., canada "you guys really have the best customer service.   in combination with the quality stones and this service, diamond nexus must be doing wonderfully.......:0) have a good day!" -cindy s., united states "my new bracelet is my big secret. i am so pleased that i stumbled (thanks! google) onto your web site while searching for an impressive, yet affordable tennis bracelet.  i read every word on the web site at least twice, then, led only by my intuition and kaye, who was most convincing and responded to my concerns as if i was the one customer in the store and she had all the time in the world, i took the plunge and purchased the devon.  when i opened the box and laid this over my wrist, i thought no one will believe i could own such a magnificent piece of real jewelry.  it took me over a week to work up the nerve to wear it out, and now i don't want to take it off.  once you see these stones, and the gorgeous heavy 14k gold mounting, you can be certain no one will think 'it‘s not real.'  the hearts-and-arrows effect is awesome, even better than described, and the sparkle is very lively under every lighting condition.  in fact, in the dark, my wrist is like a beacon.  and to think i almost paid substantially more for a smaller carat weight bracelet with poor quality 'real' diamonds set in 10k gold." -glenda e., united states "good morning george, i just wanted to thank you for the extra effort to get my order to me before my fiancée's birthday. thank you so much. you have made us so happy. this has to be the best birthday present that she ever had." -kelzie m., united states "thank you justin for the help!  it was wonderful dealing with such a professional/personable person.  please give this email to the 'boss' so that they can read what a great job i thought you did and how you went above and beyond your normal responsibilities. thank you again!" -brandon j., united states "yes. they got here as promised. thanks. she was thrilled. they really do have a quality look and my wife was also impressed with the packaging. i saw another style that i plan to show her, on your internet site. we may be repeat customers sooner than i thought. she did initially have difficulty with the threaded post; getting them in her ear hole. she said the post was blunt and was difficult sliding through. it may be just something she needs to get use to. the other style i saw was more of a loop with an emerald cut drop, which should not be a problem for her at all. thanks again for the quick service. you made me the hero." -tim d., united states "i just received my ring!  it is beautiful!  i simply can not thank you enough for working so hard to get it done on time (and i even got it a day early)!  thank you, thank you, thank you!" -cherrie s., united states "dear (diamond) nexus labs, i wanted to thank everyone who helped make this a reality. my girlfriend and i have been together for quite some time now. we are graduating from college with a great deal of debt and both come from poor families. we both have strong socio-ethical views about life. i was amazed to find out that 'man-made diamonds' were only a fraction of the cost. after ordering the ring and making the mistake of not ordering it faster i spoke with your customer service and they expedited the order! it got here just in time! i proposed to my long time girlfriend on the rocks next to the beach in san francisco on the clearest day ever! thank you so much. i also wanted to make a suggestion about your advertising. my girlfriend and i both feel that diamond mining and production are an evil and corrupt business, but diamonds are beautiful and part of our culture. i thought maybe you could market you diamonds to customers that have strong sentiments against diamond production. you could possibly get the 'hippie' crowd. just a suggestion. once again thank you, thank you, thank you. best regards," -alfredo g., united states "i was initially very dubious about purchasing 'man made diamonds' as the image of (fake looking) springs to mind, but i received my order today and wow!  thank you so much." -christina w., united kingdom "thank you so very very much for your wonderful service and fine quality!  i received my 1.03 carat regent 'diamond' solitaire today and was stunned!  it is so beautiful and there's no one who could pick it up with their naked eye as anything but a beautiful diamond.  again, my appreciation for your fine work and for a beautiful ring i wouldn't have been able to have otherwise!" -debbie g., united states "dear kay, i just received my ring back [from resizing] and it seems more beautiful then the first time i received it.  i missed it so very much!!!  my finger was bare without it!! daily i get wonderful 'wow' comments on this priceless jewel from everyone who sees it. your service was simply exemplarily and i thank you so very much thanks again and you will be my one stop shop for the holidays!!!" -lucie c., united states "i wanted to give you feedback being aware of management's short attention span, i'll start with the most important. in a world of widespread incompetence and apathy, kay, of your customer service department, shines brighter than one of your diamond simulants.  i purchased a dnl ring and needed resizing.  a friend of my wife was coming in for the weekend and my wife want to show off her new ring.  with the anticipated resize turnaround time i would have gotten it back after her friend left.  then i found kay.  kay led me through the dnl resize process and personally handled everything at dnl to push it through.  i received the resized ring back so quickly that the mail service guy still remembered my name from the time i sent the ring to dnl.  kay was so helpful and so enjoyable to talk to that before i knew it, i was reading my charge card number to her for an additional purchase.  now that's a great employee.  if dnl rewards employees for service above and beyond, kay should receive the platinum award.  thank you kay. secondly, the dnl diamond simulants are better than advertised.  i did a side-by-side comparison to actual diamonds and they were identical thanks to de beers, people don't realize that diamonds are the least rare of all the gemstones and cost a small fortune.  now, thanks to dnl, we are finally paying what the diamond family of gemstones is worth " -john t., united states "ms. petersen: we just received the arden tennis bracelet via dhl. it is beyond our expectations as for the quality and appearance. the service you provide is excellent and we intend to continue doing business with you in the near future. thank you and the staff at diamond nexus for you attentiveness and quality of service. respectfully yours," -the board of trustees, united states "order received today, totally unbelievable!!!  we love it! we will be back soon to order more. thanks," -melinda (soon to be) b., united states "to whom it may concern my boyfriend and i are in college, and obviously on a tight budget. when the topic of engagement was finally broached, i insisted on finding a viable situation that would save money/circumnavigate the rather deceitful diamond industry. from what my boyfriend tells me, your company has been nothing but helpful, and i'd like to thank you all!" -alisa c., united states "dear diamond nexus, i received my order yesterday and was very pleased with the ring. i will never forget the smile on my girlfriend when i presented it to her, for as long as i live. thank you for such a beautiful ring. i will definitely be purchasing from you again." -thomas m., united states "good morning, kay! the loose stone was so beautiful; i did not want to do anything to jeopardize the guarantee of the stone or the quality of the stone being compromised with a jeweler that was not qualified to set this diamond stimulant.  as i mentioned previously, the mounting set i sent to dnl has a diamond ring guard and i believe the quality of the dnl stone will compliment the actual diamond setting and no one will be the wiser.  thank you for your assistance and kindness...that speaks a lot for about you and the character of the company. have a great day!" -barbara p., united states "george, thank you for the beautiful platinum, cushion cut ring the ring absolutely represents my sentiments toward my fiancée." - aram c., united states "this is my third order from your website. i absolutely love your jewelry. it is high quality gold with 'diamonds' that are sharper, brighter, and even more perfect than any 'real' diamond looks. i actually lost my engagement ring and decided to get another, higher carat diamond this time, since they look so incredible. thank you for continuing to make these beautiful products!!!" -becky k., united states "hi sheri just wanted to let you know i received my ring and it is beautiful!! everybody comments on how pretty it is and i am so happy with it. thanks again for all your help." -joan b., united states "george, the stone you replaced is awesome!!!  thank you very much for the excellent and super fast service.   you are the third company that i have looked at for diamond simulant, and i guess the third time is a charm!   you will be getting more business from me, and from friends and family.  thank you very much!!!" -tamara f., united states "my 'time after time' ring arrived today, it‘s beautiful and it fits perfectly. thank you for the excellent customer service provided in dealing with more than one shipment and your assistance in getting the right fit.   our son-in-law wants to purchase a diamond necklace for our daughter i've told him all about you and he's thrilled he can buy something so wonderful for his wife and still have money left for a down payment on a house! thanks so much," -rosemarie p., united states "i just purchased my first dnl loose stone (a 1 carat princess cut). it is absolutely stunning! i am having it set in a semi-mount that i have with natural diamond accents. the ring is gorgeous! thank you so much for such a high quality stone. please feel free to use my compliment in your feedback. thank you," -maura f., united states "kay...i received my ring this morning....it is fantastic!!!  as i mentioned, my wedding rings were stolen from my locker at the country club. this ring was a 'temporary replacement' until i decided what i wanted.  forget replacement!!!  this is so beautiful and real!!!   again...i appreciate the effort on your part to get it to me before our vacation. i'll be ordering more jewelry soon!!!" -marci f., united states "wow, by far the best customer service i have ever received. from the first phone call asking stupid questions, i became well informed of your products, with patience and understanding. your employees have gone above and beyond anything i could have ever hoped for. a special thank you to kay who followed up with me to ensure my satisfaction. you people are amazing. i would also like to send a thank you to josh (worldwide shipping...who looks after dhl for diamond nexus labs) who followed up with me and my concerns with having the ring shipped into canada . and what a ring it is. it's beautiful...i had very high expectations of the ring but i was blown away by it. great craftsmanship and the stones are beautiful! i will recommend dnl to everyone. thank you, thank you, thank you!   a very satisfied and lifelong customer," -chad s., canada "robert, got them [stud earrings] and love them.  they arrived yesterday and i was like a child on christmas morning opening my beautiful package so elegantly wrapped with a beautiful purple bow!  (put this testimonial on your site!)  they truly are exquisite.  my best friend was in awe of their brilliance and immediately asked me for the website again!  hopefully, dnl will get some mileage out of me wearing them non-stop for the next several weeks " -michelle w., united states "dear diamond nexus labs: last night, my boyfriend joe became my fiancé, and i received the most beautiful ring that i have ever seen. we went around and showed everyone, and we got the same reaction from everyone...'wow, that is some ring!'   it is clear, shiny, flawless, and the size is perfect. the wedding band, which was included is wonderful.   the presentation in the cedar box was gorgeous!   joe is envied by men for buying me such a huge 'diamond,' and i an envied by women for wearing it. we didn't tell anyone it wasn't a real diamond, and i'm sure no one could tell.  i am so glad that we went this route.   it is the second marriage for both of us, and we have so many plans for our house and our future, and spending thousands of dollars on my ring just didn't make sense.   he would have bought me a diamond if that's what i wanted, but then we would have had to wait for our hot tub:)   anyway, i just wanted to thank you for 'creating' my gorgeous ring.   i love it and will cherish it forever. we will definitely be purchasing more items from you.   thanks again," -veronica v. (soon to be veronica k.), united states "i just wanted to write to you to let you know i received my cardiff solitaire ring yesterday and it was stunning!!!!!! i have order many rings, but none with this quality. i will order more from you site as well as tell others!!! your company is exactly what i have been looking for!!!!! i was going to pay thousands, but now i don't have to, i have my perfect ring!!!   thanks again dnl:)" -christa d., united states "hi, this is maria m. and i received my diamond nexus earrings, pendant and ring the other week and i am happy to say that they are absolutely exquisite.  i am aiming for a tennis bracelet next and the devon tennis bracelet looks exactly what i want but i'm going to have to save a bit first.   thank you once again." -maria m., australia "to diamond nexus labs: i just received the ring i ordered and i am extremely impressed with the quality of your jewelry.  the stone is gorgeous and the setting is absolutely beautiful!!!  please extend my compliments to your jewelers that the quality of their craftsmanship is impeccable.  i am very pleased with the purchase and look forward to future business with you.  thank you again for creating such a stunning ring! sincerely," -george e., united states "i just wanted to tell you that you do an excellent selling job on your website and getting links to your site on google. i was merely trying to inform myself about simulated diamonds and ended up buying from you. i was not intending to buy anything.   i got the 1.8 ct pendant for my fiancé and we both love it" -dennis h., united states "i just wanted to let you know that my order arrived a couple days ago and i just can't get over how beautiful my ring is! i have had so many compliments on this ring. that didn't happen with my real diamond ring...   my husband even questioned me when i told him it wasn't a diamond. he didn't believe me and i had to show him the receipt!  the packaging and presentation was superb and the chocolate was a really nice touch!   this ring is my 10th anniversary gift and i couldn't be happier!   (that's how we have managed to stay married for 10 years. i pick my own gifts. lol!)  thank you so much for making it possible for me to have such a beautiful engagement ring!   i will never buy another diamond again.   and the next piece of jewelry i get will come from diamond nexus labs.   sincerely," -debra k., united states "hi, i have just received my order for an engagement ring (champagne and whispers) and i'd like to thank you it‘s astoundingly beautiful, much more so than i ever expected, and much nicer than the rings i have seen in beaverbrooks and ernest jones over here (and about £5,000 cheaper!)." -stephen s., united kingdom "hi its mark a. from ontario , canada . the earrings are unbelievable i received them friday morning. i will be ordering from you again in the following days ahead. thanks again, you did a wonderful job." -mark a., canada "thank you i received it yesterday and the pendant is beautiful and i am thrilled. it is nicer than i expected.   regards," -inara h., united states "dear diamond nexus custom department, i received the custom ring guard that you made for my wife and wanted to let you know that it is even more beautiful than you described. the solitaire that we purchased fits into the ring guard just perfect and she is 100%thrilled with it, the color and sparkle is remarkable.   i am sure we will have future purchases from your company, and i would highly recommend your company.   the service was excellent and the personnel were extremely helpful and pleasant. thank you again," -jim, t.   united states "kay, thanks so very much for switching my order to the white gold ring. now it coordinates with my wife's wedding set and makes a great 25th anniversary ring.  she loves it very much and we are very satisfied with the quality and elegance of the ring.  i know it must be very busy there.  keep up the great work!   thank you very much again!!!" -richard w., united states "to whom it may concern: i just wanted to let you know, that i received ¾ trillion cut diamond earrings from my boyfriend for my birthday, and at first we were very skeptical.  first of all, i was very impressed by the packaging of the gift i had received.  it was very quaint and beautifully wrapped.  then once i opened the box, the earrings were gorgeous.  just like a lot of people, i wasn't sure about the quality of these products.  however, once i saw them, i was astonished.  thank you so much.  my earrings are beautiful.  i will definitely be coming back to shop." -jamie c., united states "hello, i just spoke with you today and wanted to send you my testimonial about my beautiful princess cut w/trillions ring.  i received the 1.59 center cut stone and i have to tell you that it is simply gorgeous!  it didn't come in on time for my birthday because my boyfriend had originally (secretly) ordered the 1.24 center stone and then when i mentioned the 1.59 center stone, he had to call you up and change it, so it came a couple of days after my birthday everyone is in awe of it.  a couple of folks were even overheard guessing that he spent 12 to 15 thousand dollars on it!!  i am, to say the least, thrilled with it.  there is so much sparkle and color and brilliance to it that it is dazzling!  and your guarantee is marvelous.  thank you for such a beautiful stone and for your excellent customer service!" -cathy r., united states "i received my ring! it is gorgeous! i think you need to get put better photos of your jewelry on the web sight. the ones you have do not do it justice. my ring is prettier than i had hoped!  thank you so much! i will be ordering again from you soon!" -linda g., united states "sheri, she said, "yes", and she loved the ring. you guys are the best!  but, now she wants some earrings great " -staff sergeant b., united states "dear dnl, i have had my ring (first love) for about 2 weeks now and i think it is so beautiful.  i can't stop looking at it.  it is definitely more beautiful in person.  photographs do not bring out the true beauty of your 'diamonds'.  my boyfriend, now fiancé, can't even look at it in sunlight because he says that it blinds him.  it is amazing.  i had settled on a much smaller carat mined diamond ring that was more expensive before i found your website.  i was hesitant at first but decided to try because i could get so much more ring for the money.  i also felt better about simulant diamonds knowing that no one is harmed in the process of acquiring them.  the ring is wonderful and fills my days with joy.  every night i clean it and put it to bed so it will be as sparkly as the day it was received.   it is so beautiful that i had to order my mom the martini set 1.03 carat, 2.06 total carats, stud earrings for mother's day!  i wanted to give her something that sparkles as much as her personality.  i know she will love them as much as i love my ring.   thank you so much!" -lindsey m., united states "i wanted to say thank you for the custom order that i received about 6 weeks ago. it was the 3- stone pendant that was done with 3 heart shaped stones, for my wife, for our 27th anniversary. she absolutely loved it! and i was actually able to keep it a surprise until the last minute! you did a nice job on the setting & the pendant along with the heart shaped earrings that i got from you for valentine's day, look great on her. i planned these two purchases as a valentine's day, & anniversary present, with the main focus for her to have something substantial, but yet elegant & understated to wear for our son's wedding, in early june.   i think, i achieved what i was trying to do, thanks to you!   sincerely," -john b., united states "thank you, thank you, thank you.  i love my stud earrings.  i compared my diamond nexus studs to my real diamond studs that i paid $1,500.00 and i could not tell the difference.  i just can't believe how good your earrings look.  if i didn't order them in white gold i would not be able to tell them apart.  i also just ordered a pair of hoops earrings from ziamond and i am sending them back.   if anyone have any doubts, believe me i have real diamonds and a moissanite ring and my diamond nexus ring looks ten times better than my moissanite and it cost a lot less." -vee, united states "george, again i want to thank you and everyone associated with dnl for the beautiful work done on my ring. i had deep concerns about sending the ring  because i didn't know the carat weight of the stone.  but as you assured me, i was in good hands.  now i have a beautiful ring with a stone to match.  and it sparkles!   sincerely,"-stephanie g. , united states "hi there kay and everyone, i just wanted to thank you for being so very accommodating, kind, efficient, and helpful. i can't tell you how much i love my second ring. it is gorgeous and i have gotten many, many compliments on it." -w.m., united states "hello kay, gee, where to start? when my boyfriend of 4 years took me engagement ring shopping the first thing i thought of was 'no way am i going to let you spend this outrageous sum of money for a diamond!'  after being married more than once i could certainly think of many other things to do with $10,000.  i immediately started to search the web and found your site finding the perfect ring (three-stone timeless) and ordered it immediately.  i was nervous as to how 'real' it would look but i was comforted by your triple guarantees.  needless to say, when the ring arrived it was even more beautiful than i imagined.  i was a bit nervous at showing it off at first thinking people would somehow 'know' it was a simulant, but that was far from the case.  everybody was in awe of how beautiful it is and the boyfriend was getting complimented on his good taste and large wallet. i do think part of it all is to choose a realistic carat size--i chose a 1 carat center stone + 2 addl. stones for tcw of 1.91 which made folks say "wow! that's one nice size diamond 'you better make sure that it‘s insured!'  vs. choosing an unrealistic carat size that would be totally unbelievable regardless of how authentic it looked. thank you for saving us thousands of dollars and i look forward to ordering from your company again!   regards," -nancy a., united states "dear gary, george, and armand, while i am writing i am looking at this breathtaking and stunning creation on my right hand. the absolutely real looking nexus diamonds are throwing fiery rainbows and the design of the ring is majestic. it is indeed heavy and it feels right to wear it on my right hand where it fits perfectly. i can't wait to take the ring out and i am thrilled to see how people will react thank you all so much i am looking forward to further projects in the future.   all the best" -munay d. , united states "i received the ring last evening and wanted to let you know that the stone is beautiful and everything you described. the clarity and brilliance is fantastic, and cannot tell it from a real diamond and the cost is unbelievable. we are very pleased with it and will definitely do more business with your company again. thank you again," -james t., united states "hi sheri, thank you very much for sending me the stone. it's so beautiful; i don't have enough words to say how i love it.   the new cut you told me wow!...speechless breathless i got the stone on monday morning instead of tuesday thank you again for saving my money.   i will come back to buy more from you.   best regards," -erica n., germany "i want to thank you for creating such beautiful earrings.  what's also been very important to me is your personal approach to customer satisfaction.  it is what sets you apart from other companies. i can buy earrings anywhere as i live in an area where jewelry companies are everywhere.  the quality of yours is exceptional and the presentation is just beautiful.  plus, you responded to my inquiries promptly and my order came so fast i was amazed.  i also did research into the quality of your product and did a price comparison.  you came out on top for both.  i will definitely be a repeat customer." -nancy l., united states "i received my sassy and chic ring yesterday and it is the most beautiful ring i've ever seen.  my friends are going to be green!!!  my husband and i have been married for 15 years and have 4 children.  he watched a program on pbs about the debeers scam and now we are believers!  your prices are terrific for the high quality of workmanship. we will be customers for life.  i look forward to matching earrings, maybe for my birthday, june 14th. thank you for your wonderful service." -karin b., united states "dear sir/madam, thank you so much for sending me the most beautiful princess cut simulant diamond. words cannot express what you have sent to me, i am utterly delighted. this is the third stone i have bought and i am delighted to report they are all magnificent. it is such a pleasure to do hassle free business with you; you have absolutely 'won' me. i am awaiting the delivery of the "westminster" ring i ordered from you, and just can't wait to see what pops out of the box, i just hope my heart keeps up with all this excitement.....! i will be placing an order for an anniversary ring shortly. my kindest regards and best wishes." -leigh h., australia "hi, i just received my heat cocktail ring and it‘s beautiful." -tiffanie k., united states "hi, i recently purchased a pair of princess royal collection oval cut (stud earrings, tension backs) , 1.5 total carat weight.i am very pleased with your service thus far and was very pleased with the quality of the earrings..thanks for your help and excellent service!" -delores h., united states "hi robert! so far i have been very satisfied with my stone! it is amazing-not one person has asked me if it wasn't real.thanks." -gianna p., united states "dear customer service, i really like my glittering sky (posh ring)." -sumbul r., united states "hello, first of all the ring is gorgeous.  thank you so much - it is everything i'd hoped for. thank you!"-casey f., united states "thank you - i am delighted with your product!!  i have a $30k+ tiffany diamond engagement ring that is beautiful, but questionably worth the cost, given that when it gets dirty (which is every day) it doesn't matter what the cut/color/clarity is! when i started looking for diamond earrings i really wasn't sure about spending so much money, especially since it is so easy to lose earrings, and since my time at harvard business school taught me that the price of diamonds is completely artificially inflated and subject to change eventually.i found your store via google and ordered earrings and they are perfect. i never write these emails-i am far to busy as an executive at a fortune 500 company-so the fact that i am taking the time to write to you should hopefully tell you how delighted i am.  thank you!  i will definitely be a return customer." -kim j., united states "hi gary , just a note to tell you thank you. your customer service was just awesome. the ring i ordered is beautiful. thank you again." -kelley k., united states "hello nexus, we have received the ring today. the ring is beautiful. what a sparkler. thank you so very much. the packaging is rather lovely too." -chris & ray m., united kingdom "hi robert, the earrings came today (tuesday).  they are beautiful.a young lady is very thrilled. thanks a million." -adger t., united states "dear sir/madam, thanks so much for the beautiful trillion cut stone that arrived today. i have to say that i was somewhat unconvinced that i would receive such a beautiful creation, and i have to say that i am delighted that i was wrong!!! i have a number of lovely diamonds i my possession and have compared them to this beautiful simulant. it makes me question why anyone would invest in the natural sort, when quite seriously you cannot tell the difference between the two. i will be back shortly to place an order for a ring. cheers and much good luck from this completely satisfied customer. kind regards." -ann h., australia "hello, just wanted to tell you that you did a great job putting the [dnl] stone in the ring i sent you. my wife will love it, really looks great. could sure fool me." -chuck c., united states "gentlemen:  thank you for the prompt shipment of my order, it was received before christmas and it is just as nice as i expected!...thank you again, it is beautiful." -linda v., united states "hi robert, just wanted to let you know that the ear rings arrived on the 22nd and proved a big hit on christmas day.  my wife was really amazed by them. (the fact they arrived in time made things even better for me.) so thanks again to you and all at diamond nexus labs for a superb service and great gems. have a happy and safe new year. best regards," -arnold m., united states "hello, i received my ring yesterday dec. 20th and am very pleased with it.  the service was very good and ups delivered when they said they would, so thank-you." -pauline h., united states "hi bridget, just wanted to let you know i got my ring and it is magnificent!  thank you for all you did to make it happen. i plan on getting those earrings i have in my cart after the first of the year. i hope you have a blessed christmas and a happy new year.  take care." -judy r., united states "hi, i ordered and received the 6 ct. tw. diamond studs and am very happy with them. i would (also) like to order the largest stud earrings with screw on backs. thank you so much." -rada a., united states "george, my wife just got home and the ring fits great!!! there will be no need to send it back to resize it. thank you very much for all your help. i will be ordering more jewelry in the future. again, thanks." -kenny r., united states "it is my pleasure to do business with diamond nexus.  thank you." -ann g., united states "greetings, first i must say that i am very pleased with my purchase from your company. i had ordered a 1.6 carat diamond pendant for my fiancé for her birthday and when i got it, i was thoroughly surprised with the elegance and the perfection of the diamond, and the presentation itself. thank you for that.i'm an engineer and i thoroughly support what you're doing.i have only recently learned of the actual 'scam' of the gem industry and i feel like if your diamonds are indistinguishable from natural diamonds, an end can be even nearer than expected for the natural diamond market. anyway, thanks for the great product." -ron v., united states "i just received a pair of earrings that i bought for my wife for christmas.  they are absolutely beautiful.  the packaging was very nice and they were shipped very quickly.  thank you for your excellent service.  i have recommended your company to both of my brothers.  i look forward to doing more business with you in the future.  i hope my wife doesn't get tired of diamonds.  sincerely," -seth a., united states "my apologies -- the parcel was delivered on the 14th -- the driver signed for me (as i know him) and left the parcel at my back door.  the pendant is beautiful and i will wear it with pride.  thank you for shipping it to me in time for the holidays.  i will find a setting worthy of the 2.5 carat loose stone in the new year. thank you so much for your customer service.  i will be ordering from you again.   merry christmas." -marva s., canada "hi robert: my purchases arrived last night.  they are absolutely gorgeous.  thank you." -sue c., canada "bridget, i can't thank you enough.  you have been wonderful to work with and because of that i will continue to shop with diamond nexus.  there are a few things i saw that i would like to get for myself.  thank you again and i wish you happy holidays. sincerely," -judy r., united states "hi!!! i just wanted to let you know i have received my earrings.  they are so beautiful!!!!!!!!  i feel like a princess!!!!  thanks so very much!!!!" -dawn w., united states "hi, i just received my white gold 1/2 carat princess cut diamond stud earrings & i wanted to let you know they are gorgeous, i love them!! thank you so much!!  happy holidays!"  -robin p., united states "thank you, the service thus far has been outstanding and i am very impressed with the stones quality." -adam g., united states "customer service: my order was received and is beautiful, much better than any of the other 1/2 carat diamonds i was looking at." -matthew w., united states "i gave my wife the diamond earrings last night. they are beautiful! she said it was exactly what she wanted. she loves the look of diamonds, but ever since we watched the documentary about the debeers cartel on frontline (several years ago); she has not wanted any mined diamonds. thank you again." -karl r., united states "george, i just wanted to thank you so much for the wonderful 'diamond' from nexus.  i ordered a 1.5 ct. loose diamond on thursday, and it was waiting for me on monday morning when i arrived at work.  what a beautiful way to start the day - the diamond is beautiful - just as promised.  i can't wait to replace my chipped diamond in my wedding ring; i know it will be beautiful."  -leah w., united states "robert, you are an angel.............many thanks..........i look forward to doing a lot more business with you. kindest regards," -john w., united kingdom "dear sirs: recently i have ordered and received a very beautiful ring from your company. incidentally, i'm 77 yrs old and so is my wife for whom the ring is intended.  we've been married 5 years!  it's intended as an anniversary gift.  at this stage who can wait for 20 to 25 years!!!! thanks for your help." -william h., united states "hello - i'm just overwhelmed!  when, about a week before christmas, i requested that you exchange a ring i'd already received; you explained that it would be impossible; your goldsmiths were simply covered up with christmas orders and it just could not happen. well, i had explained in my exchange request that we are 76 year-old newlyweds and that this ring was intended to be the token of celebration of our being together 5 years this christmas; that after all, at our age folks don't wait for 10th, 20th, years since those might or might not be achievable. when i decided that a picture would be the next best thing to the real thing and went back to your web site to find the ring and print its picture.monday morning i called, and as usual got to speak with a "real" person.  he looked up the record and reported that you had shipped the ring that very day (december 19, 2005). you've never admitted it, but i am personally convinced that someone in your organization realized the significance of this gift and its importance to a couple of "old" lovers!...thanks.  thanks to your company and to all your truly great customer-oriented associates. merry christmas (belated) and happy new year." -william h., united states "i received my earrings and they are beautiful!" -julie m., united states "the earrings arrived today. to my eyes they are beautiful. too bad my ears aren't pierced..thanks so much for your help." -john t., united states "dear bridget, i received the package today, thank you for your efforts: i look forward to dealing with you again, the earings are lovely....i'm sure my wife will be thrilled. best regards." -michael t., united kingdom "dear diamond nexus, .the earrings that you sent are lovely and it is pleasure doing business with you. i wish you continued success and will tell my friends about the great customer service, speedy delivery and great products. happy holidays...sincerely," -daniela b., united states "bridget, i want to thank you for all that you have done to help me get the exact ring i was looking for.  since your company has generously made the improvements on it, it is stunning and exactly what i wanted.  i want to tell you and diamond nexus that everyone that looks at it thinks it is beautiful.  again, thank you so much." -mandy s., united states "i recently bought a ladies solitaire ring from you. it is a beautiful ring." - tracy n., united states "thanks so much for the lovely ring that i just received." -tony l., united states "dear mr. d'broussard; thank you very very much for your extremely quick response to my request for a ring.  your amazing thoughtfulness in sending a substitute ring to save the occasion for me was an absolute lifesaver!!!  to go the extra mile on such short notice to ensure that a customer is happy is unparallel with most companies these days, and to do it at no charge is unheard of! the ring that you sent was beautiful and my wife was delighted.  when she found out that there was yet another ring coming she was ecstatic. you saved me and the occasion and i will be a loyal customer forever! the quality and appearance of the stones are phenomenal and it will be virtually impossible for anyone to tell that the stones are not actually real diamonds.  i will wholeheartedly recommend your company to everyone and as i stated before, you have gained a loyal repeat customer. thank you." -chris w., united states "once i was given a diamond promise ring costing almost $1000. i needed a tweezers and a magnifying glass to get a decent look at the embarrassing particle of the so-called diamond. upon close inspection, it looked yellow to me. recently i bought a 2.0 carat diamond nexus solitaire ring, dwarfing the diamond on my old tinted milky-looking promise ring. comparing the rings side-by-side is a joke. my diamond nexus ring is truly amazing. major bling! my envious friends can't tell the difference." -justine h., united states "i have just received the ring my fiancée ordered from your web site and i had to write and let you know how thrilled i am. the ring is stunning, well made and looks identical to top quality diamond. my fiancée wanted to buy me a 'real' diamond and we shopped extensively, but i was uncomfortable spending so much money when i couldn't be guaranteed that i wasn't being ripped off. i must admit there were some sleepless nights after ordering from your website as we were both nervous buying without seeing and from the other side of the world. when we opened your package and saw the beautifully presented ring, we were both stunned at the fantastic prices you are able to offer on your jewelry. we cannot recommend your company highly enough. thank you!" -krista h., australia ".i have a bachelor's degree in science with majors in both biology and chemistry and a master's degree.i think it is by far the closest thing i have ever seen to a 'natural' diamond in 'naked eye' appearance, as well as in refraction. it "catches" light the way a mined diamond does.i appreciate all the time you have spent with me.  it speaks volumes about your dedication to your stones, as well as to your customers.  i assure we will be back for more.  thanks!" sherry m. , united states "i received my ring and earrings today and they are beautiful. thanks." -willena f., united states "gentlemen: i have received the order and i am delighted with the jewelry! thanks much!" -allen b., united states "good day diamond nexus, i have done business with you before and the product was great. i now would like to get something for myself but it is not on the web site.thanks for your continued service. your loyal customer," -monty f., united states "dear sirs, the quality of the ring was very impressive and i will most definitely be visiting your site again in the future. many thanks." -jane e., united kingdom "hi. i received my earrings (2 carats each, brilliant cut) last month and i love them!!  they look like the real thing." -mary m., united states "hi....cancel the email i sent yesterday, the ring arrived this morning!  packaging quite amazing :-)).  it is a christmas present for my wife but as it‘s over the guarantee time i gave it to her today.  to say she is pleased is an understatement.  when she finally got to the last box...its like a puzzle getting through the various boxes.... the result was sheer delight!! she does have a moissanite ring...she's extremely pleased with that, but yours is better!!  looks like a few more will be winging their way to wales :-). we will be ringing you later, but 'till then, many thanks...you have well exceeded our expectations!" -angela and dick b. (another very satisfied customer!), united kingdom "hello! my name is bobbie s. and i have just placed my 2nd order of 2-1/4 ct. oval gemstones. i ordered the 1ct. 2 weeks ago and i am absolutely blown away!!!  i just can't believe how beautiful this stone is.  no one will ever know and now i can buy a house!!" -bobbie s., united states "dear diamond nexus:  you recently sent me (customer ordered a loose gemstone) a sample of your diamond nexus, i am impressed. thank you." -gara w., united states "hello, i just wanted you to know, i think the ring, that i received on friday is absolutely beautiful .   i am satisfied with the quality and design!!!  this ring is actually more beautiful in hand, than the photo on your website!!  i think this should be a very popular design!! again, thank you very much for a quality piece of jewelry and the excellent and responsive customer service!!!" -roger g., united states "i received my ring today.  it is beautiful." becky c., united states "i have recently purchased a 1.75 carat stone from you.  i am extremely pleased with the quality and i would like to know if you can custom design an engagement ring for me. i am attaching the pic of the ring i would like.  i would like the center stone to be 1.75 carats and the two side stones to be .75 carats each and the six smaller stones on the band to be .25 carats each.  the ring size is six and i would like for it to be finished in platinum.  firstly with the stone sizes i have requested is it possible to create this ring without destroying the shape and look of it?  also if you could please send me a price quote for the ring. thank you." -bob s., united states "hello ms riley, thank you very much your service has been excellent and i will be shopping again very soon!!!!" -christine c., united states "i am really happy that i found your company. i was looking for conflict-free diamonds at an affordable price and i searched forever to find your company." -christine k., united states "hello! i just received my new custom (1 ct. each) wedding rings.  they're beautiful!" -linda w., united states "i just received my ring today and it is absolutely beautiful! i am very happy in my decision to buy from you, and your guarantees really are the reason i chose you over other companies. i can't stop looking at my ring, it is so sparkly and the craftsmanship is superb. i can't justify spending thousands of dollars on a mediocre diamond when i have 2 little mouths to feed; you have created a fabulous alternative. i can't wait to show it off!" - maria c., united states "thank you . my item arrived today. and i must tell you that it looks beautiful i cannot wait to mount it on my setting. and the packaging is outrageously beautiful. thank you. i will definitely buy again." -christina t., saint lucia "thanks! i have the ones (earrings) that i just got today in and i've gotten lots of compliments!!!" -lauren m., united states "hi ... just want to let you know i've received the earrings. first, i'd like to say that i think your including the tiny box of godiva was a really nice touch, as well as an envelope with hand-written name.  you folks are definitely on top of it and do excellent work." -sandra m., united states "good evening, i stumbled upon your website whilst reading about moissanite stones. i prefer a simulated diamond as i feel that yours are as good if not better than the real thing." -storme-marie b., united kingdom "thank you very much for all your efforts. i look forward to dealing with your company again." -jason c., united states "hi, i really love the diamond ring, precious smile, designed by broussard." heather m., united states "hello: i received the earrings & they are beautiful!!!!!!!!!!! thanks." -michael l., united states "thank you! you have been very patient and  helpful!" -janet a., united states "dear sir/madam, i sure an glad i found your site, the guy who i was buying from disappeared and nobody has seen him for months. i don't have any idea what happened to him but i'm glad i didn't give him my $5000. ring to mount a moissanite stone in. thank you."-chuck c., united states "dear dnl, i just received my new cocktail ring and found it absolutely stunning!   my best regards." -bonnie b, united states "wow these diamond stud earrings are just beautiful and so nicely packaged for christmas. thanks so much i am thrilled to have learned of your company." charles a., united states "hello bridget and thanks for sending me that eye-popping stone. it is simply beautiful! i also want to thank you and your company for delivering the stone that i ordered (even better as it turns out) and believing me when i told you that the stone that i ordered and paid for was not delivered. i do look forward to more transactions and will try to send some business your way." -charles a., united states "hi - i had a question about one of your product...i had a friend that ordered a product (and i want one too). can you direct me to that product on your website? i couldn't manage to find it. thanks for your help!!"-leighanna c., united states "robert , thanks . order arrived....i am pleased . will do business again and will recommend to friends . thanks again..."-david s., united states "good morning bridget, i love my pendant and earrings that i just received today but the earrings (3ctw).many thanks and again i absolutely love them!!"brooke s., united states "i got the ring. it is very nice....thanks i look forward to the others." -sumner s., united states "thank-you you guys are very reliable and i would recommend you to anyone i know. your product is beautiful we love it."-sammy s., united states "i received my ring it is gorgeous. thanks." -violet p., united states "wow!! what service. don't get this great of service from a diamond store. and your website is great. you know, i looked at moissanite before making my decision to buy from you and i'm glad i did. just wanted you to know." -brooke s., united states "i got my ring! and chocolate and a letter from the person who designed the ring and pretty wrapping and a case!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you sooooooooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it is so beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thankyou thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! p.s. thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" -ruth l., united states "dear robert: thought i would let you know that my nexus diamond arrived today. it is truly a beautiful ring. i have never seen my husband look at a piece of jewelry as long as he has this ring. he too thinks it an exceptional ring. the godiva chocolates were a nice touch. thanks so much." -nadean h., united states "robert: kathy's rings are incredibly superb! fantastic! simply fabulous! indeed, they are tremendously "bling-bling-blang-pazazzo"! ha! kathy is absolutely thrilled with them, especially the oval one! please inform your designer, armand, that his work is the greatest! furthermore, robert, you yourself are a tremendous customer service representative! frankly, my friend, if it had not been for your own very personal touch in this transaction, i probably would not have purchased these rings! you see, i'm very cautious about buying things via the internet. however, because of the very personal and professional manner in which you handled me, we moved forward with the deal and are now extremely pleased we did so!! accordingly, i hereby authorize your company to use this "happy-customer" testimonial in all your future advertising campaigns; as i'm pleased to recommend your company's products and services to everyone! take care, robert, and thanks again my friend!" -terry c., united states "just at a quick line to say received all goods and they are everything that they should be the trillion stone is wonderfull many thanks look forward to shopping again with yourselves which i will be doing many thanks." isobel w., united kingdom "hi robert! i got the earrings today via ups. thank you so much - i am very happy with the earrings. thank you again for the wonderful service." -emily d., united states "thank you so much for your expeditious processing of my order. the loose stones you sent are as represented and exceed my most sanguine expectations. i will no doubt patronize your company in the future and shall recommend your product without reservation. very best regards." -barry r., united states "hi, i bought a one carat loose diamond from diamond nexus and it is beautiful. thank you." -sonya m., canada "hello. i received my order #65 for the ingenuous ring.  it is beautiful. thank you." -corey s., united states "i received my ring yesterday and it is beautiful!" - vikki d. , united states "perfection is an understatement." -tammy s., united states "your customer service was top-notch, and your products are no less than amazing. it is no accident that i am a repeat customer. of course, your attention to detail was proven once again when i got a refund check for an overpayment that i made the same day my order arrived. thank you." - kelly e., united states "the uncertainties of buying diamond jewelry, knowing the odds are that i will be at best overcharged, or at worst flagrantly ripped off, scares me. de beers eat my dust! diamond nexus labs blows you out of the water." -steve g., united states "i received my order yester-day, and i just had to let you know how happy i am. my new earrings are fantastic and better then i had hoped for! i am totally excited." -ester t., united states "i have bought jewelry before on the web, some good, some not so good that i returned. yours by far was the most beautiful and the best overall value, but that did not motivate me to write. i know this may sound stupid, but it was your packaging that impressed me (but not as much as my new pendant). i was expecting my jewelry to come in a cheap box or a plastic zip-lock bag. instead, it was in a lovely presentation case. i would be proud to give this piece as a gift, but i am going to keep it for myself!" -kevin o., united states "i got my 'diamond' from you three weeks ago. i can't believe how much it looks like a real diamond. i love it! i have a real diamond that is chipped, which made me sick when i noticed it, that i am replacing with the stone i bought from your company. after my new 'diamond' was mounted in my old setting, it looks better than my old real stone. by the way, your lifetime replacement guarantee is why i bought from you." -lorissa j., canada "as a repeat diamond nexus customer, i always come back to the same question: would i rather buy diamond nexus labs jewelry with all the aesthetic cachet of diamond jewelry for an infinitesimal fraction of the cost and keep the vast majority of my money, or do i break the bank and help make a jeweler rich?" -dawn h., france "i own four pieces of jewelry from your company. the craftsmanship is superb." -grant w., australia "major bling-bling for small paper!" - florence m., united states "i was nervous about buying a ring for my wife, but saving $11,000.00 along with your guarantees pushed me over the edge. guess what? ever since she got it, she has been parading around showing it off to everyone, and not a single person has asked if it is "real." she has even compared it to her friend's rings, never resulting in a naysayer. my wife is elated, and thinks i am a brilliant shopper. my wallet is very happy too!" -susan h., united states "last week i got a gift of one of your rings from my boyfriend. everyone at work thinks i am dating donald trump!" -anne z., united states "i have a boat load of fashion [note: writer is referring to plated metal settings when they say "fashion."] jewelry that just sits in a drawer and i never wear it. most of this jewelry looks shabby and worn. i have two diamond nexus 14k gold pieces that i have worn almost every day for the last 2 years, and they look like the day they came out of the box. the compliments i have gotten are too many to even begin to count." -michael s., united states "i owned expensive diamond jewelry. i constantly paid to insure it. i forever worried that i would lose expensive jewelry pieces, damage them, or have them stolen. if i can, i am going to auction off all my diamond jewelry, replace all the pieces with diamond nexus, and bank the momentous difference." -frank m., united states our feedback and testimonials are certified by trusted testimonials.com, the industry benchmark for third-party validation. when you read what our customers have to say about us, you can rest assured that the information is real, accurate—and certified. glossary privacy statement list of all articles shipping information notification of copyright, trademark, and other proprietary information included on this web page. all components found on this site, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, and photos are proprietary information and copyrighted property of diamond nexus labs. no component of this web site may be copied or duplicated without prior written permission from diamond nexus labs. all proprietary rights to all names, trademarks and images contained on this web site, regardless of whether a trademark registration has been secured, are reserved. copyright 2006 diamond nexus labs. free catalog by mail.request yours today experience our award winning customer service risk free shopping information & education center shipping we accept ...