来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231125938/http://www.betabrand.com/terms_of_use
================================================================================

terms of use it seems javascript is disabled. please enable javascript for the site to work correctly. or give us a call us at 800-694-9491 to place an order, or get assistance. free standard shipping worldwide on all orders $99 or more. 800.694.9491 log in / sign up 0 checkout search how it works men's pants shirts hoodies jackets shoes tees sweaters denim socks bags & more women's tops sweaters outerwear pants skirts dresses bags & more collections it's our annual cleanse sale! crowdfunding bike to work west coast workwear dress pant sweatpants dress pant yoga pants discolab sons of britches cordarounds tomo saito reversible smoking jackets karate casual vagilab sock insurance think tank crowdfunding vote successfully funded submit a design model citizen shop men's pants shirts hoodies jackets shoes tees sweaters denim socks bags & more women's tops sweaters outerwear pants skirts dresses bags & more collections it's our annual cleanse sale! crowdfunding bike to work west coast workwear dress pant sweatpants dress pant yoga pants discolab sons of britches cordarounds tomo saito reversible smoking jackets karate casual vagilab sock insurance fund be on the forefront of fashion: fund prototypes, save up to 30% and help to turn ideas into actual products. newest designs ending soon successfully funded blue plaid saito shacket by tomo saito participate you decide what betabrand makes next — it could even be your own design! vote for designs submit an idea the solitaire by margaret cho become a model citizen to be the star of our site and get deep discounts. be a model citizen get $25 home men's pants shirts hoodies jackets shoes tees sweaters denim socks bags & more view all women's tops sweaters outerwear pants skirts dresses bags & more view all collections it's our annual cleanse sale! crowdfunding bike to work west coast workwear dress pant sweatpants dress pant yoga pants discolab sons of britches cordarounds tomo saito reversible smoking jackets karate casual vagilab sock insurance view all think tank crowdfunding vote successfully funded submit a design view all model citizen billboard contest view all search accounts log in / sign up terms of use please read these terms of use (the "agreement" or "terms of use") carefully before using the website or services offered by betabrand, inc. this agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the website at www.betabrand.com, all other sites owned and operated by betabrand that redirect to www.betabrand.com, and all subdomains (collectively, the “site”), and the service owned and operated by the company (together with the site, the “service”). by using the service in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the site or contributing content, information, or other materials or services to the site, you agree to be bound by this agreement. summary of service the betabrand website is offered as a service to our customers; the betabrand think tank (“think tank”) is a platform where the company runs campaigns to fund creative projects submitted by certain users ("designers") by offering discounts to raise money from other users (“backers”). through the site, email, websites, and other media, the service makes accessible various content, including, but not limited to, videos, photographs, images, artwork, graphics, audio clips, comments, data, text, projects, other material and information, and associated trademarks and copyrightable works (collectively, “content”). betabrand corporation grants you (the user) a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. this license does not include the right to download any material (other than routine page caching), modify any material, or any portion thereof, without the express written consent of betabrand corporation. this license excludes the download or collection of logos, product descriptions, pricing, text, graphics, audio and video clips, and/or copying account information. this website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written permission of betabrand corporation. you are prohibited from using meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing betabrand’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of betabrand corporation. any unauthorized use of this websites voids the limited license granted by betabrand corporation. designers, backers, and other visitors to and users of the think tank service (collectively, “users”) may have the ability to contribute, add, create, submit, distribute, facilitate the distribution of, collect, post, or otherwise make accessible ("submit") content. “user submissions” means any content submitted by users. such user submissions are further addressed in “user submitted intellectual property,” below. acceptance of terms the service is offered subject to acceptance of all of the terms and conditions contained in these terms of use, including the privacy policy available at http://www.betabrand.com/privacy, and all other operating rules, policies, and procedures that may be published on the site by the company, which are incorporated by reference. these terms of use apply to every user of the service. in addition, some services offered through the service may be subject to additional terms and conditions adopted by the company. your use of those services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these terms of use by this reference. the company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace these terms of use by posting the updated terms on the site. it is your responsibility to check the terms of use periodically for changes. your continued use of the service following the posting of any changes to the terms of use constitutes acceptance of those changes. the company reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue the service (including, but not limited to, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time for any reason. the company may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the service without notice or liability. the service is available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old (and at least the legal age in your jurisdiction). you represent and warrant that if you are an individual, you are at least 18 years old and of legal age in your jurisdiction to form a binding contract, and that all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful. the company reserves the right to ask for proof of age from you and your account may be suspended until satisfactory proof of age is provided. the company may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. this provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the service is revoked in those jurisdictions. trademarks “betabrand,” the betabrand logo, and other marks indicated on our site are trademarks owned exclusively by betabrand corporation. the use of these trademarks and trade dress is prohibited if used in connection with the sale of any product that is not betabrand’s, in any manner that seeks to disparages or discredit betabrand or in any manner that may cause confusion among our customers. copyright all content on this website, except for user generated submissions via the think tank (see user submitted intellectual property), is the exclusive property of betabrand corporation. said content includes text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio and video clips, digital downloads, and software. our content is protected by united states and international copyright laws and we reserve all rights contained therein. in case of dispute or infringement, we will rigorously defend our rights to this material. rules and conduct as a condition of use, you promise not to use the service for any purpose that is prohibited by the terms of use or law. the service is provided only for your own personal, non-commercial use. you are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the service. you shall not, and shall not permit any third party using your account to, take any action, or submit content, that: infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other right of any other person or entity, or violates any law or contract; you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate; is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, tortious, obscene, offensive, profane, or invasive of another's privacy; constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material or any junk mail, spam, or chain letters; contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit, or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password, or other information of the company or any third party; is made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence; or impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of the company. additionally, you shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by the company in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the company’s or its third-party providers’ infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the service or any activities conducted on the service; (iii) bypass any measures the company may use to prevent or restrict access to the service (or other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to the service); (iv) run maillist, listserv, or any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the service; or (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to "crawl" or "spider" any page of the site. you shall not directly or indirectly: (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the service, except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction; (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the service; or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder. you shall abide by all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations. designers agree to not abuse other users' personal information. abuse is defined as using personal information for any purpose other than those explicitly specified in the designer ’s project. voting all votes must be voluntary and uncompensated. votes may not be cast by any automated method. entrants may not vote for their own entries, may not compensate anyone in exchange for votes, or otherwise obtain votes through fraud, coercion, or other unfair means. sponsor reserves the right to exclude any votes that have been obtained in violation of these rules. registration you may view content on the site without registering, but as a condition of using certain aspects of the service, you may be required to register with the company and select a screen name ("user id") and password. you shall provide accurate, complete, and updated registration information. failure to do so shall constitute a breach of the terms of use, which may result in immediate termination of your account. you shall not use as a user id, domain name, or project name any name or term that (i) is the name of another person, with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) is subject to any rights of another person, without appropriate authorization; or (iii) is offensive, vulgar, or obscene. the company reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse registration of or cancel a user id, domain name, and project name. you are solely responsible for activity that occurs on your account and shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password for the site. you shall never use another user account without the other user’s express permission. you will immediately notify the company in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other known account-related security breach. projects: fundraising and commerce by backing a project on betabrand’s think tank, you agree to be bound by this entire agreement, including the following terms: backers agree to provide their payment information at the time they pledge to a campaign. the payment will be collected when the funding goal is achieved. (minimum number of people funding product) backers consent to betabrand and its payments partners authorizing or reserving a charge on their payment card or other payment method for the full amount agreed upon. backers agree to have sufficient funds or credit available at to ensure that the amount will be collectible. the estimated delivery date listed on each reward is not a promise to fulfill by that date, but is merely an estimate of when the betabrand hopes to fulfill by. betabrand agrees to make a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its estimated delivery date. betabrand reserves the right to cancel a pledge at any time and for any reason. betabrand reserves the right to reject, cancel, interrupt, remove, or suspend a campaign at any time and for any reason. betabrand is not liable for any damages as a result of any of those actions. betabrand’s policy is not to comment on the reasons for any of those actions. betabrand is under no obligation to become involved in disputes between any users, or between users and any third party arising in connection with the use of the service. you release betabrand, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, damages, and demands of every kind, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and the service. payments high-level designers (contributing sketches, flats, patterns, marketing etc) will receive a commission of 10% of all net sales (price at time of sale minus discounts and returns) for the first 1000 units, 5% on the next 1000 units, and 2.5% on the following 1000 units sold on www.betabrand.com within 2 years. no sales via affiliate sites will be included. designers have the option to accept a one time fee to be agreed upon in place of the commission. entry-level designers (ideas submitted without artwork, or with artwork that needs to re-rendered to be displayed, or that need retooling for feasibility) will receive 10 items for friends and family when the product reaches its funding goal. if the product does not reach its funding goal, the designer will receive a betabrand gift coupon for 25% off. third-party sites the service may permit you to link to other websites or resources on the internet, and other websites or resources may contain links to the site. when you access third-party websites, you do so at your own risk. those other websites are not under the company's control, and you acknowledge that the company is not liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness, or any other aspect of those other websites or resources. the inclusion on another website of any link to the site does not imply endorsement by or affiliation with the company. you further acknowledge and agree that the company shall not be liable for any damage related to the use of any content, goods, or services available through any third-party website or resource. content and license you agree that the service contains content provided by the company and its partners and users and that the content may be protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, or other rights and laws. you shall abide by and maintain all copyright and other legal notices, information, and restrictions contained in any content accessed through the service. the company grants to each user of the service a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use and reproduce the content, solely for personal, non-commercial use. use, reproduction, modification, distribution, or storage of any content for other than personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without prior written permission from the company, or from the copyright holder. you shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any content for commercial use or in any way that violates any third-party right. user submitted intellectual property by submitting user submissions on the site or otherwise through the service, you agree to the following terms: the company will not have any ownership rights over your user submissions. however, the company needs the following license to perform and market the service on your behalf and on behalf of its other users and itself. you grant to the company the worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right to (and to allow others acting on its behalf to) (i) use, edit, modify, prepare derivative works of, reproduce, host, display, stream, transmit, playback, transcode, copy, feature, market, sell, distribute, and otherwise fully exploit your user submissions and your trademarks, service marks, slogans, logos, and similar proprietary rights (collectively, the "trademarks") in connection with (a) the service, (b) the company’s (and its successors' and assigns’) businesses, (c) promoting, marketing, and redistributing part or all of the site (and derivative works thereof) or the service in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third-party websites); (ii) take whatever other action is required to perform and market the service; (iii) allow its users to stream, transmit, playback, download, display, feature, distribute, collect, and otherwise use the user submissions and trademarks in connection with the service; and (iv) use and publish, and permit others to use and publish, the user submissions, trademarks, names, likenesses, and personal and biographical materials of you and the members of your group, in connection with the provision or marketing of the service. the foregoing license grant to the company does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your user submissions, including the right to grant additional licenses to your user submissions. you are publishing your user submission, and you may be identified publicly by your name or user id in association with your user submission. you grant to each user a non-exclusive license to access your user submissions through the service, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such user submissions solely for personal, non-commercial use. you further agree that your user submissions will not contain third-party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third-party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant betabrand all of the license rights granted herein. you will pay all royalties and other amounts owed to any person or entity based on your submitting user submissions to the service or the company’s publishing or hosting of the user submissions as contemplated by these terms of use. the use or other exploitation of user submissions by the company and users as contemplated by this agreement will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including without limitation any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights. the company shall have the right to delete, edit, modify, reformat, excerpt, or translate any of your user submissions. the company cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact while using the service. all content you access through the service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any resulting damage or loss to any party. in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act, betabrand has adopted a policy of, in appropriate circumstances, terminating user accounts that are repeat infringers of the intellectual property rights of others. betabrand also may terminate user accounts even based on a single infringement. copyright notifications betabrand will remove infringing materials in accordance with the dmca if properly notified that content infringes copyright. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit a notification by emailing us at thinktank@betabrand.com. your email must contain the following information (please confirm these requirements with your legal counsel, or see the u.s. copyright act, 17 u.s.c. §512(c)(3), for more information): an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site, sufficient for betabrand to locate the material; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you that the information in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. if you believe that your work has been removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, please submit a notification by emailing us at thinktank@betabrand.com. your counter-notice must contain the following information (please confirm these requirements with your legal counsel or see the u.s. copyright act, 17 u.s.c. §512(g)(3), for more information): a physical or electronic signature of the user of the services; identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled; a statement made under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material; and the subscriber's name, address, telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber's address is outside of the united states, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that the user will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subscriber (c)(1)(c) or an agent of such person. under the copyright act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material is infringing or was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability. if you fail to comply with these notice requirements, your notification or counter-notification may not be valid. redemption of free product and coupon offers from time to time, betabrand offers its clients special offers and discount codes to be used in conjunction with this website. these offers are frequently disseminated via this website and through email to those who have registered for our email database. they are sometimes posted on our home page (www.betabrand.com) or announced via other means of communication in conjunction with the promotion of the betabrand product collection, including radio and tv broadcasts, internet forums and various online websites. we encourage our clients to redeem these special offers, but we respectfully ask that you not exploit them. betabrand, at our sole discretion, will determine if all purchasing criteria has been met to qualify for stated discount or free product. if you successfully circumvent the software safeguards of this website in order to receive several free products with your order, then we will (at our sole discretion) remove any extraneous free product from your order or cancel the order in its entirety. you will be informed of any order changes via the phone number or email address listed with your order. please, play fair. termination the company may terminate your access to the service, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your account. if you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by following the instructions on the site. all provisions of the terms of use that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability. warranty disclaimer the company has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. you acknowledge that the company has no duty to take any action regarding any of the following: which users gain access to the site; what content users access through the site; what effects the content may have on users; how users may interpret or use the content; or what actions users may take as a result of having been exposed to the content. the company cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data or information that users provide about themselves or their campaigns and projects. you release the company from all liability for your having acquired or not acquired content through the site. the site may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. the company makes no representations concerning any content on the site, and the company is not liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained on the service. the company does not guarantee that any content will be made available through the service. the company has no obligation to monitor the service or content. the company reserves the right to, at any time, for any reason, and without notice: (i) cancel, reject, interrupt, remove, or suspend a project; (ii) remove, edit, or modify any content, including, but not limited to, any user submission; and (iii) remove or block any user or user submission. betabrand reserves the right not to comment on the reasons for any of these actions. the service is provided “as is” and “as available” and is without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties implied by any course of performance or usage of trade, all of which are expressly disclaimed. the company, and its directors, employees, agents, suppliers, partners, and content providers do not warrant that: (a) the service will be secure or available at any particular time or location; (b) any defects or errors will be corrected; (c) any content or software available at or through the service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or (d) the results of using the service will meet your requirements. your use of the service is solely at your own risk. some states or countries do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply to you. the company makes no guaranty of confidentiality or privacy of any communication or information transmitted on the site or any website linked to the site. the company will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other content stored on the company’s equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by the site, or otherwise connected with your use of the service. electronic communications privacy act notice (18 usc §2701-2711): the company makes no guaranty of confidentiality or privacy of any communication or information transmitted on the site or any website linked to the site. the company will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other content stored on the company’s equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by the site, or otherwise connected with your use of the service. indemnification you shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the company, its affiliates, and each of its and its affiliates’ employees, contractors, directors, suppliers, and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other legal costs, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the service and content, or otherwise from your user submissions, violation of the terms of use, or infringement by you, or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. the company reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with the company in asserting any available defenses. limitation of liability this site is provided by betabrand corporation on an “as is” and “as available” basis. betabrand corporation makes no warranties, either expressed or implied, as to the operation of the site or the content contained therein. you expressly agree that your use of www.betabrand.com is at your own risk. betabrand corporation cannot warrant that this site, our servers, or email communications affiliated with the use of this website, are free from viruses. betabrand corporation will not be responsible for any damages of any kind resulting from use of this website, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. international accessing the service is prohibited from territories where the content is illegal. if you access the service from other locations, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. electronic delivery, notice policy, and your consent by using the services, you consent to receive from betabrand all communications including notices, agreements, legally required disclosures, or other information in connection with the services (collectively, "contract notices") electronically. betabrand may provide the electronic contract notices by posting them on the site. if you desire to withdraw your consent to receive contract notices electronically, you must discontinue your use of the services. by creating a betabrand account, voting for a design in betabrand’s think tank, signing up for a newsletter, purchasing a product(s) on betabrand.com (or any affiliated websites) and/or volunteering your email address anywhere on betabrand.com (or any affiliated websites), you are consenting to receive email notifications and communications from betabrand and employees of betabrand. you are also consenting to have your email shared with betabrand’s trusted services. governing law these terms of service (and any further rules, policies, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california and the united states, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, and without application of the uniform computer information transaction act or the united nations convention of controls for international sale of goods. you agree that the company and its services are deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over betabrand or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers or shareholders, either specific or general, in any jurisdiction other than the state of california. you agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms, or your use or non-use of the services, shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in san francisco county in the state of california and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. you hereby irrevocably waive any right you may have to trial by jury in any dispute, action, or proceeding. integration and severability these terms of use and other referenced material are the entire agreement between you and the company with respect to the service, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and the company with respect to the service and govern the future relationship. if any provision of the terms of use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the terms of use will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. the failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. miscellaneous the company shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where the failure results from any cause beyond the company’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic, production, shipping, or communications failure or degradation. the terms of use are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable, or sublicensable by you except with the company's prior written consent. the company may assign, transfer, or delegate any of its rights and obligations hereunder without consent. no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of the terms of use and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect. in any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the terms of use, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys' fees. all notices under the terms of use will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service. intellectual property all text, graphics, button icons, images, audio clips, and software (collectively, "content"), belongs exclusively to the betabrand corporation, or its affiliates. the collection, arrangement, and assembly of all content on this site (the "compilation") belongs exclusively to betabrand corporation. or its affiliates. all software used on this site (the "software") is the property of betabrand corporation, its affiliates or its software suppliers. the content, the compilation and the software are all protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. betabrand and other logos, slogans, trade names or words are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of betabrand corporation, its affiliates, suppliers, or third parties. the use of any of our trademarks or service marks without our express written consent is strictly prohibited. you may not use our trademarks or service marks in connection with any product or service in any way that is likely to cause confusion. you may not use our trademarks or service marks in any manner that disparages or discredits us. you may not use any of our trademarks or service marks in meta tags without prior explicit consent. termination and effect of termination in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, we may, without prior notice to you, immediately terminate the agreement or revoke any or all of your rights granted under this agreement. upon any termination of this agreement, you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the site and we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, immediately revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of this site in whole or in part. any termination of this agreement shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination. international access this site may be accessed from countries other than the united states. this site may contain products or references to products that are not available outside of the united states. any such references do not imply that such products will be made available outside the united states. if you access and use this site outside the united states you are responsible for complying with your local laws and regulations. disclaimer and limitation of liability except as otherwise provided in the standard terms of sale that govern the sale of each product on this site, this site, the products offered for sale on it and the transactions conducted through it are provided by us on an "as is" basis. we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, noninfringement, title, quiet enjoyment, data accuracy and system integration. this site may include inaccuracies, mistakes or typographical errors. we do not warrant that the content will be uninterrupted or error free. to the maximum extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary, special or consequential damages. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, our total liability to you for any damages (regardless of the foundation for the action) shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of fees actually paid by you to us during the month immediately preceding the act allegedly giving rise to our liability. typographical errors in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. links this site may contain links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. you acknowledge that we are not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site. copyright complaints we respect the intellectual property of others. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement. remedies you agree that our remedy at law for any actual or threatened breach of this agreement would be inadequate and that we shall be entitled to specific performance or injunctive relief, or both, in addition to any damages that we may be legally entitled to recover, together with reasonable expenses of any form of dispute resolution, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees. no right or remedy of ours shall be exclusive of any other, whether at law or in equity, including without limitation damages injunctive relief, attorneys' fees and expenses. no instance of waiver by us of our rights or remedies under these terms and conditions shall imply any obligation to grant any similar, future or other waiver. applicable law this site is created and controlled by us in the state of california, usa. as such, the laws of the state of california will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. disputes any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the site or to the products you purchase through the site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in san francisco, california, except that to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of california. you hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of california. arbitration under these terms of use shall be conducted pursuant to the commercial arbitration rules then prevailing at the american arbitration association. the arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this agreement, whether through class action proceedings or otherwise. you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the site or this agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned. severability if any these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed several and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. our address please send any questions or comments (including all inquiries unrelated to copyright infringement) regarding this site to: betabrand  780 valencia st. san francisco, ca 94110 sign in with... facebook do you have a password? no, i'm new here yes, i have a password forgot password? sign in submit an idea to the think tank upload an image (10 mb max, optional) select filechangeremove add another submit uploading... thanks for your submission! you're now officially part of betabrand's global community of thinkers, tinkerers, and designers. we'll review your submission and get back to you within a few business days. meanwhile, we invite you to take a spin through the think tank and explore the dozens of projects now in the works — with more on the way almost every day! refer a friend, earn billions. name: from: we need this to create your custom referral code! message sent! your email is on it's way, next share via facebook. to: this email is an existing customer. offer is only valid for new customers. title: checkout this awesome company and get a sweet discount! send email link: terms spread the word tell your friends and get $25 when they make their first betabrand purchase. to: this email is an existing customer. offer is only valid for new customers. message: send email company info blog about us contact us press jobs at betabrand privacy policy terms of use customer service need help? shipping & pick-ups returns & exchanges group discounts student discounts gift certificates bitcoin betabrand newsletter sign up and be the first to know about new products and discounts! go follow us come say hi betabrand780 valencia st.san francisco, ca 94110 store hours: mon-tues: 11-7:30 wed: 11-6 thurs: closed fri: 11-7 sat: 11-8 sun: 12-7 800.694.9491 info@betabrand.com © 2014 betabrand. all rights reserved. better than fresh camel milk sign up for the betabrand newsletter for crowdfunding alerts, secret clothing specials, caption contests, and much, much more. get 10% off connect to facebook get 20% off welcome to betabrand! here's your discount code.* shop now discount automatically applied to cart. you also get free shipping on orders of $99 or more *tiny bummer: 1) cannot be combined with other discount codes and 2) not valid on previous purchases.