来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221230142415/https://www.betabrand.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy | betabrand celebrate 9 years of dpyp with up to 60% off site-wide, no code needed user shop collections best sellers new arrivals plus sale apparel pants denim tops dresses skirts outerwear shop all design with us join betabrand rewards search heart bag shop collections best sellers new arrivals plus core limited edition dress pant yoga pants sale apparel pants denim tops dresses skirts outerwear shop all design with us join betabrand rewards give $15, get $15 sign in privacy betabrand privacy policy betabrand is committed to protecting your privacy. this statement of privacy applies to betabrand web site and governs data collection and usage at all betabrand sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. please read the following privacy policy, which describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://www.betabrand.com (the “site”). betabrand is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. personal information we collect when you visit the site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, ip address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site. we refer to this automatically-collected information as “device information.” we collect device information using the following technologies: cookies to enhance your shopping experience at betabrand.com, we and our third-party authorized agents use cookies, small data files that we store on your computer's hard drive or web beacons (electronic images that allow us to count users who have accessed particular content and to access certain cookies) to collect aggregate data. you can find more information about cookies and how they work here: http://www.aboutcookies.org. some cookies we use are necessary to enable you to navigate the website and use features such as registering or creating and logging in your account. we also use cookies to gather and record information about choices you make on the website and to allow us to tailor to our visitors. they simply enable us to keep track of your shopping experience and your order as you shop our site. the cookies we may use on our site include: necessary cookies:  these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our system. these cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you which include a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences or logging into your account. analytic cookies:  these cookies allow us to visit and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of the website.  they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.  these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.  they may be used by those companies to build a profile or your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.  they do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.  if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. session cookies: these temporary cookies expire and are automatically erased whenever you close your browser window. we use session cookies to grant our users access to content and to enable actions they must be logged in to do. for example, betabrand.com uses session cookies in order to save your shopping bag information so that you can browse from page to page without losing that information. when shopping betabrand.com, we recommend you use a cookie-enabled browser in order to avoid having to constantly reenter information. persistent cookies: these usually have an expiration date in the distant future and remain in your browser until they expire or you manually delete them. we use persistent cookies to better understand usage patterns so we can improve the site for our customers. for example, we may use a persistent cookie to associate you with your user account or to remember your choices on the site, but this only works when cookies on our site are enabled. cookies also enable us to monitor and maintain information about your use of our site. the information we retrieve assists us with tracking your order, improving our site design, products, services, contests, promotions and overall shopping experience. third party cookies: we permit limited third parties to place cookies through the site to provide us with better insights into the use of the site or user demographics or to provide relevant advertising to you. these third parties may collect information about a consumer's online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses our website. for example, we may utilize google analytics to analyze usage patterns of the site. google analytics generates a cookie to capture information about your use of the site which google uses to compile reports on website activity for us and to provide other related services. google may use a portion of your ip address to identify their cookie, but this may or may not be associated with any other data held by google. we may also permit third party service providers to place cookies through our site to perform analytic or marketing functions. we do not control the use of such third party cookies or the resulting information and we are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. your use of our site will be deemed to be your consent to the placement of cookies on your computer or other device. if you prefer not to receive cookies through our site, you can set your browser to either reject all cookies, to allow only "trusted" websites to set them, or to accept only those cookies from those sites you are currently on. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site and use it.  by using this website, you agree that we can place cookies on your computer or device as explained above. however, you can control and manage cookies in various ways. if you refuse cookies, this may limit system performance and may even cause certain features of the site to malfunction or not to work at all. you can learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies or aboutcookies.org we do not use technology that recognizes a "do-not-track" signal from your web browser. log files “log files” track actions occurring on the site, and collect data including your ip address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. web beacons, tags, and pixels “web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the site. additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. we refer to this information as “order information.” we may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age, gender, and birthday. please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through betabrand's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. when we talk about “personal information” in this privacy policy, we are talking about device information, order information, as well as any additional personally sensitive information. how do we use your personal information? we use the order information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). additionally, we use this order information to: communicate with you, screen our orders for potential risk or fraud, and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. we use the device information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your ip address), and more generally to improve and optimize our site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). sharing your personal information we do not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. we may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. in those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. we occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. we will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. we share your personal information with third parties to help us use your personal information as described above. for example, we use google analytics to help us understand how our customers use the site—you can read more about how google uses your personal information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. you can also opt-out of google analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. the personally identifiable information that you provide to us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. this information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. this information may also be shared with our third party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. if you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please email us at info@betabrand.com finally, we may also share your personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. behavioral advertising as described above, we use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. for more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the network advertising initiative’s (“nai”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the digital advertising alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/. do not track please note that we do not alter our site’s data collection and use practices when we see a do not track signal from your browser. gdpr/european residents if you are a european resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. if you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. additionally, if you are a european resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of europe, including to canada and the united states. data retention when you place an order through the site, we will maintain your order information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. submit a data deletion request minors the site does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. if you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. changes we may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. contact us for more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us at: email address:info@betabrand.com effective as of may 5, 2022 shipping & returns discounts & referrals contact us order status be the first to know about our newest drops and our hottest deals. by signing up for emails you agree to our privacy policy facebook-f twitter instagram pinterest privacy policy terms of use accessibility accessibility statement california privacy rights ©2010-2022 betabrand. all rights reserved.