来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191228150852/https://www.farmandfleet.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy | blain's farm & fleet home privacy policy , current page blain's farm & fleet privacy policy we respect your privacy blain's farm & fleet ("blain's," "we," "us," or "our") respects your privacy. for that reason, we have developed this privacy policy ("privacy policy") to let you know how we collect, use, share, and protect information about you when you interact with us through our website or app, however accessed (collectively, the "site"). by using our site or otherwise interacting with us in a manner set forth in this privacy policy, you agree to the privacy practices described in this privacy policy.  if you do not agree with this privacy policy, please stop using our site and/or interacting with us.  by continuing to do so, you accept this privacy policy. for california consumers if you are a california consumer, blain's farm & fleet privacy notice for california consumers applies to you. the information we collect the information we collect from you varies, depending on the way you use our site and/or services.  we collect information from or about you in the ways described below. information you provide to us when you use our site, we may collect information that you choose to share with us. this information may include: name user name address phone number email address payment information such as credit card number, debit card number, or a gift card information other demographic information like your age and gender for example when you complete product reviews or complete surveys your friends' names and email address when you send messages to a friend through our site. when you use this function you are telling us that you are entitled to use this information and provide it to us. we will only use that information in the context in which you provided it to us. other personal information you provide us or as described in this policy. we collect personal information such as your name, address, e-mail, and phone number when you apply for employment with us through the site.  in addition, we may collect information relating to your education and employment history when you submit that information as part of an employment application.  not all requested information is required, however, and we specifically indicate what information is required in order to submit your employment application. geolocation when you browse or use our site on your mobile device, we may utilize location services on your mobile device to collect and use location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device.  if you consent to our utilization of location services, we may use gps, bluetooth, your device's unique identifier, and/or your ip address, along with wi-fi and cell tower locations, and other technologies to determine your device's geolocation. this location data is utilized to initiate notifications or deliver services requested by you. most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services.  you may choose to disable location services through your mobile device.  these controls are generally located in the device's settings menu.  if you do so, you will not receive any notifications or services that require a geolocation.  you can also contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer for more information on disabling location services. other information we collect when you use our site you do not need to provide personal information in order to browse or use our site.  our site, however, collects certain information automatically about you and your use of our site and services that does not necessarily personally identify you, your interactions with us and information regarding the device you use to access our site (collectively "other information").  this information includes: device information, such as hardware setting, web browser type and language. ip address, mac address. identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g. device advertising id) times you have accessed pages pages you have viewed searches you have conducted pages you visited before or after navigating to our site how we use cookies and other tracking technologies we and our research, technology, and marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, or service providers use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. cookies are small amounts of data which are sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer or device. remembering your preferences and allowing you to enter your user name less frequently; uniquely identify each user session when you access the services; compile aggregated statistics to analyze how the services are used; present you and communicate to you information that is targeted to your interests, including our content presented on another website and across devices; measure the effectiveness of our sites, services, content, communications and advertising, including by placing web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) which emails and links have been opened by recipients most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can usually choose to disable cookies on your browser (see below) but doing so may prevent you from using the full features of the services. for information about your choices regarding these technologies please see "your access and choices regarding your personal information" below. we may let third parties use cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies on our site. they may collect information about how you use our site and services and other websites and online services over time and across different services. this information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity. interest-based advertising some companies may use information collected on our site to deliver advertisements on behalf of us or other companies, targeted to your interests and preferences, on our site or on other websites or applications you may visit, on your various devices, or on your social media feed and to gauge their effectiveness. to learn about your choices regarding this sharing of your information please see "your access and choices regarding your personal information" section below. you can understand which third parties have currently enabled cookies for your browser or mobile device and how to opt-out of some of those cookies by accessing the network advertising initiative's website at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/; or the digital advertising alliance's website at http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/ for more information on mobile specific opt-out choices, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices and from your mobile device. on your mobile device you may have features that allow you to opt out of some targeted advertising ("limit ad tracking" (on ios devices) or "opt out of interest-based ads" (on android). to learn more about how these opt-out features work, please review your device settings.  even if you disable the tracking, keep in mind that you may still receive interest-based advertising, including from third parties with whom your information had been previously disclosed and that you may still receive advertising from third parties, though such advertising may not be based on your interests and preferences. how we use your information we use your information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our site and the services we provide to you, including our marketing of our products and services to you.  we also use your information to communicate with you and to operate our business.  more specifically, we may use your information to: deliver our products and services to you, including providing access to our site's online features, completing and processing your online purchases or engaging in other transactions with us enable you to create an account to conduct transactions and otherwise interact with us communicate with you about our products and services, including to respond to your customer service requests or respond to any other inquiry or correspondence you send to us present you with marketing relating to our products and services, including promotions, coupons and other discount offers, and more relevant display advertisements provide you updates, reminders, or other informational content enable you to participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey enable you to participate in our blain's rewards program consider you for employment analyze and improve our site, products, and services: including developing and improving products and services, monitoring and analyzing trends and usage prevent, detect, investigate, or remediate security or other legal concerns, including fraud to protect the rights, property, or safety of us our users, or any other person or the copyright-protected content of our site comply with applicable laws, regulations, or industry requirements, or respond to subpoenas or government requests fulfill any other purpose for which your provide it or consent how we share your information we may share information collected about you in the following situations: with service providers and partners: we share information about you with service providers to perform functions on our behalf, including to process your data, to help provide our products and services including our marketing, hosting and storage providers, payment processors, to manage our rewards program and/or blain's credit card program etc. with third parties for legal or security reasons: we may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to: comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation. investigate, remedy, or enforce potential violations of our terms of user or privacy policy protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others. detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. with third parties as part of an acquisition or liquidation: we are involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, corporate divestiture, reorganization, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company or if we undergo liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, we may share your information in connection with such transaction or proceeding before and or after the transaction closes or the proceedings are completed. we may disclose or share your personal information in connection with an employment application to verify the information you provide with your consent. we may share information in other ways if you give us consent or direct us to do so. we do not share personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes. aggregated de-identified information we may also share with third parties—such as advertisers—aggregated, or de-identified information and we do not limit our third-party providers from using, selling, licensing, distributing, or disclosing de-identified data. how we use google analytics for analytics, we use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. ("google"). google analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device or read cookies that are already there to collect information. google analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded that partner with google. google analytics collects information such as how often you use our mobile application and how you use our app. we use the information provided by google analytics to improve our mobile application and the services. we do not combine the information collected through the use of google analytics with personally identifiable information. for more information regarding how google collects, uses, and shares your information please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. by using our app, you consent to the processing of data about you by google as described here and in google's privacy policy. you can control the information provided to google and opt out of certain ads provided by google by using of the of the methods set forth in http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or use the google analytics opt out browser add-on at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en facebook custom audience and look-alike audience we may participate in facebook's custom audience or look-alike audience programs, which respectively enable us to display personalized ads to individuals on our email lists they visit facebook and enable us to display ads to individuals on facebook that may be similar to those on our email lists.  we share personal information with facebook in order for facebook to determine whether you are a registered facebook account holder in connection with these programs.  you can opt-out of the facebook custom audience or look-alike audience programs by contacting us as indicated below and providing us with your name and email, and we will forward your request to facebook to delete you from those programs. how we protect your information we take the protection of your information seriously and take reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative, and technical measures to protect the information collected through our site.   while we implement commercially reasonable security measures to protect your privacy, please keep in mind that the internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, and we cannot guarantee that the information collected about you will always remain private when using our site and/or services. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. links to other sites our site may include links to other third party websites as a convenience to you. if you click on one of those links you will be taken to websites we do not control, and this privacy policy does not apply to those third party websites. the inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its site(s), or its product(s) and/or service(s). blain supply, inc. and the blain's farm & fleet corporations are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any other site. social media features: our site includes links to social media features, such as links to our facebook page. these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting while using our services, and any facebook cookies on your device (including your facebook id). these services may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly. please note that the social media services may collect this information even if you are not logged in to the relevant social media account when you are using the services. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. collection of personal data from children blain's does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. the site is intended for and we intend to sell our products only to adults.   if we are made aware of such a situation, we will delete such information. access to and control over your personal information you can access and update most of your personal information if you have an account on our site by clicking on "my account". if you need to access, update, or delete other personal information that we may have, you can request it by changing it on "my account", sending a request to customerservice@farmandfleet.com or calling us at 800-210-2370 to speak with a customer support team member. to protect your privacy, before we give you access or let you update your information, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information. we will try to update and allow you to access your information for free, but if it would require a disproportionate effort on our part, we may charge a fee. we will disclose the fee before we comply with your request. we may reject a request for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users, requires technical efforts that are disproportionate to the request, is repetitive, or is unlawful. if you would like to remove your name from blain's farm & fleet's mail or email lists, please contact our customer support team using the information below. do not track certain browsers have a "do not track" feature that allows you to tell websites that you prefer not to have your online activities tracked. these browser features are not uniform and we are not currently able to respond to those signals. general data protection regulation (gdpr) we do not offer our goods or services to residents in the european union, and our site is intended solely for use by those in the united states. changes to this privacy policy by using our site, you agree to the terms of the privacy policy in effect at that time. this privacy policy is subject to change without prior notice to you, but we will notify you of any material change to the privacy policy by indicating that it has been updated on our homepage and noting the new effective date below. we encourage you to review the privacy policy periodically.  your continued use of the site after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes.  if you disagree with the changes, discontinue your use of the site. if you have any concerns about this policy, please email customerservice@farmandfleet.com with a description of your concerns and a member of our customer support team will contact you. contact us should you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at 608.754.2821, customerservice@farmandfleet.com, or by writing us at: blain supply, inc., p.o. box 5391, janesville, wi 53547-5391. please be sure to include your email address and phone number with any correspondence you may send us so that we will be able to respond to you. effective date:  january 1, 2020 coupon policy legal notice pet policy privacy policy ccpa privacy notice product recalls safety data sheets (sds) real estate © 2003 - 2020 blain supply, inc. prices were current at the time of posting. we reserve the right to change prices without notice and to correct errors. × please wait × please wait × please wait × please wait with blain's rewards you get... 1 point for every $1 spent - that's 1% back $25 egift card for every 2500 points special offers & savings members only events terms & condtions join rewards — it's free! joined in store? connect your account no thanks × welcome to rewards we've added a virtual rewards card to your account. visit your blain's rewards to use this card in-store, track your point totals and more! view rewards continue please check your email we sent a confirmation email to this rewards account. please enter the confirmation code we emailed you to continue. confirmation code connect we didn't find a unique account for: for your security, confirm your account by entering: rewards number or email address we'll send you an email to confirm for your security connect × please wait × adding to cart × × please wait × please wait