来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250515183226/https://www.farmandfleet.com/rewards/
================================================================================

rewards | blain's farm & fleet search for products: suggestions appear below suggestions collapsed search go to account hello, sign in account & orders 0 items in cart go to cart 0 items in cart all departments current ad store finder today's deals new arrivals registries & lists gift guide blain's blog order by phone 1-800-210-2370 1-800-210-2370 join blain's rewards and start saving today! join free already joined in store? connect your account blain's rewards benefits unlock these benefits when you become a blain's rewards member 1 point for every $1 spent $25 egift card for every 2,500 points earned special offers & savings on our products exclusive access to member only events how blain's rewards works join blain's rewards by signing up for an account today and start earning points. our rewards program is both easy to use and completely free. 1 create account create an easy to use and completely free account to begin earning points 2 start earning gain points when you make a purchase: 1 point per $1 spent 3 redeem your rewards access special discounts and extra low prices, plus earn a $25 gift card for every 2,500 points earned blain's farms service flexible ag rewards member subscription flexible ag rewards member subscription the subscription service that puts you in control. get 5% off farms items in quantities of 20+ earn 1 extra point per dollar on farms items free $10 gift card with your first farms order learn more about blain's farms service ready to join rewards? create an account today and start saving! if you already have an account, you can also sign in below. join free earn more with blain's rewards mastercard earn more with blain's rewards mastercard 3 points per $1 spent at blain's farm & fleet 2 points per $1 spent at gas stations and grocery stores 1 point per $1 spent everywhere else learn more track your rewards points with the blain's app! convenient access to your rewards points, purchase history, and exclusive offers— right inside your pocket! blain's rewards program terms & conditions the blain's rewards program (the "program") is offered at the sole discretion of blain's farm & fleet and blain supply, hereinafter referred to as "blain's". at its sole discretion, blain's has the right to modify, add or delete any of the program rules, terms, conditions, benefits or rewards, in whole or in part, at any time, with or without notice, even though such changes may affect the value of points already accumulated, the value of the rewards and/or the time for redemption. by participating in the blain's rewards program, each customer that participates agrees to the terms and conditions, rules, regulations, policies and procedures of the blain's rewards program. each member is responsible for remaining knowledgeable about the program terms and conditions. blain's reserves the right to disqualify members who have violated any of the program terms and conditions. blain's rewards members must be at least eighteen (18) years of age and must be a resident of the united states. blain's, in its sole discretion, has the right to allow, limit, or restrict participation by corporations, businesses, charities, partnerships, enterprises or any other person or entity. participation in the program is void if prohibited by law in the jurisdiction in which the prospective participant resides. the program is a united states program and is governed by united states law in the state of wisconsin. if in any particular state the program or blain's have to apply for any special license, bonding, permit or other governmental regulatory approval, the program will be void in that particular state. in order to earn points, you must identify yourself as a blain's reward member each time you shop at blain's farm & fleet. if shopping on farmandfleet.com, you must identify yourself by logging into your account before completing check out. if you make purchases using the blain's farm & fleet mastercard, you may earn bonus points subject to the credit card terms. members of the blain's rewards program will earn at least one point for every $1 of qualified purchases made at blain's farm & fleet stores and online at farmandfleet.com. points will not be earned on purchases of hunting/fishing licenses, trailer/tax registration or gift cards. if you return purchases on which you earned blain's rewards points, those points will be deducted from your blain's rewards account. in the event of any discrepancies, you must contact the blain's rewards customer service department within 90 days of the original transaction by calling 1-833-262-1683 or by emailing blainsrewards@farmandfleet.com. only one blain's rewards account is allowed per person, per e-mail address or per phone number. from time to time, we may extend enrollment offers to promote new program membership for non- members. such enrollment offers are limited to new blain's rewards members. existing members may not receive enrollment offers for enrolling in additional blain's rewards accounts. members of the blain's rewards program will automatically receive a $25 e-gift card when they have reached a threshold of 2500 points. upon issuance of the e-gift card, 2500 points will be deducted from your program account. the e-gift card will be emailed to the email address on the account and will also be accessible by logging on to your account on farmandfleet.com or on your blain's farm & fleet app. blain's is not responsible for e-gift cards that are lost, delayed, misdirected or stolen. the e-gift card can be redeemed for merchandise or services only at blain's farm & fleet stores or online at farmandfleet.com. the e-gift card may not be redeemed for cash or applied toward any credit card balances. blain's reward points and earned e-gift cards may be subject to federal, state or other taxes and such taxes or your sole responsibility. by participating in the blain's rewards program, you agree to allow blain's to communicate with you about the program, points, rewards or anything relating thereto via mail, email, phone, text, in-app notification, external websites and various other channels. blain's may also use these channels to communicate account offer promotions, coupons, information and offerings that may be of interest to you to the extent allowed by law or as agreed upon by you. blain's reserves the right to provide benefits to some members based on geographic location, program participation, purchases made or information supplied by the member or by our vendors. blain's reserves the right to extend additional benefits and offers to all or any portion of the members at their sole discretion. member should promptly notify blain's of any changes to personal information, such as name, address, telephone number and email address, either by visiting farmandfleet.com or by calling 1-833-262-1683. blain's reserves the right to cancel any rewards program card or account for which it has incomplete, inaccurate, false or fictitious personal information. in the event that a rewards program card or account is canceled or that the program is terminated for any reason, all blain's rewards points earned on the accounts will be forfeited. any fraudulent or unauthorized use of the program, the rewards program card, the program account, any promotional offers or e-gift card rewards is strictly prohibited and may result in termination or disqualification from the program, forfeiture of all points earned, forfeiture of rewards earned and/or legal prosecution. in addition, blain's reserves the right to deactivate blain's rewards accounts that have not earned points for a qualifying purchase at least once in a 24 month period. you may terminate your blain's rewards program account at any time by providing calling us at 1-833- 262-1683 or by emailing blainsrewards@farmandfleet.com. if you terminate your blain's rewards program account, you will forfeit any and all rewards points in your account, and you will be ineligible for any offers made to new blain's rewards program participants or enrollees for a period of twelve (12) months after the date on which you terminated your blain's rewards program account. waiver of class action rights and/or claims. you agree that to the extent you have or believe that you have any claims against blain's relating to the program, points, rewards, and/or e-gift cards relating thereto, you will bring those claims in your individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. unless both you and blain's agree, no arbitrator or judge may consolidate more than one person's claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative class proceeding. hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless blain's and all associated entities, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as their interests may appear together with their partners successors and assigns, from and against any and all losses, claims, suits, damages, penalties, fines, judgment, liabilities (including without limitation, death, personal injuries, expenses, attorney fees and costs incurred) in connection with your participation in the program that is inconsistent with these terms & conditions. disclaimer: this program and all cards, accounts, points, rewards, used or provided as part of this program are provided "as is" and "as available." we hereby specifically disclaim any and all representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the program content, functionality, or materials provided by us hereunder, including, without limitation of the foregoing, any warranty regarding ownership, non-infringement, accuracy, timeliness, completeness, and availability, and any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or those arising from course of dealing or course of performance. limitation of liability: to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, we disclaim liability, and you agree that we are not liable, for any losses and expenses of whatever nature and howsoever arising out of your participation in the program, including without limitation any direct, indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of use, loss of data, loss caused by a virus, claims of third parties, or other losses of any kind or character, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses. in no event shall the aggregate liability of us, our licensors, employees or agents to you, or any other party exceed, in the aggregate the greater of one thousand dollars ($1,000). your claim for such damages is our sole liability, and your exclusive remedy, in the event of the breach by us of this agreement. the forgoing shall apply notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any remedy you might have. statue of limitations: you agree to bring any and all claims or actions relating to program, points, rewards, or e-gift cards relating thereto within one (1) year after such alleged cause of action arose. if there is an outstanding claim from more than one (1) year of such action then you agree that the statute of limitations would be exceeded and the claim will be barred. governing law the program is governed by the laws of the state of wisconsin and the united states, but does not include any conflict of law rule that might direct or refer determination of any such matter to the laws of any other jurisdiction. any dispute arising out of these terms & conditions or the program must be resolved in a court of competent jurisdiction in rock county, wisconsin. blain's rewards has no predetermined termination date and may continue until such time as blain's, in its sole discretion, elects to designate a termination date. blain's reserves the right to end the program at any time by providing notice on our website. any questions regarding the blain's rewards program should be directed to 1-833-262-1683 or blainsrewards@farmandfleet.com. blain’s farm & fleet mobile app the savings, value, & service you trust—right inside your pocket! more about the app be the first to hear about our sales, events, and promotions! email address sign up services automotive service drive thru pickup same day local delivery farms service blain's animal rx registries & lists gift cards gift guide extended service program small engine repair fishing & hunting licenses rebates vip pet care other store services our company blain's rewards mobile app about us our history community involvement blain's blog news careers at blain's real estate modeling blain's mastercard pay & manage card apply for the card customer care need help? get support, place orders, give feedback—we’re here to help! email us call us 1-800-210-2370 give us feedback faq shipping & returns best price promise coupons tax exempt application be the first to hear about our sales, events, and promotions! email address sign up services automotive service drive thru pickup same day local delivery farms service blain's animal rx registries & lists gift cards gift guide extended service program small engine repair fishing & hunting licenses rebates vip pet care other store services our company blain's rewards mobile app about us our history community involvement blain's blog news careers at blain's real estate modeling blain's mastercard pay & manage card apply for the card customer care need help? get support, place orders, give feedback—we’re here to help! email us call us 1-800-210-2370 give us feedback faq shipping & returns best price promise coupons tax exempt application need help? get support, place orders, give feedback—we’re here to help! email us call us 1-800-210-2370 give us feedback be the first to hear about our sales, events, and promotions! email address sign up services company blain’s mastercard stores customer care coupon policy legal notice pet policy privacy policy ccpa privacy notice product recalls safety data sheets (sds) notice at collection do not sell or share my personal information © 2003 - 2025 blain supply, inc. prices were current at the time of posting. we reserve the right to change prices without notice and to correct errors. × adding to cart × please wait × please wait