来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250515183226/https://www.farmandfleet.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy | blain's farm & fleet search for products: suggestions appear below suggestions collapsed search go to account hello, sign in account & orders 0 items in cart go to cart 0 items in cart all departments find your store current ad today's deals new arrivals spring style guide spring fishing sale lawn mowers registries & lists home privacy policy , current page blain's farm & fleet privacy policy last updated february 7, 2025 blain’s farm & fleet (“blain’s,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects your privacy. we have developed this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) to let you know how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information, including when you use our website, www.farmandfleet.com (“website”), visit our stores or use our mobile app (“app,” or together with the website, the “site”). we may modify this policy at any time. all changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the site or app. material changes will be conspicuously posted on the site or app, the top of this policy or otherwise communicated to you. if you are a california, iowa, nebraska, or texas resident, please see the “your state privacy rights” section at the bottom of this policy for additional terms that may apply to you. 1. what is personal information? for purposes of this privacy policy, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. 2. categories of personal information we collect we collect the following categories of personal information when you visit our stores, use our site or app, otherwise communicate with us or which we collect using technology or third-party sources category examples retention period identifiers real name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, username, online identifier, internet protocol (“ip”) address, phone number, device identifier, email address, account name. we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. customer records credit card number, debit card number, or gift card information. when you make credit and debit card payments, you are providing that information directly to our pci-compliant third-party payment processors and not to us. our third-party payment processor does provide us the last 4 digits of your credit or debit card to facilitate future orders. we do not directly access, handle, or store your credit or debit card data (other than last 4 digits). we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law demographic information, like your age and gender for example, when you complete product reviews; complete surveys or apply for a job. we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. commercial information products or services purchased, obtained, or considered; content of texts or emails you send to us; other purchasing or types of products and services you own and are interested in; and your consuming histories or tendencies. information you provide in relationship to a wedding or event registry or when you create a wish list. your feedback, comments, videos, photos, messages, social media, and other user generated content you post to the site, our social media accounts, or send to us via email, text, live chat, or other methods of communication. we will only use that information in the context in which you provide it to us. we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal, and compliance purposes. internet or other similar network activity internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history, time and date you visited the site, information on or a recording of your interaction with the site. your keyboard strokes and mouse movements, scrolls, and clicks while visiting the site, any forms displayed or populated, browser type, internet service provider, operating system information and the website or advertisement you visited or interacted with prior to visiting the site. we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. geolocation data imprecise location information, such as the zip code, country and city associated with your ip address. when you enable location services on our app, we will collect and use location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device. we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. sensory data recordings of customer service calls and security footage of our stores. we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. professional or employment-related information professional or employment-related information that you provide when you apply for a position with us. we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. educational information information related to your educational background we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. inferences drawn from other personal information inferring your personal preferences through purchases; determining your qualifications for a position you apply for based on your application materials. we retain this information for so long as needed for business, legal and compliance purposes. sensitive personal information we do not collect sensitive personal information as that term has been defined under applicable law. all information collected falls under the definition of personal information. 3. sources of personal information that we collect we collect personal information (i) you provide to us, (ii) we collect automatically using technology and (iii) from third party sources. we describe how we collect personal information from these sources below. information you provide to us we collect personal information you provide to us in the following ways: communications: when you communicate with us, including by e-mail, regular mail, texting, phone, filling out a web form, the online chat features on the site, or when you request catalogues or newsletters. offers and promotions: when you sign up for previews, offers, discounts, promotions and other electronic communications regarding our products or services. ratings, surveys and feedback: when you provide ratings and feedback regarding our stores, products and services, the site, or the app. orders: when you place an order, make a payment or when we process a return. sweepstakes: when you enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion. gift cards: when you purchase a gift card. job applications: when you submit job application materials. information we collect using technology our site and our app collect certain information automatically about you and your use of our site and the app, including, but not limited to: device information, such as hardware setting, web browser type and language ip address, mac address identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., device advertising id) times you have accessed pages pages you have viewed searches you have conducted pages you visited before or after navigating to our site keystrokes mouse movements, scrolls, and clicks text you have entered on the site operating system location information account activity. we may collect data about how you use (i) your online account, and (ii) the site or the app when you are logged into your account. for example, if you use the site while signed into your blain’s account, we will collect information on how you use your account and the site, for example, the items and information that you add to your wish lists or your shopping cart. cookies & other tracking technologies. we use cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively “cookies”) when you use our site for analytics and advertising purposes. to learn more about how we use cookies and your options to limit the data collected from our site, see the section 8 titled “access to and control over your personal information” below. information we collect from third-party sourceswe collect personal information from various third-party companies, analytics and targeted marketing and advertising companies, social media sources, and public sources. we may combine that data with personal information or other data we collect. source purpose of collection and use examples category payment processors facilitating purchases when you make a purchase online, we use one or more pci-compliant payment processors, ("payment processor") to help us facilitate payment. we have contracted with these payment processors to ensure they protect and limit the use of your personal information. when your make credit card, or debit card payments, or provide other financial information when you make a purchase online, you are providing that information directly to our pci-compliant third-party payment processors. our third-party payment processor does provide us the last 4 digits of your credit or debit card to facilitate future orders. we also receive your contact information and purchase information. we do not directly access, handle, or store your credit or debit card data (other than last 4 digits). if you make a purchase using paypal, including pay later, paypal may use personal information as described in its privacy policy. identifiers customer records commercial information analytics providers business purposes we may use third-parties or service providers to help us understand the site’s demographics and user preferences, and to evaluate the site’s operations. identifiers commercial information internet activity advertising and marketing companies marketing and advertising we may use third parties to provide marketing communications to you. identifiers commercial information social media companies advertising analytics we may use social media companies to advertise our products to you and to learn about how users engage with our social media pages. identifiers commercial information internet activity credit card companies administering blain’s rewards mastercard program we have a contractual relationship with first bank of omaha which issues a mastercard to eligible applicants and who are then eligible for certain rewards from our loyalty program. when you make a purchase with us, we receive information from mastercard that you made a purchase using the mastercard so we can issue rewards in our loyalty program. identifiers commercial information customer records 4. purposes for which we collect personal information we may collect personal information for one or more of the following business purposes: to fulfill orders, deliver products and services and process exchanges or returns examples: to process your payment and facilitate any applicable delivery; to communicate with you about your order and provide customer service; for drive through order pick-up; to facilitate new product orders or process exchanges or returns. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers, customer records, commercial records, and internet activity. to help you find our store locations examples: to help you find our nearest stores when you enable location services on your device or submit your city, state or zip code or other location information to us. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers, geolocation data. to communicate with you examples: to inform you about products, services, promotions, special offers, and/or events that may interest you; to send order reminders; to advise you when an item is restocked, to send a price drop reminder, to respond to your questions; to inform you about product recalls and warranty information; to provide customer service; to communicate with you about your agricultural product refills, to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your personal information or consent. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity. to create and service your account examples: to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us; to manage your accounts with us or our business partners; and to maintain your password. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers commercial information and internet activity. improve our stores, site, app, products and services examples: for research, analysis, and business development, including to develop and improve our stores, site, app products and services, and for customer service. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: commercial information, internet activity. rewards program; earn e-gift cards examples: to notify you of rewards and awards status; to customize rewards, and to deliver awards such as e-gift cards. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers; commercial information, internet activity, inferences. targeted advertising, marketing, and promotional activities examples: to operate our rewards program; to engage in marketing and advertising; to provide you updates, reminders, or other information when you sign up for our newsletters; to enable you to participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or surveys; to personalize your site experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our site, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers, customer records, commercial information, internet activity and inferences. perform site analytics examples: to analyze and improve our site, products, and services; monitor and analyze user trends and traffic and usage patterns; to improve content on the site; to enhance users’ experience when visiting our site; customize the content or layout of the pages on our site; to understand the site’s demographics and user preferences and to prevent fraud, to investigate complaints and violations of our policies. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers, internet activity and inferences. perform site and app management examples: to operate and troubleshoot problems with the site or the app; to improve the functionality of the site or the app; to secure the site and the app; to improve your experience when you visit the site or app or place an order from the site or app; to conduct statistical and other analyses of the site and app; to evaluate user needs, customize site and app content, and improve your browsing experience; and to notify you of new features of our site or the app. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers, internet activity and inferences. business purposes examples: to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud; to inform our business strategies; for financial reporting purposes, to evaluate job applications, to perform background checks; to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the site and the app and other technology assets. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers, customer records, commercial information, internet activity, employment information, educational information and inferences. legal purposes and protection of our rights examples: to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court orders, subpoenas or governmental regulations; to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, our employees, our site and app users, of any other person or our rights; to protect the copyright-protected content of our site; t; to protect our legal rights or interests, or those of third parties; to seek business, financial or legal advice; and to bring a legal action against you or anyone who may be causing harm to us, our site or app, our employees, customers or to other users of the site or the app; and to engage in business transactions. categories of personal information collected for this purpose: identifiers, customer records, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation data, employment data, educational information or inferences. 5. how we disclose or share your personal information below, we explain why we collect your personal information and to whom we “disclose” or “sell” or “share” your personal information. if you would like to opt out of certain sharing of your personal information with third parties, please visit section 8 of this policy or section 10 if you are a california or texas resident. we share or disclose personal information with others in the following situations: with service providers examples: we share information about you with service providers to perform functions on our behalf, including to process your data, to send mailings, to assist with and improve our customer service, including to maintain transcripts of your interactions with our chatbots and live chat feature, to help provide our products and services including our marketing, hosting and storage providers, to our payment processors, to deliver orders, to calculate taxes, to manage our rewards program and/or blain’s credit card program, to perform delivery services for us, to run fraud alerts. categories of personal information shared: identifiers, protected classifications, customer records, commercial information, internet activity, employment information, and educational information. with analytics providers examples: to enable providers to provide services to us in accordance with contractual provisions, which require them to protect the privacy and security of your personal information; to provide us with analytics services on the site and with regard to operation of the app; to help collect and analyze personal information; and to perform data analysis and statistical analysis regarding the operation and use of our site and our app. categories of personal information shared: identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity. with advertising companies examples: to enable them to provide services to us in accordance with contractual provisions, which require those service providers to protect the security and privacy of your personal information; to provide us with targeted advertising and marketing services. categories of personal information shared: identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity. with social media companies examples: to allow you to interface between your social media sites and our site; to send you advertising for our products and services. categories of information shared: identifiers and internet activity. with professional advisors examples: to receive advice from our professional advisors, such as our attorneys, accountants, financial advisors and business advisors, in their capacity as advisors to us. categories of information shared: identifiers, protected classifications, customer records, commercial information, internet activity, employment information, education information and inferences. with government officials and law enforcement for legal or security reasons examples: we may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, subpoena or applicable law, rule, or regulation; to investigate, remedy, or enforce potential violations of our terms of use, contracts or policies; to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our employees, our customers and our site users, or others; to seek legal advice; or to detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns; to taxing authorities or service provider to confirm tax exempt status. categories of personal information shared: identifiers, protected classifications, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation information, employment information. with parties to a business transaction, including a potential or actual acquisition or liquidation examples: if we are involved in a potential business transaction, including a due diligence process, merger, asset sale, financing, corporate divestiture, reorganization, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company or if we undergo liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, we may share your personal information in connection with such transaction or proceeding before and or after the transaction closes or the proceedings are completed and we may transfer that personal information to be used by the new owner or successor at the end of the process. categories of personal information shared: identifiers, protected classifications, customer records, commercial information, internet activity, sensory data, employment information, education information and inferences. your employment references and background checks examples: we may disclose or share your personal information in connection with an employment application to verify the information you provide and to perform background checks. categories of personal information shared: identifiers, employment information and educational information. with your consent. we may share information in other ways if you give us consent or direct us to do so. 6. additional information about our privacy practices aggregated and de-identified information we may aggregate personal information to create de-identified and aggregated data which does not reveal the identity of individuals. we may use aggregated data to understand users’ needs, to determine user demographics and usage patterns, to determine what kinds of products and services we can provide, and to improve and enrich our products and services, stores, app, and the site. to the extent that we maintain de-identified data, we will not attempt to re-identify such data. access from outside the united states the site was designed only for use by residents of the united states. if you access the site from outside the united states, please be aware that personal information will be transferred to, stored in, and processed in the united states. certain governmental authorities may not consider the level of protection of personal information in the united states to be equivalent to that required by the in other jurisdictions. please do not use our site if you are outside the united states. links to third party sites our site may include links to other third-party websites as a convenience to you. if you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control, and this privacy policy does not apply to those third-party websites. the inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its sites, products or services. blain supply, inc. and the blain’s farm & fleet corporations are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any other site. children the site is not directed at children 16 years of age and under. we do not knowingly collect, use, or share personal information from children 16 or under. if a parent or legal guardian learns that their child provided us with personal information without his or her consent, please contact us and we will make commercially reasonable attempts to delete such personal information. social media we are active on social media, including facebook, youtube, twitter, instagram, tik-tok, reddit, pinterest and linkedin (“social media”) and our apps are available on google play and the app store. anything you post on social media is public information and will not be treated confidentially. we may post (or re-post) on the site and our social media pages any comments or content that you post on our social media pages. your use of social media is governed by the privacy policies and terms of the third parties that own and operate those websites and not by this policy. we encourage you to review those policies and terms. youtube. we use the youtube application programming interface (api) services to allow you to access youtube content from our site. your use of youtube is governed by youtube’s terms of service and privacy policy and not by our terms of use or privacy policy. we encourage you to read the youtube terms of service and privacy policy which are available on its website at https://www.youtube.com/t/terms). 7. how we protect your information we take the protection of your personal information seriously and take commercially reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative, and technical measures to protect the information collected through our site from loss, misuse, and alteration appropriate to the type of personal information processed. if a breach of your personal information occurs, we will notify you of a breach if required under applicable law. 8. access to and control over your personal information how we use cookies and other tracking technologies we use cookies when you use our site or use our app. a cookie is a small text file that is placed onto your computer or device when you use the site or the app that allows the site or the app to remember your actions and preferences and recognize you or your browser. web beacons / pixel tags are we describe below some of the tools we use on our site or on the app to collect information, including personal information for targeted advertising and analytics and the options to limit the use of or opt-out of remarketing or analytics using those tools. analytics google analytics and its advertising features.we have enabled and implemented the following google analytics advertising features: dynamic remarketing, google shopping reviews, doubleclick, and google beacons. we also use google maps with your geolocation data. to prevent this data from being used by google analytics, follow the instructions to download and install the google analytics opt-out browser add-on for each web browser you use. using the google analytics opt-out browser add-on will not prevent us from using other analytics tools and will not prevent data from being sent to the site itself, the app or to google. opting out will not affect your use of the site or the app. for more information on how google uses personal information, visit google’s privacy policy and google’s page on how google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps. session replay: microsoft clarity. we have implemented and use session replay software, including software offered by microsoft clarity. the session replay software allows us to collect information about how you navigate and use our site in real-time. microsoft clarity collects information including the date and time you visited the site, mouse clicks, mouse movements, keystrokes and text input, scrolling, webpage or content loading times and site errors. other personal information clarity collects includes ip addresses, browser information, device ids, operating system, cookie and customer ids. additionally, microsoft collects or receives personal information from us to provide microsoft advertising services. for more information about how microsoft collects and uses your data, visit the microsoft privacy statement. a/b testing: crazy egg. we use crazy egg to obtain information about how you use the site and determine whether to modify the site based on your experience and use of the site. to provide us with this service, crazy egg may collect and process personal information to deliver aggregated statistics, analyses, and reports to us regarding user interactions on the site. personal information crazy egg may collect includes recordings of your visit to the site such as images of your interactions with the site, pages visited, forms displayed or populated as well as device information, mouse scrolls and clicks, duration of your visit to the site, and the website you visited or ad you interacted with before arriving at the site. visit crazy egg’s privacy policy to learn more about their privacy practices and learn how to opt out of crazy egg’s collection of your personal information, click here. targeted advertising we use the remarketing services of pinterest, inc. 651 brannon street, san francisco, ca, usa (“pinterest”) on our site. the pinterest tag collects site behavior data to show you content that may be of interest to you when you visit or browse the pinterest app. our site contains marketing tags from pinterest. pinterest uses tags to inform it of what site pages and products you have viewed on our site. this information allows us to display personalized ads on pinterest’s website. to read more information about pinterest targeted advertising or to opt out of online behavioral advertising with pinterest though their pinterest personalization settings personalization and data | pinterest help or at the adchoices website. marketing and job applications if you opt-in to receive marketing communications from us or to apply for a job, we may collect your name, email, mailing address, and phone number. we may use this information to send you promotional and other electronic and hardcopy communications. we may use third-party providers to deliver communications to you. if you would like to remove your name from blain's farm & fleet's mail, texts, or email lists, please contact our customer support team using the information in the contact us section or click the “unsubscribe” link in the email or the “stop” link in the text. opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of other non-marketing communications from blain’s such as communications about your orders, delivery of rewards of gift cards through push notifications on the app or in email. account settings you can access and update most of your personal information if you have an account on our site by clicking on "my account". if you need to access, update, or delete other personal information that we may have, please visit your account settings under "my account," sending a request to customerservice@farmandfleet.com, or calling us at 800-210-2370 to speak with a customer support team member. to protect your privacy, before we give you access or let you update your information, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information. we will try to update and allow you to access your information for free, but if it would require a disproportionate effort on our part, we may charge a fee. we will disclose the fee before we comply with your request. we may reject a request for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users, requires technical efforts that are disproportionate to the request, is repetitive, or is unlawful. disabling cookies on your browser most browsers automatically accept cookies. you can disable this function by changing your browser settings, but disabling cookies may impact your use and enjoyment of the site. you cannot disable all cookies, such as cookies that are essential to the functioning of the site. you can manually delete persistent cookies, or cookies that track your activity across websites, through your browser settings. to learn about managing your flash cookie settings, or cookies that store information about some videos you see online, visit the flash player settings page on adobe’s website here. to change your preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain more information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising, visit national advertising initiative consumer opt-out page or the digital advertising alliance self-regulatory program. changing your settings with individual browsers or ad networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. as a result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads. disabling location services within the app most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services. you may choose to disable location services through your mobile device. these controls are generally located in the device’s settings menu. if you do so, you will not receive any notifications or services that require a geolocation. you can also contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer for more information on disabling location services. disabling ad tracking on your device on your mobile device you may have features that allow you to opt out of some targeted advertising (“limit ad tracking” on ios devices or “opt out of interest-based ads” on android). to learn more about how these opt-out features work, please review your device settings. even if you disable the tracking, keep in mind that you may still receive interest-based advertising, including from third parties with whom your information had been previously disclosed and that you may still receive advertising from third parties, though such advertising may not be based on your interests and preferences. opt-out of marketing emails if you sign up to receive electronic communications, you consent to our sending such electronic communications to you using the email address you provide. if you no longer want to receive electronic marketing communications from us, please use the “unsubscribe” button found on the emails you received or contact us using a method in section 9 below, and request to be unsubscribed. within ten (10) days of receipt of your unsubscribe request, we will remove you from our distribution list unless you request to be added again in the future. opt-out of text notifications. you may elect to receive text messages from us. when you sign up to receive text messages, we will send you promotional offers and other information. to the extent, you voluntarily opt to have sms notifications sent directly to your mobile phone, we receive and store the information you provide, including your telephone number or when you read a text message. you may opt out of receiving text messages at any time by texting “stop” to our text messages. 9. contact us should you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this policy, please contact us by: calling: 608.754.2821 emailing: customerservice@farmandfleet.com writing us at:blain supply, inc.p.o. box 5391janesville, wi 53547-5391 10. your state privacy rights these terms are applicable to california, iowa, nebraska, and texas residents only under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (“ccpa”), the iowa consumer data protection act (“icdpa”), the nebraska data privacy act (“ndpa”), and the texas data privacy and security act (“tdpsa”), california, nebraska, and texas residents have additional rights with regard to their personal information. we have provided a summary of those rights below. please note that these rights are subject to certain exceptions under applicable law. in the event of a conflict between this section and the remainder of this policy, this section shall take precedence only for california and texas residents. certain capitalized terms not defined in this policy have the meanings set forth in the ccpa, icdpa, ndpa, or tdpsa, as applicable. description of california, iowa, nebraska, and texas privacy rights subject to certain limitations, such as (a) exceptions permitted by applicable law and (b) verification of your identity, california, iowa, nebraska, and texas residents may exercise the following rights with regard to their personal information: rights to know or access your personal information you have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access such personal information. california residents also have the right to access the categories of personal information that we collect. specifically, california residents have a right to access any of the following types of information which occurred in the prior 12-month period: the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected; the categories of personal information we collected; the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information; the categories of personal information that we sold or shared, or which we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose; and the business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing, or selling your personal information. right to deletion you have the right to request that we delete personal information we have collected from or about you. we will comply with such request, and direct our service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions permitted by applicable law right to correct you have a right to request that we correct your inaccurate personal information. if you request that we correct inaccurate personal information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct it. if necessary, we may ask that you provide documentation showing that the information we retained is inaccurate. please note that while the icdpa does not provide for a right to correct for iowa residents, blain’s will honor valid requests to correct the information of iowa residents. right to opt out california residents may opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information. for more information, please see the “notice of your california right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information” section below. iowa residents have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information. nebraska, and texas residents may opt out of the processing of their personal information for purposes of: (1) targeted advertising, (2) the sale of their personal information, and (3) automated profiling of personal information, if that profiling could lead to certain legal outcomes, (e.g., the provision or denial of employment opportunities). right to data portability you may request a copy of the personal information you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. right to non-discrimination you have a right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of your rights under applicable law. how to exercise your state privacy rights to exercise your state privacy rights, you may submit your request to us by: completing our webform at: https://www.farmandfleet.com/opt-out-form/ calling us at: 1-800-210-2370 emailing us at: customerservice@farmandfleet.com writing us at:blain supply, inc.p.o. box 5391janesville, wi 53547-5391 who may exercise your rights.you may only make a request to exercise your rights on behalf of yourself. a parent or legal guardian may make a request on behalf of their child. a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a request related to your personal information. authorized agents.under the ccpa, california residents may use an authorized agent to exercise any of their privacy rights. under the ndpa and tdpsa, nebraska and texas residents may use an authorized agent to opt out of (1) the sale of their personal information and (2) the processing of their personal information for the purposes of targeted advertising on their behalf. you may designate an authorized agent to make the appropriate type of request on your behalf by doing the following: (1) provide the authorized agent written permission to do so; and (2) verify your own identity (per the process stated below), as well as the identity of the authorized agent. we may deny a request from an authorized agent if we do not have proof that they are authorized by you to act on your behalf. please note that the icdpa does not allow residents to use an authorized agent to exercise any privacy rights on their behalf. verifiable consumer request.in order to verify your request, you must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information, and you must describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. to verify your identity, we may ask you to provide additional information. any information you provide will only be used to verify your request. when seeking additional information from you, we may contact you through your account or the contact phone number or email address you provided in your request. if we cannot verify your identity, we may deny your request. when we will respond.we will try to respond to your request within 45 days. if we require additional time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period. any disclosures we provide to california residents will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. appeals for iowa, nebraska, and texas residents if you are an iowa, nebraska, or texas resident, you have the right to appeal a denied request to exercise your privacy rights. you must submit your request within 60 days of your receipt of our denial. you may submit your request to us by: emailing us at: customerservice@farmandfleet.com, or writing us at:blain supply, inc.p.o. box 5391janesville, wi 53547-5391 we will respond to your appeal within 60 days of receiving your request. when we respond we will include any action taken or not taken, including an explanation of the reason or reasons for the decision. california-specific rights and disclosures blain’s does not use or disclose sensitive personal information (as defined by the ccpa) for any purposes that are not exempted by the ccpa. in the last 12 months, we have not “sold”, as defined in the ccpa, your personal information to a third party for commercial purposes in exchange for monetary compensation. in the past 12 months, we have “shared”, as defined in the ccpa, the following categories of personal information with third parties, to enable those third parties to assist us in connection with marketing, advertising and analytics: identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity in the past 12 months, we have “disclosed”, as defined in the ccpa, the following categories of personal information, to our service providers, who act on our behalf when they provide services to us. our service providers do not share your personal information and can only use your personal information at our direction: identifiers, protected classifications, customer records, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation data, sensory data, employment information, educational information, and inferences notice of your california right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information california residents may direct us not to sell or share your personal information at any time (this is your right to “opt-out”). you may exercise your right to opt-out in the following ways: honoring opt-out preference signals. california residents may opt out by sending an opt-out preference signal, such as the global privacy control (gpc) on the browsers or extensions that support such a signal. to download and use a browser supporting the gpc browser signal, click here: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/orgs. if you choose to use the gpc signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use. if you use the gpc signal and do not have an account or are not signed into your account, we will only associate the gpc signal with your browser because the link between your browser and account is not known to us. other contact methods. you may also submit your opt-out request by: completing our webform at: https://www.farmandfleet.com/opt-out-form/ calling us at: 1-800-210-2370 emailing us at customerservice@farmandfleet.com writing us at:blain supply, inc.p.o. box 5391janesville, wi 53547-5391 california residents may designate an authorized agent to make an opt-out request on their behalf by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so. we may deny a request from an authorized agent if we do not have proof that they are authorized by you to act on your behalf. notice of financial incentive offerings we offer product samples, discounts, coupons, survey rewards and sweepstakes or contest rewards from time to time. in exchange, we will collect, use, share and retain certain personal information from you to deliver the benefit to you. we will also maintain and utilize the personal information you provide for future marketing purposes. these product samples, discounts, coupons, survey rewards and sweepstakes or contest rewards may be considered a financial incentive under ccpa. these financial incentives are reasonably related to the value of the data you provide. we make a reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generation from brand loyalty and repeat purchases. we calculate the value of the offer and financial incentive by using the expense related to the offer. california shine the light law pursuant to california civil code section 1798.83, if you are a california resident, you have the right to obtain: (a) a list of all third parties to whom we may have disclosed your personal information within the past year for direct marketing purposes, and (b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed, by contacting us per the “contact us” section above. blain’s farm & fleet mobile app the savings, value, & service you trust—right inside your pocket! more about the app be the first to hear about our sales, events, and promotions! email address sign up services automotive service drive thru pickup same day local delivery farms service blain's animal rx registries & lists gift cards gift guide extended service program small engine repair fishing & hunting licenses rebates vip pet care other store services our company blain's rewards mobile app about us our history community involvement blain's blog news careers at blain's real estate modeling blain's mastercard pay & manage card apply for the card customer care need help? get support, place orders, give feedback—we’re here to help! email us call us 1-800-210-2370 give us feedback faq shipping & returns best price promise coupons tax exempt application be the first to hear about our sales, events, and promotions! email address sign up services automotive service drive thru pickup same day local delivery farms service blain's animal rx registries & lists gift cards gift guide extended service program small engine repair fishing & hunting licenses rebates vip pet care other store services our company blain's rewards mobile app about us our history community involvement blain's blog news careers at blain's real estate modeling blain's mastercard pay & manage card apply for the card customer care need help? get support, place orders, give feedback—we’re here to help! email us call us 1-800-210-2370 give us feedback faq shipping & returns best price promise coupons tax exempt application need help? get support, place orders, give feedback—we’re here to help! email us call us 1-800-210-2370 give us feedback be the first to hear about our sales, events, and promotions! email address sign up services company blain’s mastercard stores customer care coupon policy legal notice pet policy privacy policy ccpa privacy notice product recalls safety data sheets (sds) notice at collection do not sell or share my personal information © 2003 - 2025 blain supply, inc. prices were current at the time of posting. we reserve the right to change prices without notice and to correct errors. × adding to cart × please wait × please wait