来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20130502072409/http://alevastores.com/index.php/news-listing/
================================================================================

aleva stores - click, shop, save :: news aleva alevastores.com view all aleva stores homeabout uscontact us 877-846-4600 homeabout usour storyour philosophyour visionour teamfeatured brands newscustomer service our stores alevalegs.comathletic compressionbalancedforyou.comdiabetic sock shopdocortho.comfocusfeet.comforyourlegs.comhealthylegs.comrunningsocks.comsocksaddict.com news 2012-05-10 15:03:03 athleticcompression.com continues its growth as aleva stores adds mcdavid to its inventory. mcdavid’s roots trace back to 1969 when dr. robert f. mcdavid designed and developed what was to become the first widely used lateral... more news enewsletter sign up for our enewsletter to receive the latest reviews, updates and special discounts! alevastores.com newsletter get the hottest deals before they sell out. sign up for our newsletter! news 05-10-2012 mcdavid is latest addition to aleva stores athleticcompression.com continues its growth as aleva stores adds mcdavid to its inventory. mcdavid’s roots trace back to 1969 when dr. robert f. mcdavid designed and developed what was to become the first widely used lateral protective knee brace in football. now, mcdavid is the most widely used and recommended brand of braces among sports medical professionals and the industry leader in sports medical products, technical performance athletic wear and consumer merchandising. the latest innovation to come out of mcdavid is its hexpad technology, which changes the way athletes wear under clothing by fusing padding to the performance fabrics and defining...more » 05-10-2012 aleva stores adds compressport to its online stores as the athletic compression takeover continues, aleva stores is keeping itself in the game by adding compressport compression wear to athleticcompression.com, runningsocks.com and socksaddict.com. compressport has been tried, tested and approved by sports professionals and amateurs and has made itself a leader in the compression market. compressport is dedicated to helping athletes boost their performance, delay fatigue, avoid muscle tear and injury and provide quick and optimum recovery. the compressport technical weave is designed for a more effective venous return from the feet to the heart as you exercise. after exercise, compressport fiber will continue to apply...more » 05-10-2012 aleva stores further expands; adds dr. comfort with the recent launch of diabeticsockshop.com, aleva stores begins its quest to build inventory by adding dr. comfort socks. founded in 2002, dr. comfort has become the worldwide leading provider of diabetic footwear. dr. comfort recognizes the need for style, comfort and quality in the therapeutic shoe industry, which has allowed them to become the worldwide leader. dr. comfort isn’t just a name – you’ll find the finest quality comfort socks around with dr. comfort. all styles of dr. comfort socks are designed and manufactured with your foot health in mind. those with diabetes, arthritis, edema, neuropathy and circulation...more » 05-10-2012 patagonia socks now available at socksaddict.com now offered at socksaddict.com are patagonia socks. the addition of patagonia will help round out the hiking and running socks options available in the sock mecca known as socksaddict.com. patagonia grew out of a small company that made tools for climbers and now makes clothing and socks for climbing, skiing, snowboarding, surfing, fly fishing, paddling and trail running. all these sports are silent sports and the reward comes in the form of connection between the athlete and nature. patagonia is always on the search for more environmentally friendly fabrics. in some patagonia products, hemp and recycled polyester is used....more » 04-19-2012  aleva stores launches diabeticsockshop.com aleva stores continues to expand its business by launching diabeticsockshop.com. the addition of diabeticsockshop.com brings the total e-commerce sites run by aleva stores to 10. with the new site, aleva stores aims to provide the best diabetic sock-focused website around. aleva stores understands that diabetic socks can’t just be lumped in with other socks. “like compression socks, diabetic sock brands also have very unique qualities that only trained fitters can fully understand,” said aleva stores president, derek gaskins. “we’ve equipped our compression fitters with the knowledge to properly assist our diabeticsockshop.com customers...more » 03-14-2012 aleva stores launches athleticcompression.com athleticcompression.com is the latest website to be launched by aleva stores. forged with the endurance athlete in mind, athleticcompression.com provides easy navigation for compression socks, shirts, sleeves, tights and more. creating athleticcompression.com was an easy decision for the aleva stores team. “we are excited to be bringing our knowledge of medical compression to the athletic world with the launch of athleticcompression.com,” said aleva stores president, derek gaskins. “this knowledge combined with the power of aleva stores will provide consumers with the ultimate athletic compression buying experience.” those new and old to compression can surf through athleticcompression.com with ease by shopping...more » 03-13-2012 sugoi becomes the latest brand added to aleva stores aleva stores is always on the lookout for premier brands to add to their many websites and the latest addition is sugoi. sugoi is japanese for “incredible” – so you know what to expect when you delve into sugoi products. founded in 1987 by david hollands and carol prantner, sugoi got its start as a basement operation and its goal was to address the short supply of genuine technical cycling apparel. very quickly, sugoi earned a cult following among athletes seeking the best performing, best-looking apparel available. over twenty years later, sugoi has cemented itself as an international company that...more » 02-17-2012 aleva stores adds under armour to its inventory the latest move by aleva stores is the addition of under armour to its online stores. not only will the addition further boost the sock selection found on socksaddict.com and runningsocks.com, but athletic apparel as well. founded in 1996 by kevin plank, under armour is an originator of performance apparel. under armour engineers gear to keep athletes cool and dry throughout the course of a game, practice or workout. technology behind under armour’s very diverse product offerings may be complex, but reaping the benefits is simple: wear heatgear when it’s hot, coldgear when it’s cold, and allseasongear between the extremes.more » 02-14-2012 aleva stores adds tiger tail to its inventory the latest addition to aleva stores, tiger tail, got its start in the garage of its creator, spring faussett. as a long time soccer player, faussett often dealt with nagging injuries and sore muscles. foam rollers and rolling pins never seemed to work for her; one day she wondered what would happen if she crossed a rolling pin and foam roller together. by using some parts ordered online, tiger tail was created. tiger tail massage rollers are easy to use and help relieve muscle knots, aches, cramping, spasms and stiffness. turn sore muscles into happy muscles with tiger trail. the...more » 02-09-2012 aleva stores brings halo headwear to socksaddict.com chalk up another non-sock addition to socksaddict.com. aleva stores is proud to bring to halo headwear to both socksaddict.com and runningsocks.com. the addition of halo headwear adds more depth to the headwear options provided at socksaddict.com. halo got its start in southern california, where stinging, burning eyes from salty swear constantly dripping is a common problem for athletes. after two years of testing ideas and various prototypes, the solution was made – a water-tight seal on the inside of the headband. the seal actually channels the sweat to the sides, out of your face, even if it becomes saturated.more » 02-06-2012 petzl now available at socksaddict.com the latest addition aleva stores is making to socksaddict.com is sure to rev explorers and hikers up with excitment - various products from petzl are now available at socksaddict.com. for 30 years now, petzl has been designing and distributing solutions that aid in commitment and progression on vertical and/or dark terrain with optimal efficiency, freedom and safety. with expertise in mountaineering, trail running, climbing, caving and many other things, petzl offers headlamps to light your way through the darkest and toughest terrains. when it comes to lighting, petzl invented the concept of the “entirely on the head” headlamp, which allows...more » 02-06-2012 aleva stores brings geopalz to socksaddict.com the newest addition to aleva stores’ inventory is a great motivator to get our youth off the couch and outside. geopalz presents a way to get the kids away from the television and get motivated to get active. geopalz converts your kids' activity into points for a chance to redeem free stuff. geopalz uses 2-d pedometers that track the user's steps throughout the day. the steps are then logged onto the geopalz website using a username and password. each week, geopalz sends an email to the parent with their child's progress. a graph will be included to show how they...more » 01-27-2012 icebreaker socks now available at socksaddict.com the latest member to the socksaddict.com family is icebreaker. the addition of icebreaker further adds more running, hiking and skiing options to the large inventory found at socksaddict.com icebreaker got its start in 1994 when jeremy moon was introduced to a merino sheep farmer, brian brackenridge. brackenridge showed moon a prototype of a thermal t-shirt made from 100% merino wool. moon enjoyed it so much he wanted to sell them and soon began a laying out a business plan. for icebreaker, it’s all about functionality – better temperature regulation, mobility, sweat management and fit. their roots are in nature...more » 01-25-2012 aleva stores adds thorlos to its inventory one of the most popular sock brands around, thorlos, can now be found on aleva stores websites such as socksaddict.com and runningsocks.com. the full line of thorlos socks is the latest addition to the always growing inventory at aleva stores. by bringing in thorlos, more running, hiking, winter, basketball, dress and plenty of other socks will be at the disposal of visiting consumers. thorlos have grown wildly popular and known for their fat pad protection. thorlos socks protect fat pads from shearing forces by transferring these forces from fat pads to the cushion fabric, where fat pad degradation...more » 01-18-2012 buff headwear is latest addition to socksaddict.com in a move to expand beyond just socks, aleva stores is adding buff headwear to socksaddict.com. buff’s inception came when juan rojas, a textile manufacturer, realized he needed extra protection from the elements when riding his motorcycle. rojas worked on drawings and designs in his family’s textile factory until he found a way of manufacturing a seamless, tubular garment out of microfiber. the 12-ways-to-wear headwear are perfect for running, hunting, biking, winter sports and many other activities. you can wear them as a headband,...more » 12-07-2011 aleva stores introduces heat factory to socksaddict.com just in time for winter, aleva stores is adding select products from heat factory to socksaddict.com. since 1980, heat factory has led the industry with product designs and development. they specialize in providing warmth when and where you need it most. with consistent product quality, it’s hard to deviate from heat factory when it comes time to stay warm in the winter. products being introduced to socksaddict.com include the acrylic & merino wool pocket socks, the balaclava and of course, foot and toe warmers. with heat factory, winter will be...more » 11-02-2011 aleva stores adds beiersdorf products to healthylegs.com the latest move by aleva stores is the addition of beiersdorf skin care products to healthylegs.com. within beiersdorf you’ll find two of the world’s most successful skin care brands: nivea and eucerin with the addition of products from nivea and eucerin, consumers can now indulge in high quality soaps, lotions, moisturizers, crèmes, shaving gel and more. not only is beiersdorf committed to reliable quality, but is now drawing upon 130 years of experience. in fact, beiersdorf is celebrating the 100-year anniversary of nivea, which was the first stable emollient...more » 10-11-2011 products from trion:z added to socksaddict.com & runningsocks.com aleva stores is at it again, this time adding trion:z to its inventory. trion:z manufactures products with award-winning magnetic and negative ionic technology. with firm dedication to developing the finest products for the sports and fitness market, trion:z operates itself believing in the importance of a healthy and fulfilling lifestyle. by using their alternating north-south ploarity orientation (anspo) system - which is comprised of 1,000 gauss axially magnetized magnets to maximize magnetic field flow - customers, retailers and professional athletes find themselves with some of the most advanced negative ionic-magnetic products around. trion:z also stresses the importance of providing creative, stylish...more » 09-14-2011 aleva stores adds vitalsox to socksaddict.com & runningsocks.com with much delight, aleva stores is adding vitalsox to its online stores, socksaddict.com and runningsocks.com. aleva stores sees the addition of vitalsox as a vital move to continue providing consumers with the best one-stop sock shopping online store. vitalsox’s mission is to develop the right sock to get the full benefits of exercising. with that in mind, they adhere to their feetness concept: a sock, a simple but a technologically innovative item, helps your feet work better and stay fit, allowing your heart and the rest of our body to benefit, creating a general well-being. prevent blisters, improve circulation,...more » 08-24-2011 aleva stores finds itself on inc's 500|5000 list inc magazine recently released its 500|5000 list for 2011, where aleva stores ranked 1821st overall. the list represents the most comprehensive look at the most important segment of the economy – america’s independent entrepreneurs. inc magazine is the only major business magazine dedicated exclusively to owners and managers of growing private companies that delivers real solutions for today’s innovative company builders. aleva stores’ 144% 3-year growth rate was good enough to get aleva stores in the top half of the list. they also ranked 84th overall in the retail category and 20th overall for the metro-detroit region. this news comes shortly...more » 08-18-2011 aleva stores introduces cep rx braces to docortho.com with their socks getting more popular by the day, cep takes the next step by introducing braces and supports to their catalog. since aleva stores carries cep compression socks on a few of their other sites, these new products allow them to bring cep’s quality products to docortho.com. added to docortho.com is the cep rxortho line featuring knee braces, ankle supports and achilles braces. present in these new products from cep is their additus+ system, which combines compression and functionality. with the additus+ system, cep products offer the best combination of compression and specific functions for every sport type. therefore,...more » 08-15-2011 aleva stores named to internet retailer's second 500 list aleva stores recently learned they were named to internet retailer’s second 500 list. internet retailer is a monthly national business magazine that is at the core of the leading retail information web site, an e-commerce conference and five directories that serve the retailing community. internet retailer's definitive ranking and analysis of america's 500 up-and-coming e-retailers is based on annual 2010 internet sales, researched by internet retailer and confirmed by retailers. this report includes company financial, operational and performance data, as well as vendors in key categories. aleva stores ranked on the list at 601,...more » 08-02-2011 aleva stores moves to bigger warehouse exponential growth led aleva stores to move to a bigger warehouse to accommodate their entire inventory. previously operating out of a 14,000 square foot building, they have now moved to a 34,280 square foot building in rochester hills, mich. before the warehouse switch was in effect, 2011 was already shaping up to be a huge year for aleva stores. in the beginning of the year, they bought out docortho.com, which led to bringing in braces and supports for ankles, elbows, knees and much more. since then they have launched socksaddict.com and runningsocks.com. before the launch of these two...more » 06-24-2011 aleva stores expands inventory; adds 2xu compression proper apparel for athletes doesn’t just stop at socks – so as aleva stores builds upon its budding inventory, they are making a point of adding some of the best compression wear around. new to the aleva stores inventory this go-around is 2xu compression. founded in melbourne, australia, 2xu looks to advance human performance – legally – with their product. by employing fabric and construction technology, you’ll find with 2xu you’ll have the ability to go beyond what you thought was possible. the designs of all the products are made with the idea of making you feel more prepared and...more » 05-17-2011 aleva stores adds darn tough to socksaddict.com the inventory expansion continues for aleva stores as they bring in products from darn tough. darn tough is based out of vermont and was started over thirty years ago with one idea in mind: the creation of socks that are tough enough to survive frigid winters and humid summers in one of the most unforgiving climates in the lower 48. whether you’re hiking, skiing, climbing, running or biking, darn tough socks will keep your feet oblivious to the elements. all of darn tough’s socks are crafted with the same high quality raw material and high density knitting techniques. they...more » 05-16-2011 aleva stores launches runningsocks.com with great excitement, aleva stores announces the launch of their latest website, runningsocks.com. aleva stores first took the step to becoming the go-to source for socks by launching socksaddict.com – a site designed to sell socks for a wide range of activities. with runningsocks.com, aleva stores has designed a site to suit the sock needs for runners everywhere. runningsocks.com contains the most optimal sock navigation for runners. visitors to the site will be able to find their sock soul mate by browsing by brand, cut, fabric, and more. carrying over to the new site will be aleva stores’...more » 05-05-2011 adventure medical kits added to socksaddict.com in a move to certainly expand upon the versatility of the newly launched aleva stores website, socksaddict.com, selected products from adventure medical kits are added to inventory. this addition will bring adventure medical kits’ foot care products and first aid kits to the socksaddict. sometimes it takes extra care to properly care for your feet – that’s why socksaddict.com is also filling its inventory with more than just socks. you’ll find products from adventure medical kits as a great addition to your packs on all different kinds of adventures. adventure medical kits dedicates itself to constantly bring you the...more » 04-20-2011 aleva stores introduces feetures! to its inventory the family-owned and operated company, feetures!, is the most recent addition to aleva stores’ inventory. hugh gaither founded feetures! in 2002 after 25-plus years in manufacturing for another leading athletic sock brand. he did so under his belief of there being a better way to create a performance sock using the latest sock technology. feetures! recognizes athletes of today need a sock that is specifically designed to help maximize their performance. power bands of lycra are strategically placed on the socks so it contours to the individual shape of each person’s foot. perfecttoe is another valuable feature in feetures!...more » 04-06-2011 fox river product line added to aleva stores aleva stores continues to flourish as the fox river product line is added to the four-plus million dollar inventory. fox river was founded on the standard of offering a superior product with great service at a fair price. originally founded in 1900, fox river has grown into one of the leading outdoor, athletic, and lifestyle manufacturers in the world. fox river socks have a patented wick dry® health system™. it is designed to help keep feet dry and comfortable, no matter what the temperature. the wick dry health system combines an inner layer of moisture-repelling yarn with an...more » 04-06-2011 aleva stores adds fits socks co. to its inventory the latest additions to aleva stores’ ever-growing inventory are socks manufactured by fits socks co. started in 1902 as crescent socks co., the family-owned fits socks co. continues to operate out of the oldest hosiery mill in the united states. at one time, crescent was manufacturing over 30 brands before deciding to market their own high-quality products as fits. the reason for it was to respond to what they called “an industry-wide epidemic of ill-fitting socks.” fits socks are designed to be the best-fitting outdoor performance socks on the market. each sock delivers added benefits that are uncommon in...more » 03-21-2011 aleva stores adds swede-o products to docortho.com inventory for aleva stores’ braces and supports store, docortho.com, continues to grow as swede-o products are the latest addition to the online store. swede-o is recognized as a worldwide leader in providing innovative products designed to prevent or rehabilitate ankle-related injuries. they have also expanded their product offerings to include orthopedic supports for almost every part of your body. what’s remarkable is swede-o was founded out of a garage in 1981. the company’s founder, marvin nelson, started out with just one product – the ankle lok. the ankle...more » 03-18-2011 aleva stores adds dahlgren socks to its online stores refusing to slow down, aleva stores adds dahlgren socks to its online stores. dahlgren began in 1978 and was founded by ray and diane dahlgren. together, they went on to develop a sock that keeps the feet cool and dry during high-performance activities. as time went on, dahlgren continued to evolve in how they made their socks, but their commitment to quality remained the same. dahlgren also promises to ensure all production on the dahlgren line remains in the united states. dahlgren is known for its effective dri-stride technology. simply put, it absorbs moisture, transfers it, and...more » 03-10-2011 for those about to sock, we salute you aleva stores is taking the next step to becoming the go-to source for all things socks by launching its new online store, socksaddict.com. with this new launch, aleva stores is making the jump from compression hosiery to performance and casual socks. “with our expertise in compression socks, transitioning to the performance and leisure sock category was, pun intended, a great fit for us,” said aleva stores president derek gaskins. “i'm very excited about the launch of socksaddict.com and upcoming launches of several other sock-related websites. we truly look forward to becoming the go-to source for...more » 02-22-2011 surgical appliance industries product line added to docortho.com once again, aleva stores is adding more products to its catalog. this time, the surgical appliance industries product line is being added to docortho.com. with the addition of surgical appliance industries products, docortho.com’s catalog will now contain an even larger selection of braces and supports. sai’s products are separated into four major categories. first there is truform therapeutic compression hosiery. this category contains a mix of the most common prescribed styles at a price point significantly lower than leading brands. next, there is truform otc orthotics and prosthetics. here, there is a complete line of prescription off-the-shelf products for the spine...more » 02-18-2011 zensah product line added to healthylegs.com aleva stores recognizes the importance of compression therapy, so we’re always looking for ways to expand our compression-related products catalog. bringing on the zensah line was an easy decision due to their history of phenomenal compression technology. zensah compression products provide an optimal blend of graduated and pinpoint compression. the graduated compression provides maximum compression at the bottom of the garment and gradually lessens upward; while the pinpoint compression targets the exact source of pain. while the zensah catalog includes compression socks, arm sleeves, thigh sleeves, bras, and shorts, zensah was the first company to introduce compression leg sleeves. zensah’s leg...more » 02-17-2011 it's american heart month! february is an important month for our hearts. not only do we celebrate valentine’s day with the ones we love, but it is also american heart month. since 1963, congress has required the president to proclaim february “american heart month.” this is for good reason too, as cardiovascular disease is the number one killer in the united states. did you know, approximately every 25 seconds, an american will have a cardiac event? most cases of heart disease can be prevented as well. to honor american heart month, consider getting your blood pressure and cholesterol checked. compression stockings can also help your...more » 02-03-2011 foryourlegs.com now carrying bridgedale and spenco products foryourlegs.com, one of several sites powered by aleva stores, is expanding its product catalog and now carrying bridgedale and spenco products. bridgedale socks are made of wool and provide great comfort for everything from long-distance running to sitting at your desk in your workplace! if you're looking to add even more comfort and support to your feet, then spenco products are for you! spenco produces high-quality insoles for wide range of uses. we're proud to continue expanding our catalog to make the shopping experience even better for our customers. check them out, today! ...more » 01-19-2011 aleva stores launches docortho.com redesign after acquiring docortho.com, aleva stores is now announcing a complete redesign to the existing website for easier navigation and online shopping. not only will docortho.com have aleva stores’ excellent customer service and management, but also a totally revamped webpage more attracting to the consumer’s eye. “i'm very excited about this new design,” said derek gaskins, president and ceo of aleva stores. “it embraces the new look and feel of alevastores.com and is truly representative of where we are headed.  orthopedic soft goods have been an integral part of our business dating...more » 01-03-2011 aleva stores acquires docortho.com the latest online store added to aleva stores is docortho.com. docortho.com carries a wide-range selection of orthopedic braces and medical supports. "we are very excited about this recent acquisition,” said aleva stores president, derek gaskins. “our customers can look forward to a great new design coming later this month, improved customer service and the speedy shipping aleva stores is known for.  our goal is to make docortho.com the industry leader in online orthopedic soft goods retail." docortho.com will dedicate itself to providing a range of true professional medical supports...more » 12-27-2010 aleva stores now carrying superfeet® products aleva stores is proud to be carrying superfeet® products at our healthylegs.com store. superfeet® consistently and successfully creates premium insoles for all different types of feet, for all different types of activities and sports. every design is based on the proven principles of podiatric medicine, giving your feet proper support. superfeet’s® encapsulating stabilizer system® provides ideal biomechanical support, allowing your foot to move easily through its full and healthy range of motion, lowering the risk of fatigue and injury. superfeet®...more » 08-11-2010 sigvaris jewel have you seen the new sigvaris jewel women's knee-high support stockings? this 15-20 mmhg knee-high stocking features a fun, fashionable diamond pattern paired with a comfortable and fashionable top band. if you haven't yet, be sure to check out the sigvaris jewel today!more » 07-25-2008 alevalegs.com is live! we are pleased to announce the long anticipated launch of www.alevalegs.com. we have been in the compression therapy industry for nearly 40 years. one thing the industry has always lacked has been a well manufactured value priced compression garment. well, the day has come and that void has been filled. we have spent the past several years researching and testing the numerous value priced compression stocking manufacturers who have entered the market over the past 10 years. many of these manufacturers we have deemed not worthy of aleva health endorsement.however, three brands stuck out to us during our research and...more » 08-14-2008 coming soon... www.focusfeet.com we have recently begun development of an exciting new website. this site is in the early stages of research. we hope to launch it in early 2009. focusfeet.com will do just that - focus on your feet. our mission is to provide a one stop source for anything and everything related to feet. the site will feature products to treat specific ailments and products for simply pampering your feet. our mission with focusfeet.com is to help you put your best foot forward each time you step!more » 04-01-2009 cepsocks.com is here! we are pleased to announce the launch of www.cepsocks.com! cepsocks.com is the home of cep compression athletic socks including the triathlete's new best friend, cep compression running socks, walking socks, hiking (trekking) socks and soccer socks. compression therapy in athletics is shown to increase muscle oxygenation. in turn, this increases performance by an average of 5%, reduces fatigue, boosts lactic acid metabolization and shortens recovery time to get you back in action sooner. great for competitive athletes, weekend warriors, and any sports-minded individual looking to improve their performance and recovery. cep socks feature a 30-day money back guarantee and a 6-month...more » 05-01-2009 we have officially launched www.focusfeet.com. well, it took longer than anticipated, but it's finally here. we have finally launched www.focusfeet.com after over 18 months of research and development. our mission at focus feet is to provide unique products to assist with a variety of foot ailments and simply for comfort. we are constantly searching for the next and most innovative foot care product to offer. at focus feet, we understand the importance of feeling great when on your feet and strive to help you improve the foundation we all rely on day in and day out - our feet! focus where it counts and put your...more » have a question? call us toll-free 877-846-4600 email-- support@alevastores.com hours-- monday - friday 9:00am to 5:30pm est saturday 10:00am to 1:00pm est contact us dial us: 877-846-4600 email: support@alevastores.com1840 enterprise drive rochester hills, mi 48309 customer service about usreturn policyshipping policyprivacy policypayment optionsautoship program we accept follow us twitterfacebooklinked inwordpress © copyright 2010 alevastores.com. all rights reserved.