来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20230519231638/https://alevastores.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy - aleva stores (248) 289-1188 home story team channels brands partners employment contact story team channels brands partners menu privacy policy for alevastores.com this privacy policy applies to personal information collected online by aleva stores, llc, its parents, affiliates and subsidiaries, owner and operator of the alevastores.com website, (collectively referred to as “aleva stores”) in connection with its u.s.-based websites, microsites, mobile sites or mobile apps that expressly adopt, display or link to this privacy policy (collectively referred to as our “sites”). it also applies to personal information aleva stores collects in connection with its pages on social media sites, such as facebook®, twitter®, or others (collectively referred to as our “social media pages”). our sites are not directed at children under the age of 13, and no one under the age of 13 should provide personal information on our sites. this privacy policy answers the following questions: what information does aleva stores collect about you on our sites and social media pages? how do we use the information we collect about you? how is technology used to serve our advertisements on other sites that you visit and what choices do you have? does aleva stores share your information with third parties? what choices do you have over how aleva stores uses your information? how does aleva stores secure your information on its sites? will this privacy policy change? how can i contact aleva stores? 1. what information does aleva stores collect about you on our sites and social media pages? we may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including when you provide us information we observe or collect information through technology we receive information about you from third parties we collect information on our social media pages. information you provide we may ask you to provide information about yourself directly to our sites, such as the following: name social security number address personal preferences email address information related to customer satisfaction telephone number employment history payment card information resume, cover letter and similar employment related materials location information we may allow you to use your personal social media account, on social media sites (“personal social media account”), to provide information to us when you participate in certain features on our sites. this information may include any information you have shared on your personal social media accounts, such as the following: your name birthday profile picture education gender work history networks address user id interests list of friends likes language country it is also possible that we will be able to continue collecting this information from your personal social media accounts should the information be revised by you later. you may choose not to provide us with certain requested information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of the features on our sites. information observed or collected through technology navigational information. navigational information, such as the following, is collected by us and our third-party service providers when you use our sites: browser type and version operating system the internet service provider used to access our sites ip address use of links to arrive at our sites web pages requested and viewed time spent on our sites for our mobile websites, technical information about the device used, such as screen size, cookie support by the device and how images may appear location information. our sites and emails include features that may require collecting different types of location information that we then use for the specific feature you have selected, such as: email. our emails may use your ip address to determine the postal code where you are located when you open the email. this allows us to tailor content to you. the specificity of the location can vary depending on the device used to open our emails. cookies and other similar technology. we and our third-party service providers use “cookies.” cookies assign a unique identification to your device and are typically stored on your device by your web browser. we may also use pixel tags (also known as web beacons, web bugs, and clear gifs) on the sites and in emails. a pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a webpage or in an email message. the information we and our third-party service providers collect through cookies, pixel tags and similar technology includes the following: your interactions with our sites and with our advertisements the time of your visit to our sites confirmation when you open email from us, including the time you open the email and whether you click on any links in the email sites you visit after visiting one of our sites. for additional information on the use of cookies for advertising, see “3. how is technology used to serve our advertisements on other sites that you visit and what choices do you have?”, below. information obtained from third parties we may combine information about you from other sources with the information we have collected about you on our sites or social media pages. for example, in connection with searching and applying for jobs with us, we may use a third party to collect and process the applicant profiles and preferences, monitor website activity, maintain the database, and provide plug-ins (such as linkedin) at your request. we require that the information you provide on pages hosted by these third parties be maintained by them in confidence. information you voluntarily supply will be stored in a database, which will be accessed by authorized personnel of aleva stores to address your inquiry or consider you for employment purposes with any of our affiliates. we may also keep the information for future consideration. information collected on the aleva stores social media pages personal information may be collected directly by us through our social media pages. the type of information we would collect is similar to what is described above under “information you provide.” personal information may also be collected by the social media site hosting our social media pages. our privacy policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which aleva stores has its social media pages. 2. how do we use the information we collect about you? the information we learn from you helps us personalize your experience with us and our communications to you, and helps us continually improve your experience on our sites. we use the information you provide, information collected through your personal social media accounts, and information collected on our social media pages for things like: opening an online account responding to your inquiries improving and developing our products market research and survery servicing our customers analytics advertising and marketing, including emails and postal mail conducting events, promotions, contests and sweepstakes personalizing your experience when visiting our sites processing job and affiliate applications we use navigational information gathered through technology for determining things like: which parts of our sites are most visited or used difficulties visitors may experience in accessing our sites what features/products are browsed monitoring the number of visitors to our sites how to improve and better transact business average time spent on our sites the effectiveness of our sites any programming errors or failures on any of our sites lead generation we use information collected through cookies and similar technology to determine many of the same things listed for navigational information above. in addition cookies and similar technology are used for things like: personalizing your experience on our sites serving tailored ads on other sites, as described below tailoring email marketing to you based on your preferences on or use of our sites determining return visitors measuring the effectiveness of our advertising we use third-party analytics providers, such as google analytics, to measure traffic and usage trends, and to help us better understand your use of and interaction with our sites and social media pages. for more information on how google uses data when you use our sites, click here. similar to the navigational information described above, the social media sites where we have our social media pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to us about visitors to our social media pages. this allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of, and interaction with content on, our social media pages. 3. how is technology used to serve our advertisements on other sites that you visit and what choices do you have? we may contract with third-party advertising companies to tailor online advertising to be directed to you on other websites. these third-party advertising companies place, use, or rely on technology, such as cookies and pixel tags, to obtain information about your interactions with our sites as well as with other websites. this information helps us select advertising to serve to you and where to serve it based on your experience on our sites and other sites that you visit. for information about opt-out programs that these third-party advertising companies participate in, and the effect of opting out, click the following: daa opt out or nai opt out. by clicking this website, you will then leave our site for another online site where you may specify your preferences under that opt-out program. you can also click the preference icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through these technologies. you should also note that our systems may not recognize “do not track” headers from some or all browsers. 4. does aleva stores share your information with third parties? we do not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to unrelated third parties except as set forth below. we may share your personal information with the following: our contractors and affiliates so that they can provide information to you about their and our products and services, our contractors, vendors, affiliates and third party service providers in order to perform tasks on our behalf such as the following: facilitating your purchase assisting in servicing our products providing and improving our communications with you responding to requests to our investor relations cloud based and hosting services third parties so that they can offer products or services related to your purchase when it is necessary for completing or servicing any transactions that you have authorized and, in some instances, to verify the existence or condition of your account with a financial institution, credit bureau or other third parties to verify an application for employment as required to cooperate with a subpoena, search warrant or other legally valid inquiry, court order or other legal process, or as required or permitted by law to protect the rights, property or safety of our sites, our users or others, including where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims as necessary and appropriate to protect aleva stores from harm due to fraud or other illegal activities. if aleva stores were ever merged with or acquired by another company, or if we acquire another business entity or are involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control, or if we sell substantially all the assets of a division, affiliate or subsidiary, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared with the acquiring or acquired company. we may also share aggregate data about our sales, customers, traffic patterns, and other related site information with third parties, but none of this data is connected to an individual’s personal information. 5. what choices do you have over how aleva stores uses your information? we give you choices about the information we collect and how we communicate with you. email: you may opt-out of our marketing emails by following the instructions listed in the email that you received. however, even if you opt-out you may still receive non-marketing emails, such as customer service communications. location information: mobile device location information. your mobile device settings may allow you to disable location-based services, which will prevent our sites from accessing your precise mobile device location information. we recommend you review the help or user manual provided with your device for instructions. desktop device location information. your desktop web browser may allow you to remove permission you granted through your desktop device for our sites to access your location information and/or completely block requests for location information. we recommend you review the help or user manual provided with your browser for instructions. email location information. your email program may allow you to prevent the pixel tags or images in the emails you receive from us from downloading, which will also prevent our service provider from accessing your location information. you can also unsubscribe from receiving our emails, as described in the “email” section above. postal marketing: if you no longer want to receive marketing materials from us via regular postal mail, please call our customer service department at 1-855-363-4980 or fill out our online form and tell us that you want to be removed from the aleva stores postal mailing list, including the postal address you wish to have removed. california opt-out rights: under california law, if you are a resident of california and have previously communicated with us or purchased something from us, you may make a written request to aleva stores about how we have shared your personal information during the prior calendar year with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. in response to your written request, aleva stores is allowed to provide you with a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing rather than providing the information about these third parties. we are providing the opportunity to opt-out, which you can do by submitting an opt out request, that includes your name and all of the postal addresses and email addresses that you have provided to us. 6. how does aleva stores secure your information on its sites? our sites utilize encryption technology. we also use firewalls and have implemented other reasonable technical, administrative and physical measures designed to protect the personal information in our custody or control from unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure. moreover, we regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. while we implement these security measures on our sites, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. we may enable you to navigate to third-party websites through links on our sites. we do this for your convenience. if it is not one of our sites, we don’t endorse, may not have any affiliation with, do not control and aren’t responsible for those third-party websites and/or their internet and web practices. whether the third-party content appears within our site environment (like a map frame), or you leave our site for another website to view it, the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of those other websites govern your online experience. please review their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices. 7. will this privacy policy change? we may make changes to this privacy policy at any time, so please review it periodically. we will update the effective date of the privacy policy at the time a change is made. 8. how can i contact aleva stores? if you have questions or concerns with respect to our privacy policy, please contact us by calling our customer service department at 248-289-1188, filling out an online inquiry form, or writing us at the following address: 1840 enterprise drive, rochester hills, mi., 48309 attn: privacy policy, making sure to include your question, name and contact information. effective as of: march 9, 2018 employment contact ©2023 aleva stores. all rights reserved. privacy | terms