来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141228112732/http://www.benchmade.com/company/faq.aspx
================================================================================

faq's (empty) advanced search it's not a knife... it's a benchmade. products knives & safety cutters gold class – collector blue class – recreation black class – professional heckler & koch® hunt series custom knife accessories & tools pen series clothing/apparel discontinued classics knife wizard download catalog services lifesharp services custom laser marking product registration faq company history our mindset materials mechanisms designers quality awards & recognition testimonials employment public safety black class products automatic knives fixed blades safety cutters & hooks nsn products gsa info register for automatics failure is not an option catalog frequently asked questions online ordering q. i don't see the knife i want on the website. is it not available yet or discontinued? q. can i purchase your knives online or via telephone directly from benchmade? q. if i place an order today, when will it be delivered? q. can i add to my existing order? q. can you send me a catalog, or when did you mail the catalog i ordered? q. i have an older style fixed blade sheath and noticed there is a new style, can i purchase the new one for my knife? q. how do i use the "my favorites" feature? q. why am i being asked to log in? q. how secure is this website? q. what form of payment does your website accept? warranty, lifesharp and lasermark services q. can i customize my griptilian or other model when i send it in for warranty service? q. where do i send my knife for repairs and what's involved? q. will you send me a replacement part? q. what is the status of a knife i sent in for warranty service? q. if i pay extra, will you sharpen my serrations? q. can i upgrade my ats-34 or 154cm blade to m2, d2, etc? q. can i have my blade serrated, change out my washers to the new brass washers, other parts to new and better parts, etc.? q. if i order from you and don't like the product, what is your return policy? q. when will i see the credit for the returned knife on my account? q. what will i need to send with my knife for warranty or lifesharp services q. my knife blade broke. is this covered under warranty? q. can i order a knife with a lasermarking online? q. where do i find the model number of my knife? legal issues q. how do i, as a private citizen purchase an automatic knife from benchmade? i don't agree with benchmade's automatic knife policy and repair policy. prices q. what is my cost on this model? can i get a discount? q. can i have my name lasermarked on the blade and how much will it cost? dealers q. how can i find a local benchmade dealer in my area? q. which dealer will have the knife i want to purchase in stock? q. can i buy direct from the factory? q. when will my dealer receive the knife i have ordered from him? q. where can i go to be assured of purchasing one of your limited run models? product q. what does "e.d.c." mean? q. what do the letters next to the model number stand for? q. how do i know which knife is right for me? q. how do i sharpen my knife? q. my knife is getting rusty spots. how do i fix them? q. i can't find torx drivers to use to remove my carry-clip or adjust my knife. who has them? q. how many of each of the discontinued models were made, when were they made and what is the collectable price now as compared to the price of the knife at the time it was produced? q. why do i see "displaying: 0-0 of 0 results" when i do a search? q. how can i request a donation to a charitable organization from benchmade knife company? online ordering q. i don't see the knife i want on the website. is it not available yet or discontinued? a. if the product you are looking for is not on the website, it is either not available yet (new product), or discontinued. if it has been discontinued, it may have not been posted for informational purposes yet. please feel free to email us to request a product to be posted, or keep an eye at the "new" products link for new releases as they become available. q. can i purchase your knives online or via telephone directly from benchmade? a. the answer is no and yes. we try to support our dealer base as much as possible, realizing the time and efforts they have invested in supporting us, so we ask that our customers first make every effort to find and purchase the knife from our dealers. if your local dealer does not have a particular model or is not able to help you, use our dealer locator on this site to search for other dealers in your area. but certainly, if for some reason you are still unable to find a dealer who has what you want, we will then sell you the knife (at suggested retail pricing and shipping) over the phone, or via our website, with a credit card. q. if i place an order today, when will it be delivered? a. please allow between 24-48 business hours for your order(s) to be processed unless the order has back-order item(s), which can take 1-2 weeks, and in some cases up to 6 weeks to become available. once the order have left the factory as a shipment, the *estimated time for delivery begins. (*estimated time for delivery varies depending on service selected and location.) q. can i add to my existing order? a. no, an additional order will need to be placed for additional items. q. can you send me a catalog, or when did you mail the catalog i ordered? a. to order a benchmade® consumer catalog, please visit our catalog page, which you can also submit a request for a hard copy to be mailed to you. requests for hard copies are usually processed once weekly and mailed out every friday. q. i have an older style fixed blade sheath and noticed there is a new style, can i purchase the new one for my knife? a. the previous standard sheath we offered on our models 140, and 141-nimravus are molded kydex (image (b) below), so we have to fit the sheath to your knife in the warranty/repair department. previous to this sheath was the regular kydex (image (a) below). if you would like to upgrade from the kydex sheath to the molded kydex sheath, please send your knife to "attn: warranty/repair, 300 beavercreek rd., oregon city or 97045" and please remember to always include a reminder note with your check or money order so we know what you want done. the cost is $25 ($20 for the sheath and fitting, and $5 for the return shipping fees). if you feel there is a special circumstance concerning your sheath, please contact the warranty department. please note: the model 100sh2o river/dive knives and many other models are still utilizing the molded kydex sheaths (image (b) above). q. how do i use the "my favorites" feature? a. when you browse benchmade product, you may run across something that you want to remember for later purchase. once you are logged in, simply click on the link under the product that says "add to my favorites", and the product will save as a wish list item. you can store up to 10 favorites, and when you are ready to purchase, just click the "add to cart" button, and proceed to check-out. once your product you purchases from the "my favorites" area has been purchased, the list will remove only the items you selected. you may add new favorites at any time. q. why am i being asked to log in? a. the website will prompt you to log in if you are doing one of the following: continuing through the "check out" from the shopping cart, viewing your account info through the "my account" area, or viewing/adding products to your "my favorites" area. this is so the website recognizes you and can keep track of your product saved, etc. unless you have the use of cookies disabled in your browser, you will only have to "log in" once and the website will recognize you every time you return, until you "log out". your privacy is our concern: benchmade will not sell any information provided to this website to third parties and may only use your information internally for bettering our products and services. q. how secure is this website? a. secure socket layering (ssl) is used when logged in until you have physically logged out. you will see a secure url address, "https://", which signifies a secure setting. you may also see a padlock icon on the browser status area to the lower right. (this website utilizes the use of "cookies" to log you in every time you visit the website. if you have "cookies" disabled, you can enable through your browser's "internet options" menu. to log out click log out on the menu.) q. what form of payment does your website accept? a. you can order conveniently on this website with credit card only. accepted credit cards are visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. (note: we only ship credit card orders complete and do not ship partial shipments.) warranty, lifesharp and lasermark services q. can i customize my griptilian or other model when i send it in for warranty service? a. we don't allow requests to change the handles (even if you are asking for a color that is available in another standard production knife), scales, liners, pivot screw or change blade styles (551 blade to a 553 blade for example) on warranty items sent in to us (owned products). you can however authorize a purchase to change a blade from bk to satin, and in most circumstances we'll switch out clips upon request. very recently we introduced a new feature where you can customize your griptilian. this will in no doubt be a stepping stone in offering more product customizing features in the future in the event that it proves popular. q. where do i send my knife for repairs and what's involved? a. if your knife should ever need any repairs or warranty work done you need to send the knife directly to the benchmade facility. if you are uncertain whether a repair is warranted or not, please feel free to contact the benchmade warranty/repair department before sending the knife in. in the case that you have an automatic knife and live outside the state of oregon you will have to send the appropriate documentation (auto knife opening acknowledgment form) along with the knife or have the dealer from where the knife was purchased send the knife for you. if you do not have the credentials we are federally restricted (federal statute page) from returning the knife to you. further instructions are included on our warranty return form available here: warranty service form q. will you send me a replacement part? a.there are only very few circumstances where we will send a part, especially if it's an internal part. for example we do not send pins, spacers, handles, inlays, liners, blades, springs or locking mechanisms. we recommend our factory warranty/repair department service benchmade knives for liability and warranty reasons. please feel free to send your knife to us for inspection with $5 and we will check for warranty issues and replace any parts that are broken or not functional. attn: warranty/repair 300 beavercreek rd. oregon city, or 97045 if it's not one of the items listed above, please provide an address to ship to and the model number of your knife (found under the logo on the blade). if you are unsure, you can also contact us by selecting "product repair or product issue" from the drop-down menu. q. what is the status of a knife i sent in for warranty service? a. if you haven't received your knife(s), contact us, and choose "knife issues/warranty/lifesharp" from the type dropdown menu, and we will research the status. please include in the email, your full name, approximate date of shipment to us, phone number where you can be reached, and your home address. also, if you sent us an automatic knife, it is possible we haven't been able to contact you in regards to getting a signed copy of the auto knife opening acknowledgment form, which is necessary for us to comply with federal regulations to ship back over state lines. q. if i pay extra, will you sharpen my serrations? a. we do not sharpen serrations on any benchmade knife currently. q. can i upgrade my ats-34 or 154cm blade to m2, d2, etc? a. benchmade doesn't usually offer upgrades or blade changes. please contact us for details. q. can i have my blade serrated, change out my washers to the new brass washers, other parts to new and better parts, etc.? a. please contact the warranty/repair department for specifics on what can be done in your situation. we do not sharpen serrations. q. if i order from you and don't like the product, what is your return policy? a. please contact the customer service department at 1-800-800-7427 to discuss reason for the return(s). there may be a 20% re-stocking fee applied, and you will receive an r.a. number (return authorization number) to submit with the returned product. q. when will i see the credit for the returned knife on my account? a. please allow 3 weeks from the time the package is received at benchmade. watch for the credit on your next credit card statement or benchmade invoice. q. what will i need to send my knife in for warranty or lifesharp services? a. please complete the form at the link below and send it in with your knife. we would be happy to take care of that for you. warranty service form / lifesharp service form q. my knife blade broke. is this covered under warranty? a. broken tips are not normally covered under the warranty unless it is a manufacturing defect. the cost of a new blade is $30.00 if it is satin or $40.00 if it is black. please complete the form at the link below and send it in with your knife. we would be happy to take care of that for you. warranty service form q. can i order a knife with lasermarking online? a. yes. when you are signed-in and add a knife to your shopping cart, you will see a link next to the product which says "customize knife". q. where do i find the model number of my knife? a. most of our knives, with the exclusion of a few older h-k® knives, have the top-level model number labeled under the butterfly logo on the front of the blade (see below). so if you have a serrated 551, it will be labeled "551" under the logo, and the full model number to designate the configuration would be "551s", where the "s" signifies the serrations. view more info on our model numbering. legal issues q. how do i, as a private citizen purchase an automatic knife from benchmade®? i don't agree with benchmade's automatic knife policy and repair policy. a. benchmade knife company, inc. follows guidelines outlined in the federal codes, which prohibit us to ship automatic knife(s) to anyone other than public safety/military. to comply, you have the option of registering with this website as the "public safety/military" web account type, and digitally sign the auto knife opening acknowledgment form. we do not make any exceptions to this law, which is not applicable to oregon residents at this time. prices q. what is my cost on this model? can i get a discount? a. we are a dealer based company and encourage you to locate your nearest dealer. our prices are full retail and no discount is offered off of the price that is stated. q. can i have my name lasermarked on the blade and how much will it cost? a. yes, we have the ability to laser etch your blade (or model 10610 benchmite-ii handle) please contact us for details. dealers q. how can i find a local benchmade dealer in my area? a. we're adding new dealers all the time as more and more people are asking for benchmade. as for finding a dealer in your area you have several options. you can use the dealer locator on our website by simply entering your local zip code. or, you can give us a call at 1.800.800.7427 and ask for assistance. q. which dealer will have the knife i want to purchase in stock? a. we aren't currently set up to know what our dealers have for inventory, so we recommend using the dealer locator and contacting them for availability. q. can i buy direct from the factory? a. you may buy direct from us via phone or website. keep in mind you are subject to factory retail prices. we like to support our dealers and ask that you contact your nearest dealer for purchases. q. when will my dealer receive the knife i have ordered from him? a. many factors arise that cause a dealer to be waiting for a shipment for your order. one of the main factors is that one or more of the product is on backorder, and we're waiting to fulfill the complete order for shipment. backorders can range anywhere from 1-6 weeks, depending on the model(s) and product. you can quickly learn if an item is on backorder status by visiting our website and clicking on "add to cart" for the product you are interested in. it will tell you if it's on backorder in the cart. this system is updated 1-3 times daily, and inventory availability is subject to those updates. q. where can i go to be assured of purchasing one of your limited run models? a. when viewing a limited edition on our website, you can click on the "view dealers" link, and it will pull up the dealer(s) that were shipped that model in your zip code. please note: the limited edition dealer list only shows which dealers were shipped the limited edition and doesn't guarantee it still available by any particular dealer. it might involve contacting more than one dealer. product q. what does "e.d.c." mean? a. e.d.c. is an abbreviation for "every day carry". some knives are chosen as collector knives, therefore not being an e.d.c. q. what do the letters next to the model number stand for? a. great question. in addition to the particular model numbers, benchmade uses a fairly simple coding system to differentiate the various model specific blade configurations. we commonly offer four basic blade configurations in each model with a few exceptions. first off if the model number appears by itself without any additional characters that means the blade is plain edge with satin finish. next, the "s" stands for serrations or our comboedge™, which has a partially serrated and partially plain edge. "bk" (or the older "bt") stands for our exclusive bk1™ benchkote™ black coating on the blade for increased corrosion protection. and, the two together in "sbk" (or the older "sbt") stands for a partially serrated blade with bk1™ coating. as for the "hs" and the "hssr", they designate m2 high-speed steel blades with the first being plain edge and the latter being comboedge™. other letters you might see are bp, which stand for black-pearl, a ceramic style coating, and bx or sbx, which stand for either a plain edge black oxide coating or comboedge® black oxide coating. q. how do i know which knife is right for me? a. knives are tools. so it only makes sense that if you are considering the purchase of a knife, you should first consider how you would use it. are you going to cut, slice, shave, poke, pick, pierce, or just how will you be using the blade the largest percentage of time. the various blade styles offer their own specific application strengths and advantages just by their individual shape alone. with a little thought you can determine this by looking at each one and visualizing how it could be used. knife size comes down to personal comfort level and how much blade you need to accomplish your tasks. size can also play a factor in whether you choose a fixed blade or folder, as does the preferred method of carry. beyond that, consider what type of locking mechanism or blade accessing system works best for you. there are a variety of types available, so take some time to review several especially if you are new to knives. ideally it is best if you can open and close the knife with a single hand and if it can be done ambidextrous that's even better. lastly, look at the quality of the knife. is it something that will hold up to your expectations? do the blade and the handle work together as one, without excessive "play" in the open position? does the locking mechanism, lock the blade reliably? what is the knife made of; will it hold up to years of dependable use? in short, these are things to consider when you are trying to figure out what knife will do best for you. find a knowledgeable dealer or person who can give you some personal experiences on what works for them as well as show the various knives available. q. how do i sharpen my knife? a. it's inevitable. use your knife enough and it eventually gets to the point of needing some sharpening which is why it's a good idea to make a habit of touching up the edge to keep it sharp. it is much easier to maintain a sharp edge rather than to have to rebuild or re-edge a blade, which has become too dull. now that having been said, you have several options available for sharpening. first off, there are numerous sharpening products on the market today. each is probably more than capable of putting an edge on a knife given the proper use of the product. so if you choose a do-it-yourself method, choose one that you are most confident with using. the key here is to maintain the edge angles on the blade edge. a second option may be the dealer from which you purchased the knife. chances are they either offer a sharpening service to their customers or they know of a reputable service in the area. another option is to use our lifesharp™ service. this is a great way to not only get your knife sharpened, but also to have our technicians "tune-up" your knife by cleaning, oiling and refreshing it to optimum form. check it out. if none of these seem to appeal to your needs, you can log into the benchmade forum and post the question to other benchmade users. this is a great resource for direct information from people who use the products everyday. q. my knife is getting rusty spots. how do i fix them? a. unfortunately some people are misleading by the term "stainless steel". even though 154cm is classified as stainless steel, it is still susceptible to corrosion if you are not practicing proper knife care. even the bk1™ coated blades will rust along the sharpened edge if not cared for. to aid in the cleaning of rust on the blades we use a fine grade, semi-chrome polishing compound. follow the instructions on the product and it should work just fine. beyond that you should apply a corrosion inhibitor to the blade to prevent future corrosion from occurring. a product such as tuf-cloth™ or militec-1® can be used to wipe down the blade for corrosion protection. q. i can't find torx drivers to use to remove my carry-clip or adjust my knife. who has them? a. we do, or your benchmade dealer does. we offer the bluebox® , which is a self-contained driver and 6 lobe bit set in a compact box set. it contains all the bit sizes to match the various screw sizes used on our knives (most common are sizes 6, 8, and 10). otherwise, you can go to a nearby sears™ store (micro tools section), or a tool supply house and you're sure to find what you need. quality hardware or home improvement stores should stock them as well but in most cases the bits don't run small enough. q. how many of each of the discontinued models were made, when were they made and what is the collectable price now as compared to the price of the knife at the time it was produced? a. at this time, please contact us. please note: we cannot give collectible values or related information because benchmade doesn't determine this. this is more set by the demand in the "knife user world" and this changes all the time. q. why do i see "displaying: 0-0 of 0 results" when i do a search? a. if you have trouble finding a product that you feel is listed on the website, then you can try typing part of the name (ex., "bal" for bali-song). another search alternative is to use the choice "all" and click the "search" button to list all product. feel free to find the product you are looking for under the categories at the "products" menu. new product and information will be posted as it becomes available. when using the knife wizard you may get this result if there are no products currently listed on this website with the criteria you selected. q. how can i request a donation to a charitable organization from benchmade knife company? a. benchmade knife company is proud to contribute to worthy causes and organizations. please use the following guidelines when submitting a request: requests must be submitted on event/organization letterhead requests must be received at least four weeks prior to the event or any media deadlines please include a contact name, address, fax number and e-mail address other information to include: a description of the event or program the event or organization's objectives and purpose other partners participating in the event or program, if any the estimated attendance and demographics of the audience explain how the donation will be recognized at the event appropriate documentation stating your organization is categorized as 501c3 under the internal revenue service code benchmade will try to accommodate as many requests as possible. thank you for your patience. please mail/fax/email the charitable request to: benchmade knife company attn: charitable contributions 300 beavercreek road oregon city, or 97045 fax: 503-655-7922 pr@benchmade.com can't find an answer to your question? feel free to contact us! customer service dealers company follow benchmade contact us register your knife faq's policies dealer locater dealer register careers testimonials community support press & media donations & sponsorship sign up for benchmade announcements: copyright © benchmade knife company. all rights reserved privacy policy | site map