来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151229174111/http://www.benchmade.com/policies
================================================================================

policies page javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. contact us find a dealer login cart 0 recently added item(s) × you have no items in your shopping cart. shop by series: new blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by model name: griptilian barrage infidel presidio axis stryker 940 emissary learn why benchmade? factory tour benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking shop by series: new blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by model name: griptilian barrage infidel presidio axis stryker 940 emissary learn why benchmade? factory tour benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking menu shop by series: new blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by model name: griptilian barrage infidel presidio axis stryker 940 emissary learn why benchmade? factory tour benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking shop by series: new blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by model name: griptilian barrage infidel presidio axis stryker 940 emissary learn why benchmade? factory tour benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking search account contact us find a dealer login 0 cart policies benchmade's policies, terms & conditions of sale and use. terms of use benchmade knife company, inc. makes available the information on this site for public viewing; we retain copyright on all text, graphics, photo images and benchmade forum entries. it is unlawful to distribute the text or images to others or duplicate this information in any way without current, prior express written permission of benchmade knife company, inc. the name benchmade may not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to the distribution of this documentation without current, prior express written permission of benchmade knife company, inc. the information obtained from benchmade's web site may be printed on a computer printer for personal use, stored as files on a computer for personal use, or referenced from your own documents provided that the copyright notice appears on every copy of the publication or any portion thereof. benchmade knife company, inc. reserves all other rights. copyrights & trademarks the contents of this site including text, graphics, photo images and links are provided as a service to its customers. benchmade knife company, inc. does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links and other items contained on this site or any other site. benchmade knife company, inc. makes no representation about the suitability of this documentation for any purpose and assumes no liability in connection with the use of this information. it is provided as is without express or implied warranty. all trademarks and copyrights are the property of benchmade knife company, inc. notice, one or more patents may apply. counterfeit warning unfortunately, there are some counterfeit and replica benchmade products available on the market and sold through unauthorized dealers. benchmade works with customs authorities, law enforcement and legal representatives in an effort to prevent the sale of counterfeit benchmade products through both online and offline retailers. these counterfeit products are often made from sub-standard materials which do not meet the rigorous quality control standards of benchmade, and are not covered by benchmade’s lifetime warranty. to avoid the risk of purchasing counterfeit products, it is best to buy directly from authorized benchmade dealers, or through the www.benchmade.com website. to locate an authorized benchmade dealer, visit our dealer locator page. to report counterfeits, please contact us immediately. purchasing policy by purchasing from benchmade knife company, the buyer assumes the full and complete responsibility of having ascertained, and complied with all applicable local, state, federal and international laws with regard to the possession and use of any item purchased from benchmade knife company, inc. review your local municipal and state laws before ordering if you are in doubt. absolutely no sales to minors. the buyer represents that products ordered would be used in a lawful manner and that he/she is of legal age. benchmade knife company, inc. will not be held liable for the misuse of any product, please review benchmade warranty information for complete coverage terms. knife laws benchmade complies with all applicable federal laws regarding the interstate shipment of our knives. it is not possible for us to stay on top of the local state, city, and county laws in the u.s. it is important for a knife owner to contact their local authorities to inquire about "ownership" and "carry" laws in their local jurisdiction. privacy information benchmade knife company, inc. collects information volunteered through the registration system, polls, surveys, and other for company purposes only and respects consumer privacy. benchmade will not sell or share information outside the company and will gather the information for marketing feedback and to help better benchmade knife company, inc. only. data entered and stored is sent to our server using secure technology. this website uses "cookies" to temporarily store information such as to aid remember your login until you sign-out, or for google analytic tracking, which does not store personal information. authentic products buying your benchmade knife from an authorized dealer will ensure you get the full value for your investment. authorized benchmade dealers can guarantee your knife is original. visit our dealer locator page. please be aware that although we intend to only display images of products as you would receive them, not all images may reflect exactly how they are in current design form due to upgrades and changes to products and possible delays in updating website images. internet auction websites benchmade knife co., inc. frequently monitors auction websites on the internet and reserves the right to report questionable or infringing auctions. if you are an authorized benchmade dealer, please be sure to put your dealer name and customer number used with us, in your auction item's description when selling benchmade products, and we will do our best to contact you directly first rather than report your auction. unsolicited designs we appreciate your interest in benchmade knife company, inc. and its products. unfortunately, it is benchmade's policy for legal reasons not to consider or accept unsolicited ideas or suggestions from outside benchmade. please do not send us any ideas, suggestions, drawings, images, or other submissions for our consideration. this is for the protection of you as well as benchmade. if you do make a submission, benchmade incurs no liability to you as a result of any similarity between benchmade's products and your submission. promo discount codes discount codes given for use at benchmade.com are non-transferrable and not for resale. customer service 1-800-800-7427 contact us lifesharp/warranty register your knife company press room careers dealer locator download catalog want to be a dealer? about history about us our industry our people factory tour benchmade fans benchmade forum newsletter sign-up submit policies site map other social login facebook sign in google sign in twitter sign in instagram sign in questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software