来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151229174111/http://www.benchmade.com/warranty-service
================================================================================

warranty service javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. contact us find a dealer login cart 0 recently added item(s) × you have no items in your shopping cart. shop by series: new gold class blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by model name: 940 710 infidel north fork griptilian barrage adamas learn why benchmade? factory tour benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking shop by series: new gold class blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by model name: 940 710 infidel north fork griptilian barrage adamas learn why benchmade? factory tour benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking menu shop by series: new gold class blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by model name: 940 710 infidel north fork griptilian barrage adamas learn why benchmade? factory tour benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking shop by series: new gold class blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by model name: 940 710 infidel north fork griptilian barrage adamas learn why benchmade? factory tour benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking search account contact us find a dealer login 0 cart lifetime lifesharp services with every purchase warranty service each new benchmade knife is packaged with written documentation of the benchmade lifetime warranty. benchmade knife company, inc. warrants to the original owner that benchmade knives purchased from authorized dealers will be free from defects in materials and workmanship. benchmade will without charge, repair or replace at our (benchmade's) option, any knife returned for warranty work and found to be defective by benchmade. the benchmade lifetime warranty only applies to genuine benchmade products from authorized benchmade dealers. knives purchased on the internet through discount websites, mail order outlets, or through any other unauthorized source, and knives which are determined by benchmade to be counterfeit (see counterfeit goods notice below), are not entitled to our warranty coverage. lifesharp service there's never a dull moment with a benchmade... that's right! we will gladly re-sharpen your benchmade knife to a factory razor sharp edge (service does not apply to any serrated portion of the blade). if you prefer us to sharpen your blade, or if you may have neglected to maintain your edge for a while, simply ship your knife to us. we'll not only sharpen it, but we will also inspect the knife for any warranted repairs and "tune" the knife for optimum performance. mail benchmade knife and service form(s) to: simply ship the knife to the benchmade address, postage paid and insured along with the required service forms below. benchmade is not responsible for any product(s) lost in transit, to or from, the benchmade facility. attn: product services 300 beavercreek rd oregon city, or 97045 benchmade no longer requires $5 for return shipping. questions can be directed to 800.800.7427 or, please use the online contact form. if you are in need of warranty and/or lifesharp service, please print and send with your benchmade knife(s): warranty/lifesharp service form if your benchmade knife is an automatic knife, please also include: ako acknowledgment form automatic knife notice note: any automatic knife (button activated spring-opening) returned for warranty or lifesharp service from outside of oregon must also include either a signed copy of the "auto knife opening acknowledgment form", your web account username if you have already accepted the ako acknowledgment, or be returned through an authorized benchmade dealer. no exceptions will be made. counterfeit goods notice (a) if a knife returned for warranty work is found to be an actual or suspected counterfeit or replica item, benchmade shall have the right to impound the knife for further investigation of its authenticity. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for payment of the price of any suspected counterfeit knife under investigation. if benchmade, in its sole discretion, determines that the knife you returned for repairs is a counterfeit, benchmade has the right to permanently impound and/or destroy the knife. knives determined to be counterfeit will not be returned to you. (b) benchmade shall have the right to conduct destructive examinations to verify the authenticity of any knife benchmade receives which it suspects to be counterfeit. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for the price of any knife destroyed by examination if it is later found to be a counterfeit. (c) benchmade's investigation may include the participation of third parties or governmental investigative agencies as required by law. by sending in your knife for repair, you agree to cooperate in good faith with any investigation conducted by benchmade, third parties, and/or governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, cooperating with investigations to identify the seller or source of the counterfeit goods by providing the name, location, and other identifying information about the seller. what is covered this warranty covers replacement parts for genuine benchmade products due to manufacturing defects. what is not covered this warranty does not cover normal wear, damage caused by neglect, misuse or the failure to perform normal or necessary maintenance, disassembly of any knife by any person other than benchmade’s warranty department, or shipping costs for returned knives. do not use your new knife as a screwdriver, pry bar, chisel or punch. do not throw your knife or use it for any purpose other than cutting. do not disassemble your knife. do not sharpen your knife on a power grinding wheel. any of these acts will void your warranty. minimum charge to reassemble a knife when the warranty has been voided is $20 plus parts. repair or replacement as provided under this warranty is the exclusive remedy of the consumer. benchmade shall not be liable for any incidental, reliance, or consequential damages or breach of implied warranty on this product, including any damage to person or property. benchmade’s liability under any circumstances is limited to the purchase price. some states do not allow exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. this knife has only one use, as a cutting tool. benchmade’s knives carry no warranty except as expressly contained herein. benchmade disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose other than for use as a cutting tool. there are no warranties which extend beyond the description contained herein. please review the warranty information and proper knife care instructions provided with each knife. carry-clip requests if for some reason, your carry-clip gets lost or damaged, and you need a new one, contact us for clip requests. please include your name, ship-to address, and the knife model(s) so that we can better assist you. personalized laser marking put your name on it. make it yours. commemorate an event or outfit the club. whatever the circumstance, now you can have your logo or artwork laser etched onto any of the benchmade knives. depending on the particular model, the mark can be placed either on the blades, or in some models, on the handles. if you are interested in this special service, simply call a benchmade customer service representative at 800.800.7427. basic set-up charges and quantity restrictions do apply. knife care benchmade knives are high-performance cutting tools made from some of the finest materials in the world. even though we use these select materials it is still important to use proper care and maintenance to ensure optimum performance levels. always keep your knife blade sharp. a dull knife requires additional force to use and is potentially more dangerous to use than a sharp one. there are a variety of products available when it comes to sharpening your knife. as for which one is best, it pretty much comes down to choosing the one you're most comfortable with using. never sharpen your knife on a power-grinding wheel as this can burn the temper out of the blade and weaken its integrity. benchmade also offers a lifesharp service to its customers, which is a nice convenience. always keep the locking areas of your knife clean- accumulation of dirt or debris could adversely affect the locking mechanism creating a potential safety hazard. to clean these areas we recommend using compressed air to blow out any lose dirt and debris. then, clean the area with bluelube cleanser and finish with the bluelube lubricant. most of our blade steels have a very high carbon content which enables them to hold a superior cutting edge. unfortunately, carbon is also the element that causes rust so, preventive care is required if the knife is used in humid or marine environments. to aid in the cleaning of rust on the blades, we recommend using a fine grade, semi-chrome polish. a product such as marine tuf-cloth™ works well to not only wipe down the blade for cleaning but, also adds an invisible coating for added corrosion protection without leaving any oily film which may attract dirt and debris. lightly lubricate the pivot of the blade periodically to keep it operating smoothly. never attempt to use your knife as a screwdriver, pry-bar, chisel, or punch. never throw your knife. it was not designed for those purposes. use for any purpose other than cutting is considered abuse and is not covered under the benchmade warranty. do not disassemble your benchmade knife. disassembly by anyone other than the benchmade knife company, inc. warranty/repair department will void the warranty! minimum charge to reassemble your knife is $20.00 plus parts. most of all please enjoy your new knife and always remember to use it in a safe, responsible manner. thank you for choosing benchmade. "i emailed about a month or so ago asking about what it would take to purchase a pocket clip and i received it in the mail today i really expected to get a reply with ordering info i must say i am very impressed with such great service. thank you. -tracy m." customer service 1-800-800-7427 contact us lifesharp/warranty register your knife company press room careers dealer locator download catalog want to be a dealer? about history about us our industry our people factory tour benchmade fans benchmade forum newsletter sign-up submit policies site map other social login facebook sign in google sign in twitter sign in instagram sign in questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software