来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161227155640/http://www.benchmade.com/adamas-family.html
================================================================================

benchmade adamas family javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. contact us find a dealer login cart 0 recently added item(s) × you have no items in your shopping cart. shop best sellers: 940 afo ii infidel hidden canyon hunter griptilian barrage adamas by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by series: new gold class blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all learn why benchmade? factory tour the benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking shop best sellers: 940 afo ii infidel hidden canyon hunter griptilian barrage adamas by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by series: new gold class blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all learn why benchmade? factory tour the benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking menu shop best sellers: 940 afo ii infidel hidden canyon hunter griptilian barrage adamas by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by series: new gold class blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all learn why benchmade? factory tour the benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking shop best sellers: 940 afo ii infidel hidden canyon hunter griptilian barrage adamas by profession or use: rescue tactical every day carry survival outdoor hunting by product type: bali-song® automatic fixed blade assist manual rescue hooks tactical pens accessories gear by series: new gold class blue class black class hunt. series hk knives custom knife builder shop all learn why benchmade? factory tour the benchmade edge the people of benchmade designer profiles explore products: blue class black class gold class hunt. series hk knives connect whats new video library service & support warranty service product registration frequently asked questions shipping and returns custom lasermarking search account contact us find a dealer login 0 cart adamas® family configure your product please note: not all options are compatible. blade edge blade edge choose an option... x plain x serrated handle material handle material choose an option... x black g10 x sand g10 *opening action choose an option... front of blade text line 1 +$5.00 front of blade text line 2 front of blade font -- please select --arial alfa slab one nixie one lato codystar smokum lobster rokkitt l. bskrvll graduate six caps y.kffstz special elite lobster two unifrakturmaguntia oswald front of blade font size none10px 12px 14px 16px 18px front of blade font style nonenormal bold italic bold italic front of blade text alignment noneleft center right front of blade custom image +$25.00 front of blade gallery image +$25.00 front of blade pattern image +$25.00 back of blade text line 1 +$5.00 back of blade text line 2 back of blade font -- please select --arial alfa slab one nixie one lato codystar smokum lobster rokkitt l. bskrvll graduate six caps y.kffstz special elite lobster two unifrakturmaguntia oswald back of blade font size none10px 12px 14px 16px 18px back of blade font style nonenormal bold italic bold italic back of blade text alignment noneleft center right back of blade custom image +$25.00 back of blade gallery image +$25.00 back of blade pattern image +$25.00 custom knife customknifeid remote image remote sku add custom lasermarking we can personalize your knife with laser engraving. learn more $5.00 - $25.00 per option * required fields available this is the time needed to assemble your benchmade knife. additional time may be required around holidays due to high demand. ships in 7 business days. - details $210.00 quantity: $210.00 buy now loading... to buy this product you should create account and sign akoa form find a dealer add to wishlist 13 review(s) | add your review available this is the time needed to assemble your benchmade knife. additional time may be required around holidays due to high demand. ships in 7 business days. - details $210.00 facebook twitter share your favorites facebook twitter sign up to get notified when this product is back in stock notify me add custom lasermarking add custom lasermarking adamas® family to personalize your knife, select from the options below. skip personalizations front of blade add text and image or just a pattern text & image text & image cannot be combined with a blade pattern text +$5.00 enter text 35 characters max per line front of blade text line 1 +$5.00 front of blade text line 2 front of blade font select a fontarial alfa slab one nixie one lato codystar smokum lobster rokkitt l. bskrvll graduate six caps y.kffstz special elite lobster two unifrakturmaguntia oswald choose a font size none10px 12px 14px 16px 18px choose a font style nonenormal bold italic bold italic choose text alignment noneleft center right clear text selections image +$25.00 select an image front of blade gallery image +$25.00 front of blade gallery image select category air force animals army federal agencies forest-parks-land holidays law enforcement logos marines medical and fire military national guard navy skulls special forces sports-outdoors transportation tribal-celtic art units us coast guard remove selected image upload image +$25.00 upload your own image * only .jpg, .jpeg, .png files accepted. black and white .png files with transparent backgrounds preferred. front of blade custom image +$25.00 front of blade custom image upload an image remove uploaded image add selections selections added pattern pattern +$25.00 select a pattern front of blade pattern image +$25.00 front of blade pattern image select category pattern lasermark remove selected image add selections selections added back of blade add text and image or just a pattern text & image text & image cannot be combined with a blade pattern text +$5.00 enter text 35 characters max per line back of blade text line 1 +$5.00 back of blade text line 2 back of blade font select a fontarial alfa slab one nixie one lato codystar smokum lobster rokkitt l. bskrvll graduate six caps y.kffstz special elite lobster two unifrakturmaguntia oswald choose a font size none10px 12px 14px 16px 18px choose a font style nonenormal bold italic bold italic choose text alignment noneleft center right clear text selections image +$25.00 select an image back of blade gallery image +$25.00 back of blade gallery image select category air force animals army federal agencies forest-parks-land holidays law enforcement logos marines medical and fire military national guard navy skulls special forces sports-outdoors transportation tribal-celtic art units us coast guard remove selected image upload image +$25.00 upload your own image * only .jpg, .jpeg, .png files accepted. black and white .png files with transparent backgrounds preferred. back of blade custom image +$25.00 back of blade custom image upload an image remove uploaded image add selections selections added pattern pattern +$25.00 select a pattern back of blade pattern image +$25.00 back of blade pattern image select category pattern lasermark remove selected image add selections selections added your personalizations no personalizations added yet front of blade text remove +$5.00 font: font style: font size: text alignment: image remove +$25.00 back of blade text remove +$5.00 font: font style: font size: text alignment: image remove +$25.00 total: skip personalizations skip personalizations × override? you cannot combine an image or text with a blade pattern. by selecting 'override', the pattern or image/text you've previously selected will be replaced with the options chosen here no override about the product about the product the adamas folding knives come in both manual and automatic and have proven to be the strongest axis® knives ever made. a thick blade, liners and g10 handle scales afford the knife much of it's strength. in addition, a portion of the proceeds from these knives are donated to three rangers and to the navy seal foundation; both organizations benefiting the members and families of special operations. molle® compatible. designer: shane sibertaction: manual-openingblade steel: d2 (60-62 hrc)blade length: 3.82" (9.70cm)blade thickness: 0.160" (4.06mm)open length: 8.70" (22.10cm)closed length: 4.88" (12.40cm)handle thickness: 0.73" (18.54mm)sheath weight: 1.50oz. (42.52g)manual-openingweight: 7.68oz. (217.72g)mechanism: axis®automatic-openingweight: 7.54oz. (213.76g)mechanism: auto axis® features additional information blade finish/color coated blade style/shape drop-point clip type deep-carry, malice clip (molle compatible) clip position reversible tip-up glass breaker no lanyard hole yes molle compatible yes sheath type cordura use tactical write your own review only registered users can write reviews. please, log in or register a review from: rick price value quality weight and shape feel good in your hands, opening mechanism is smooth as butter. blade holds an edge like nothing else and i have not met something that it does not cut through with ease yet. this was my first benchmade, it will never get anything less than a 10/10 and i will always recommend it. a review from: jeff value quality price this is my second benchmade but by far the nicest folder i've ever owned. i got the plain edge manual lock. this thing is just a beast! lockup is solid, function is smooth as glass and it holds very comfortably in the hand. i bought this knife to serve and edc function, and despite it weighing in at half a pound it carries comfortably. i also carry a glock 30, so maybe i'm just not bothered by a little extra size and weight. either way any clothing with a belt holds the knife comfortably. i especially like the amount and placement of the gimping on the handle. no matter what position you hold it in, you will have a solid grasp on it. my only thing i doubt is the ability of the g10 scales to hold up to impact. i've had g10 scales crack off when dropped on concrete. but bottom line, i would be very confident using this knife for anything from self defense to breaking out car window to cutting anything short of the side of a vehicle open. a review from: shaun price value quality this knife is a high quality tool. you can tell this is built by people who love their job. knife is very sharp and heavy duty. the auto opening is fast and very powerful it's gonna open when you need it most. i have had a gerber auto open that i have trusted my life to and carried every day in and out of uniform. my gerber now feels like a cheap toy compared to the benchmade. has great grip so no worries about slipping out of my hands.one happy paratrooper here keep up the great work. a review from: bdog value quality price i just bought this knife but i can already tell it is the best folder i own! i have two benchmades but the adamas is fantastic. the operation and lock are superior. it fits in my pocket nicely and i can deploy the blade in a second for an everyday personal carry knife. you can tell how well it's designed by the pocket clip to the opening pin. the lock release is so smooth,and overall it has some weight and feels great in my hand. it slices paracord or anything else like butter. if i could only have one folder in a survival scenario this would be it. can wait to use this knife in the winter on my snowmobile and camping adventures in the backcountry here in the sierra's! i feel like this is a survival tool i'll have with me for many years to come. a plus for overall blade, sharpness, and handle design! a review from: ken price value quality i've been using benchmade knives since i was in the military 20 years ago. this is my 4th knife from your company. while i like all of the knives i've purchased (griptilian, socp dagger, salt water dive, etc) this is without a doubt my favorite. it's big and heavy and somewhat clumsy in appearance however when i hold it, it fits perfectly and comfortably in my hand. the extra weight helps to cut without effort, and the mechanism is so sturdy that when the knife is open it feels like a fixed blade. great job benchmade, i will be buying the adamas fixed blade simply because i'm so impressed with this folder. a review from: greg price value quality this knife has been with me everyday for the past 5 years. there hasn't been anything it hasn't been able to handle and i have sharpened it once. yes its big and its heavy but so what. you want some heft when you have a larger blade to work with. the lock-up is rock solid and theres zero play in the knife. ive dropped it on concrete and it barely has a scratch. my adamas is going back to bench made for a resharpen within the next month. i figure 5 years is long enough without needing sharpened. ill miss it badly while its gone. a review from: james value quality price i bought the adamas for a daily carry and normal use. i absolutely love it. while it does have some weight to it (i happen to like it) and its a bigger knife (also a plus) it sits in pocket very nicely. i loved it so much i bought one for a friend as well. i would absolutely recommend to anyone who wants a beefy knife. the adamas is not for everyone. a review from: zach quality price value i'm really impressed with this knife. i carried an older automatic 2551 for years and loved it. by the time i was ready for an upgrade,and after much research and watching videos stress testing and reviewing, i chose the automatic adamas, and absolutely love it, more than the previous one i carried. it seemed a little on the hefty side when i first got it but before the end of the first day it felt perfect in my pocket, fits well in my hand and the action of the blade opening actually has some force and authority to it. the blade came very sharp and with a little work was easily made much sharper.. i'm very pleased with this purchase and would highly recommend it for anyone looking for a sturdy and strong edc knife. my only gripe is blade finish, i would have preferred the option of a satin finish but the black finish still looks good a review from: richard quality price value i bought my adamas for a deployment i went on in 2013 to afghanistan. i used it just about everyday for something. it has been a great knife since and i would definitely buy it again. its size would be my only complaint but i got use to it very quickly. it is a little bit of a hoss. a review from: justin value quality price i bought this knife looking for a hard use knife to have and one i could carry everyday if i wanted. i found that found that in this knife for sure. heavy duty yet very comfortable for everyday carry. cuts through anything i throw at it and relatively easy to sharpen. this knife if amazingly tough. i have had my first one for almost a year now and there is still no play in it anywhere. blade action is still as smooth as the day i bought it. benchmade hit a home run with this one. i liked it so much i bought another 275 and i bought the fixed blade version 375. i would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a rock solid knife that's gonna last a lifetime. great job benchmade. a review from: kent price value quality all i have to say is beast. love it and the best knife i have ever had. want a knife that last a long time. buy it a review from: james price value quality i've been looking for a knife that would be good to carry everyday. after researching different knives for nearly a month i found this knife. i went to the extreme of watching torture tests, comparing the weight and taking blade length measurements of knives i already own. i was a little concerned about the weight and size of the knife, but after carrying it my concerns disappeared. this knife is reasonably flat for its size and it wears so comfortably i occasionally check my pocket to make sure i haven't left it laying somewhere at work. the knife is extremely sharp straight out of the box. i nearly gave myself razor burn while shaving hairs off my arm. the locking mechanism is very smooth and sturdy. the blade has not met anything that it will not cut yet. recently i cut through 8 layers of 1,800 pound nylon strapping. it went through most of the stack with a single pass. i'm confident this knife will last a very long time. if you buy it, you will not be disappointed. a review from: ernest price value quality the adamas brings an unparalleled essence to the knife community, derived from the meaning, hardest surface found in nature. the adamas takes an apocalyptical beating and still returns to the former sharpness of a factory edge. time and time again i open this knife and the lock up of a custom made knife is found on a factory blade. benchmade has built a knife that represents the name of a hand made knife, quality and control is their motto. well done benchmade, i found my unicorn knife! add your own review read more reviews view more reviews write a review category video customer service 1-800-800-7427 contact us lifesharp/warranty register your knife catalog request company press room careers dealer locator download catalog want to be a dealer? about history about us our industry our people factory tour benchmade fans benchmade forum newsletter sign-up submit policies site map other social login facebook sign in google sign in twitter sign in instagram sign in questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software