来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211222163531/https://www.benchmade.com/warranty-service
================================================================================

knife lifetime warranty, blade replacement & repair | benchmade knife company javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. looking for your perfect knife? check out our knife finder tool! skip to content my cart account change login register find a dealer toggle nav searchsearch advanced search search toggle nav shopview all productsby useevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allby typegold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allgold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allaccessoriesmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelhatsknife accessoriestactical pensview allmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelhatsknife accessoriestactical pensview allby useevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allby typegold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allgold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allaccessoriesmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelhatsknife accessoriestactical pensview allmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelhatsknife accessoriestactical pensview all best sellers 535bk-4 bugout® 535gry-1 bugout 15085-2 mini crooked river 15500 meatcrafter™ 940 osborne 15002 saddle mountain skinner view all productscustomizeexplore custom select a knife griptilian® family mini griptilian® family crooked river family mini crooked river family barrage® family mini barrage® family bugout family table knife set single table knife meatcrafter 3 piece set station knife explore customcutleryview all cutleryshop cutlery single table knife table knife set meatcrafter 3 piece set station knife view all cutlery knife finder account home warranty service limited warranty benchmade knife company, inc. (“benchmade”) warrants to the original purchaser that their genuine benchmade knife purchased from benchmade or one of its authorized sellers will be free from defects in materials and workmanship from the date of purchase for as long as said purchaser owns the knife that was purchased. this warranty applies only to knives that were purchased from benchmade or an authorized benchmade seller with proof of purchase unless otherwise prohibited by law. benchmade knives are legitimately sold only by authorized sellers who are required to follow benchmade’s policies, procedures, and quality control standards. benchmade reserves the right to reject warranty claims from purchasers for knives purchased from unauthorized sellers, including unauthorized internet sites. benchmade will repair or replace a defective knife that is covered by this warranty at benchmade’s option. what is not covered? this warranty does not cover defects due to normal wear and tear, re-sharpening of the blade, damage due to neglect, misuse, lack of normal or necessary maintenance, alteration or disassembly of the knife by any third party, or negligence. do not use your knife as a screwdriver, pry bar, chisel or punch. do not throw your knife or use it for any purpose other than cutting. do not disassemble your knife. do not sharpen your knife on a power grinding wheel. any of these acts will void this warranty. minimum charge to reassemble a knife when this warranty has been voided is $20 plus parts. blade replacements outside of warranty may also be purchased. a benchmade knife has only one use, as a cutting tool. benchmade knives carry no warranty except as expressly contained herein. benchmade disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose other than for use as a cutting tool. any implied warranties that may be applicable to benchmade products, including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are limited in duration to the duration of this warranty. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. under no circumstances shall benchmade be liable for any special, incidental, or consequential damages based upon breach of this warranty, breach of contract or strict liability. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. please review the warranty information and proper knife care instructions provided with each knife. warranty exclusions knives purchased on the internet through unauthorized websites, mail order outlets, or through any other unauthorized source, and knives which are determined by benchmade to be counterfeit (see counterfeit goods notice below), are excluded from coverage under this warranty. any benchmade knife that is modified from its original factory condition will void the warranty. benchmade is not responsible for parts or treatments added to or removed from the knife or for knives that are otherwise modified in any way, as these may cause the knife to function differently (and potentially less safely) than originally designed and intended. how to submit a warranty claim customers who wish to make a warranty claim based upon a product defect should ship the knife in secure packaging to benchmade at the address provided below, postage prepaid and insured freight (optional), together with the required warranty service form available below. benchmade is not responsible for any product(s) lost in transit, to or from, the benchmade facility. attn: product services 300 beavercreek rd oregon city, or 97045 questions can be directed to 833.557.2526 or, please use the online contact form. if you are in need of warranty service, please print the following forms and send with your benchmade knife(s): warranty service form counterfeit goods agreement if you would like to personalize your knife with custom lasermarking, please print and send this form with your benchmade knife(s): custom lasermarking form automatic knife notice note: any automatic knife (button activated spring-opening) returned for warranty service from outside of oregon must also include either a signed copy of the "auto knife opening acknowledgment form", your web account username if you have already accepted the ako acknowledgment. otherwise, the knife must be returned through the authorized benchmade seller, from which the knife was originally purchased. no exceptions will be made. automatic knives will be returned in compliance with federal statutes. counterfeit goods notice (a) if a knife returned for warranty work is found to be an actual or suspected counterfeit or replica item, benchmade shall have the right to impound the knife for further investigation of its authenticity. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for payment of the price of any suspected counterfeit knife under investigation. if benchmade, in its sole discretion, determines that the knife you returned for repairs is a counterfeit, benchmade has the right to permanently impound and/or destroy the knife. knives determined to be counterfeit will not be returned to you. please sign the counterfeit foods acknowledgement form to confirm that you have read, understood, and agree to the terms relating to counterfeit goods. (b) benchmade shall have the right to conduct destructive examinations to verify the authenticity of any knife benchmade receives which it suspects to be counterfeit. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for the price of any knife destroyed during such examination if it is later found to be a counterfeit. (c) benchmade's investigation may include the participation of third parties or governmental investigative agencies as required by law. by sending in your knife for repair, you agree to cooperate in good faith with any investigation conducted by benchmade, third parties, and/or governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, cooperating with investigations to identify the seller or source of the counterfeit good(s) by providing the name, location, and other identifying information about the seller. limited warranty benchmade knife company, inc. (“benchmade”) warrants to the original purchaser that their genuine benchmade knife purchased from benchmade or one of its authorized sellers will be free from defects in materials and workmanship from the date of purchase for as long as said purchaser owns the knife that was purchased. this warranty applies only to knives that were purchased from benchmade or an authorized benchmade seller with proof of purchase unless otherwise prohibited by law. benchmade knives are legitimately sold only by authorized sellers who are required to follow benchmade’s policies, procedures, and quality control standards. benchmade reserves the right to reject warranty claims from purchasers for knives purchased from unauthorized sellers, including unauthorized internet sites. benchmade will repair or replace a defective knife that is covered by this warranty at benchmade’s option.how to submit a warranty claimwhat is not coveredadditional service optionscounterfeit goods noticeautomatic knife noticecutlery use & caremore...customers who wish to make a warranty claim based upon a product defect should ship the knife in secure packaging to benchmade at the address provided below, postage prepaid and insured freight (optional), together with the required warranty service form available below. benchmade is not responsible for any product(s) lost in transit, to or from, the benchmade facility. please do not include any sentimental packaging, such as the original box, as it may be discarded during the repair process. attn: product services300 beavercreek rdoregon city, or 97045 questions can be directed to 833.557.2526 or, please use the online contact form.if you are in need of warranty service, please print the following forms and send with your benchmade knife(s):warranty service formcounterfeit goods agreementif you would like to personalize your knife with custom lasermarking, please print and send this form with your benchmade knife(s):custom lasermarking formcustomers who wish to make a warranty claim based upon a product defect have the following options. preferred method: 1. if you already have a benchmade user account and are signed in, please click the following link to be directed to the warranty service order: warranty service form. if you do not have a benchmade user account, create one here, and then fill out the warranty service order form: warranty service form. other option: 2. if you do not wish to create an account, please print the following forms to send with your benchmade knife(s): warranty service form pdf counterfeit goods agreement form pdf automatic opening knife agreement pdf - please see the "automatic knife notice" tab for details. to ensure the fastest processing speed, please use the preferred method (#1 above). knives submitted with the handwritten forms may be subject to delays. lasermarking: 3. if you would like to personalize your knife with custom lasermarking, please include this request with the warranty service order form or print and send this                   form with your benchmade knife(s): custom lasermarking form please ship the knife in secure packaging to benchmade at the address provided below, postage, and insured freight (optional), together with the required order confirmation or the warranty service form. please do not include any sentimental packaging, such as the original box, as it may be discarded during the repair process. attn: product services300 beavercreek rdoregon city, or 97045 questions can be directed to 833.557.2526 or, please use the online contact form.a benchmade knife has only one use, as a cutting tool. benchmade knives carry no warranty except as expressly contained herein. benchmade disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose other than for use as a cutting tool. any implied warranties that may be applicable to benchmade products, including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are limited in duration to the duration of this warranty. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. under no circumstances shall benchmade be liable for any special, incidental, or consequential damages based upon breach of this warranty, breach of contract or strict liability. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. please review the warranty information and proper knife care instructions provided with each knife. this warranty does not cover defects due to: normal wear and tear re-sharpening of the blade damage due to neglect or misuse lack of normal or necessary maintenance alteration or disassembly of the knife by any third party or negligence do not use your knife as a screwdriver, pry bar, chisel or punch. do not throw your knife or use it for any purpose other than cutting. do not disassemble your knife. do not sharpen your knife on a power grinding wheel. any of these acts will void this warranty. minimum charge to reassemble a knife is $20 plus parts. knives purchased on the internet through unauthorized websites, mail order outlets, or through any other unauthorized source, and knives which are determined by benchmade to be counterfeit (see counterfeit goods notice), are excluded from coverage under this warranty. any benchmade knife that is modified from its original factory condition will void the warranty. benchmade is not responsible for parts or treatments added to or removed from the knife or for knives that are otherwise modified in any way, as these may cause the knife to function differently (and potentially less safely) than originally designed and intended.customization benchmade products originally purchased through our custom knife builder are eligible for a blade, handle, or hardware replacements limited to the alternate materials, blade shapes, and colors available for that particular model in our custom catalog. please see our pricing guide for all available options and prices. pending material availability, standard production knives are eligible for a blade, handle, and hardware replacements upon request. however, these requests cannot result in a custom, limited, or exclusive knife configuration. if the desired changes result in a knife that is or was available for purchase without violating custom, limited, or exclusive configurations, we will happily accommodate the request. blade replacements blade replacements are executable while supplies last. please contact our customer service team for current information regarding the availability and pricing of specific blade options. upon request, we will return the original blade with the purchase of a replacement. if a blade is replaced free of charge under warranty, the original blade will not be returned. pending availability, we will replace and remark limited edition blades upon request. in the event that a limited edition blade is replaced, the original will not be returned. first production blades can be replaced and returned, but the knife will no longer bear any first production designation on the new blade. modifications the goal of our benchmade warranty service team is to service knives in alignment with original factory standards. we are unable to accommodate any request that causes the knife to deviate from its intended purpose. any knives we receive that have been modified will be returned in their original factory configuration. for bali-songs, we are able to swap the latch and safe handles upon customer request. if the latch has been removed, we will return the knife without replacing the latch, unless specifically requested by the owner. aftermarket parts we are able to perform service on knives with aftermarket parts, but we ask that you read, sign, and attach the  aftermarket parts liability waiver prior to sending a modified knife to us. if at any point throughout the process a knife is deemed unsafe to repair or sharpen, it will be returned to the owner as is. as a standard policy, we will not sharpen aftermarket blades or perform the installation of any aftermarket parts. warranty coverage the following issues are specifically covered under our warranty. broken hollow ground blade broken/chipped wood handle peeling versaflex handle if you are experiencing any of the aforementioned issues and would like the affected parts replaced free of charge, please send in your knife with a  warranty form that clearly states the issue, no matter how apparent the damage may be. in the event that we do not have the parts to properly repair your knife under warranty, we will replace the original knife with a current model of similar value. (a) if a knife returned for warranty work is found to be an actual or suspected counterfeit or replica item, benchmade shall have the right to impound the knife for further investigation of its authenticity. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for payment of the price of any suspected counterfeit knife under investigation. if benchmade, in its sole discretion, determines that the knife you returned for repairs is a counterfeit, benchmade has the right to permanently impound and/or destroy the knife. knives determined to be counterfeit will not be returned to you. please sign the counterfeit goods acknowledgement form to confirm that you have read, understood, and agree to the terms relating to counterfeit goods. (b) benchmade shall have the right to conduct destructive examinations to verify the authenticity of any knife benchmade receives which it suspects to be counterfeit. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for the price of any knife destroyed during such examination if it is later found to be a counterfeit. (c) benchmade's investigation may include the participation of third parties or governmental investigative agencies as required by law. by sending in your knife for repair, you agree to cooperate in good faith with any investigation conducted by benchmade, third parties, and/or governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, cooperating with investigations to identify the seller or source of the counterfeit good(s) by providing the name, location, and other identifying information about the seller.note: any automatic knife (button activated spring-opening) returned for warranty service from outside of oregon must also include either a signed copy of the "auto knife opening acknowledgment form", your web account username if you have already accepted the ako acknowledgment. otherwise, the knife must be returned through the authorized benchmade seller, from which the knife was originally purchased. no exceptions will be made. automatic knives will be returned in compliance with federal statutes.wash before use. benchmade knives should be hand washed only with dish soap under warm water and dried immediately. dishwashers operate at high temperatures with detergents that may contain abrasives or chemicals that can dull and damage your knife. coated blades and handles may appear dull after washing. to return to the original finish, apply a small amount of food grade oil to a soft cloth and gently rub onto blade and handle. let dry before next use. contact us we want to hear from you! if your question is urgent, or requires a change to an order, call customer service at 1-833-557-2526 call customer service for general customer support and lifesharp service support during business hours below: toll free: 1-833-557-2526 int'l: 1-503-655-6004 monday-friday 9:00am-5:00pm pst benchmade limited lifetime warranty: learn more benchmade lifetime lifesharp service: learn more if your question isn't urgent, email us at info@benchmade.com. our current response time on emails is 3-5 days. benchmade factory location 300 beavercreek road oregon city, or 97045 call factory store for factory store questions during store hours below: phone: (503) 496-1853 monday-friday 9:00am-5:00pm web-form is not active. sign up to our newsletter stay on point with the latest products, offers and more! see our privacy policy for more details.sign up for our newsletter: sign up contact 1-833-557-2526 300 beavercreek road oregon city, or 97045 instagram twitter facebook youtube linkedin locations faqs get a catalog want to be a dealer? active dealer portal service contact us warranty lifesharp shipping & returns order lookup charitable contributions corporate gifting accessibility statement explore benchmade edge history designers benchmade cares ambassadors blog benchmade forumcareers © 2021 benchmade, inc. all rights reserved privacy policy terms & conditions site map © 2021 benchmade, inc. all rights reserved