来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211222163531/https://www.benchmade.com/lifesharp-service
================================================================================

lifetime lifesharp knife sharpening service for free | benchmade knife company javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. looking for your perfect knife? check out our knife finder tool! skip to content my cart account change login register find a dealer toggle nav searchsearch advanced search search toggle nav shopview all productsby useevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allby typegold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allgold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allaccessoriesmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelhatsknife accessoriestactical pensview allmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelhatsknife accessoriestactical pensview allby useevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allby typegold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allgold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allaccessoriesmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelhatsknife accessoriestactical pensview allmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelhatsknife accessoriestactical pensview all best sellers 535bk-4 bugout® 535gry-1 bugout 15085-2 mini crooked river 15500 meatcrafter™ 940 osborne 15002 saddle mountain skinner view all productscustomizeexplore custom select a knife griptilian® family mini griptilian® family crooked river family mini crooked river family barrage® family mini barrage® family bugout family table knife set single table knife meatcrafter 3 piece set station knife explore customcutleryview all cutleryshop cutlery single table knife table knife set meatcrafter 3 piece set station knife view all cutlery knife finder account home lifesharp service lifetime lifesharp services with every purchase lifesharp service there's never a dull moment with a benchmade... that's right! for free we will clean, oil, adjust and re-sharpen your benchmade knife to a factory razor sharp edge. simply ship the knife to the benchmade address, postage paid and insured along with the required service forms below. lifesharp service includes the following: clean oil adjust re-sharpen *service does not apply to any serrated portion of the blade mail benchmade knife and service form(s) to: simply ship the knife in a secure package to the benchmade address, postage paid and insured along with the required service forms below. benchmade is not responsible for any product(s) lost in transit, to or from, the benchmade facility. attn: product services 300 beavercreek rd oregon city, or 97045 questions can be directed to 833.557.2526 or, please use the online contact form. if you are in need of  lifesharp service, please print the following forms and send with your benchmade knife(s): lifesharp service form counterfeit goods agreement if you would like to personalize your knife with custom lasermarking, please print and send this form with your benchmade knife(s): custom lasermarking form automatic knife notice note: any automatic knife (button activated spring-opening) returned for lifesharp service from outside of oregon must also include either a signed copy of the "auto knife opening acknowledgment form", your web account username if you have already accepted the ako acknowledgment, or be returned through an authorized benchmade dealer. no exceptions will be made. automatic knives will be returned in compliance with federal statutes. counterfeit goods notice (a) if a knife returned for warranty work is found to be an actual or suspected counterfeit or replica item, benchmade shall have the right to impound the knife for further investigation of its authenticity. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for payment of the price of any suspected counterfeit knife under investigation. if benchmade, in its sole discretion, determines that the knife you returned for repairs is a counterfeit, benchmade has the right to permanently impound and/or destroy the knife. knives determined to be counterfeit will not be returned to you.(b) benchmade shall have the right to conduct destructive examinations to verify the authenticity of any knife benchmade receives which it suspects to be counterfeit. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for the price of any knife destroyed by examination if it is later found to be a counterfeit.(c) benchmade's investigation may include the participation of third parties or governmental investigative agencies as required by law. by sending in your knife for repair, you agree to cooperate in good faith with any investigation conducted by benchmade, third parties, and/or governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, cooperating with investigations to identify the seller or source of the counterfeit goods by providing the name, location, and other identifying information about the seller. please reference the form to agree. lifetime lifesharp services with every purchase lifesharp service there's never a dull moment with a benchmade... that's right! for free we will clean, oil, adjust and re-sharpen your benchmade knife to a factory razor sharp edge. this can be completed by following one of the following options. lifesharp service includes the following: clean oil adjust re-sharpen *service does not apply to any serrated portion of the blade preferred method 1. if you already have a benchmade user account and are signed in, please click the following link to be directed to the warranty and lifesharp form. warranty and lifesharp form if you do not have a benchmade user account, create one here. other option 2. simply ship the knife to the benchmade address, postage paid and insured along with the required service forms from the section below. simply ship the knife to the benchmade address, postage paid and insured along with the required service forms below. lifesharp service form counterfeit goods agreement if you would like to personalize your knife with custom lasermarking, please print and send this form with your benchmade knife(s): custom lasermarking form automatic knife notice note: any automatic knife (button activated spring-opening) returned for lifesharp service from outside of oregon must also include either a signed copy of the "auto knife opening acknowledgment form", your web account username if you have already accepted the ako acknowledgment, or be returned through an authorized benchmade dealer. no exceptions will be made. automatic knives will be returned in compliance with federal statutes. counterfeit goods notice (a) if a knife returned for warranty work is found to be an actual or suspected counterfeit or replica item, benchmade shall have the right to impound the knife for further investigation of its authenticity. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for payment of the price of any suspected counterfeit knife under investigation. if benchmade, in its sole discretion, determines that the knife you returned for repairs is a counterfeit, benchmade has the right to permanently impound and/or destroy the knife. knives determined to be counterfeit will not be returned to you.(b) benchmade shall have the right to conduct destructive examinations to verify the authenticity of any knife benchmade receives which it suspects to be counterfeit. benchmade shall not be liable to you, or anyone else, for the price of any knife destroyed by examination if it is later found to be a counterfeit.(c) benchmade's investigation may include the participation of third parties or governmental investigative agencies as required by law. by sending in your knife for repair, you agree to cooperate in good faith with any investigation conducted by benchmade, third parties, and/or governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, cooperating with investigations to identify the seller or source of the counterfeit goods by providing the name, location, and other identifying information about the seller. please reference the form to agree. mail benchmade knife and service form(s) to: ship the knife in a secure package to the benchmade address, postage paid and insured along with the required service forms below. benchmade is not responsible for any product(s) lost in transit, to or from, the benchmade facility. attn: product services 300 beavercreek rd oregon city, or 97045 questions can be directed to 833.557.2526 or, please use the online contact form. sign up to our newsletter stay on point with the latest products, offers and more! see our privacy policy for more details.sign up for our newsletter: sign up contact 1-833-557-2526 300 beavercreek road oregon city, or 97045 instagram twitter facebook youtube linkedin locations faqs get a catalog want to be a dealer? active dealer portal careers service contact us warranty lifesharp shipping & returns order lookup charitable contributions corporate gifting accessibility statement explore benchmade edge history designers benchmade cares ambassadors blog benchmade forum © 2021 benchmade, inc. all rights reserved privacy policy terms & conditions site map © 2021 benchmade, inc. all rights reserved