来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221226105456/https://www.benchmade.com/faq
================================================================================

benchmade ordering frequently asked questions (faqs) | benchmade knife company javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. order in time for the holidays! view our shipping deadlines skip to content my cart account change login register find a dealer toggle nav searchsearch advanced search search toggle nav shopview all productsby useevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allby typegold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allgold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allaccessoriesknife accessoriestactical pensview allknife accessoriestactical pensview allby useevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allevery day carryhuntingoutdoorrescuesurvivaltacticalview allby typegold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allgold classbali-songautomaticfixed bladeassistmanualrescue hooksnew productsview allaccessoriesknife accessoriestactical pensview allknife accessoriestactical pensview all best sellers 535bk-4 bugout® 535gry-1 bugout 15085-2 mini crooked river 15500 meatcrafter® 940 osborne 15002 saddle mountain skinner view all productscustomizeexplore custom select a knife bugout family crooked river family mini crooked river family station knife meatcrafter® explore custom cutleryview all cutleryshop cutlery single table knife table knife set meatcrafter 3 piece set station knife collectors edition station knife collectors edition 3 piece set view all cutlery knife finder account home faq frequently asked questions this section is to allow you to find the quickest answer to the most popular questions our customer service team receives. if you still can't find an answer to your question, please contact us! online ordering q. why don't i see the knife i want on the website? a. if the product you are looking for is not on the website, it is either not available yet (new product), or discontinued. q. can i purchase your knives directly from benchmade? a. we try to support our dealer base as much as possible, realizing the time and efforts they have invested in supporting us, so we ask that our customers first make every effort to find and purchase product from our authorized dealers. if your local dealer does not have a particular model or is not able to help you, use our dealer locator on this site to search for other authorized dealers in your area. if for some reason you are still unable to find an authorized dealer who has what you want, we would be happy to sell you the product (which includes shipping charges and sales tax where applicable) over the phone or via our website with a credit card. q. if i place an order today, when will it be delivered? a. our knives are built to order. orders typically take up to 24 hours to process into our system, please then allow approximately 7 days for assembly prior to shipping, and in some rare cases, up to 6 weeks to become available. once your order has left the factory as a shipment, an order tracking email will be sent with a tracking number. (*estimated time for delivery varies depending on the service selected and location.) q. the product i want is showing out of stock, what does this mean to me? a. most knives are made to order and will ship within 7-10 business days. if the production time extends beyond 10 business days, we will temporarily show the product as “out of stock”. orders can be placed for these items by checking with a local authorized dealer who may have the item on hand. as soon as production times have returned within 7-10 days, we will change the status of the product on our site to allow for web orders as normal. q. can i add to my existing order? a. no, an additional order will need to be placed for additional items. q. how do i request a catalog? a. to request a benchmade®, please contact customer service at 1-833-557-2526 or send us an email and include your full name and mailing address. q. i have an older style fixed blade sheath and noticed there is a new style; can i purchase the new style for my knife? a. please contact us with what model of knife you have and we will be glad to let you know if a sheath replacement or upgrade is available for your particular knife. sheath prices vary, starting at $20 and up. q. how secure is this website? a. secure socket layering (ssl) is used when logged in until you have physically logged out. you will see a secure url address, "https://", which signifies a secure setting. you may also see a padlock icon on the browser status area to the lower right. this website utilizes the use of "cookies" to log you in every time you visit the website. if you have "cookies" disabled, you can enable through your browser's "internet options" menu. to log out, click the “log out” link at the top right hand corner of the website. q. what form of payment does your website accept? a. you can order conveniently on this website with credit card only. we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. please note: we only ship credit card orders complete. q. does benchmade offer discounts? a. benchmade is a dealer direct company and for this reason, we do not offer general discounts. q. what discounts do you offer? a. we offer select discounts for military, law enforcement, public safety, licensed outdoor guides, authorized dealer employees and industry professionals. if you serve, or have served in the military, work in law enforcement, or public safety, please visit the designated page here to sign up and find answers to your questions about id.me verification. if you work for a manufacturer in the shooting, hunting, or outdoor industry, please apply here for your discount. if you work as a licensed outdoor guide, please apply here for your discount. if you work for an active benchmade authorized dealer, please apply here for your discount. limited warranty, lifesharp and lasermark services q. where do i send my knife for limited warranty or lifesharp service and what is involved? a. if your knife was purchased from benchmade or one of our authorized dealers, should ever need warranty all you need to do is send your knife and the required information directly to our product service department. simply print off the warranty service form, box it up with your knife and ship, postage prepaid and insured freight (optional) to: bkc, inc. attn: product service department 300 beavercreek rd. oregon city, or 97045. if you are uncertain whether you purchased your knife from an authorized dealer, whether you qualify for limited warranty service, or whether a repair is warranted or not, please feel free to contact our customer service department before sending your knife in. in the case that you have an automatic knife and live outside the state of oregon you will have to send the appropriate documentation along with your knife, or contact an authorized dealer in your area to send or receive your knife on your behalf. please see our warranty page for additional information and instructions. if your knife should ever need lifesharp services, you similarly need to send in your knife and the required information directly to our product services department with a completed lifesharp service form. please see our lifesharp service page for additional information and instructions. q. will you send me a replacement part? a. we are happy to send out replacement clips and screws; please be sure to provide us with an address to ship to and the model number of your knife (found under the logo on the front side of the blade). if you are unsure, you can send us an email via contact us by selecting “warranty & parts or lifesharp” from the drop down menu. if any other parts are needed, we recommend our product service department to service benchmade knives for liability and warranty reasons. if you are having an issue with your knife purchased from benchmade or from an authorized benchmade dealer, please send it to us together with the required warranty service form at the address below, and we will check for warranty issues and replace any parts that are broken or not functioning. attn: bkc, inc. attn: repair, 300 beavercreek rd. oregon city, or 97045. q. what is the status of my knife i sent in for warranty service? a. please contact us. if you want to email us, choose "warranty & parts/lifesharp" from the dropdown menu and we will research this for you. please include your email, your full name, approximate date of shipment to us, tracking number (if available), phone number, and your shipping address. q. if i pay extra, will you sharpen my serrations? a. no. we do not sharpen serrations on any benchmade knife. you can also contact us to check if a blade replacement is available for your model. q. if i order from you and want to return the product, what is your return policy? a. please contact the customer service department at 1-833-557-2526 to discuss reason for the return(s). there may be a 20% re-stocking fee applied. return policy we are proud of the tools we make, and we stand by our products sold by us and through our authorized channels. you can return products purchased directly from benchmade, in original condition, for a replacement or refund within 90 days of purchase. simply call customer service to get a return merchandise authorization (rma) number, and we will help you through the return process. please note that we do not accept returns or refund purchases if the product has been used. if you bought a benchmade product from an authorized benchmade dealer please contact the dealer to return it to them. q. when will i see the credit on my account for the returned product? a. please allow three weeks from the time the package is received at benchmade. watch for the credit on your next credit card statement. q. the tip of my knife blade broke. is this covered under the limited warranty? a. broken tips are typically not covered under our limited warranty unless it is from a defect in materials or workmanship. for inquiries about parts availability and pricing, please contact customer service at 1-833-557-2526. for the fastest processing, please contact customer service ahead of time to provide payment information. checks and cash are not accepted and will be returned. blade and handle replacements subject to availability. q. can i order a knife with lasermarking online? a. yes. on any category or shopping page, click on the product image you wish to configure and check the “add custom lasermarking” check box. the next step would be to click on the “add lasermarking options” link highlighted in blue. from there you will have many options to choose from. q. where do i find the model number of my knife? a. most of our knives, with the exclusion of a few older h-k® knives, have the model number labeled under the butterfly logo on the front of the blade (see below). so if you have a serrated 551, it will be labeled "551" under the logo, and the full model number to designate the configuration would be "551s", where the "s" signifies the serrations. dealers q. how can i find a local authorized benchmade dealer in my area? a. to find an authorized benchmade dealer in your area to purchase from or check product availability, you can use the dealer locator on our website by simply entering your zip code, or you can contact customer service. if you have any questions regarding whether a dealer is authorized or not, please contact us. product q. how do i sharpen my knife? a. the key is to maintain the edge angles on the blade. our knife blades leave the factory with a 30-35 degree inclusive angle. we recommend you use our lifesharp service. this is a great way to get your knife sharpened, and to also have our qualified technicians service it for optimal performance. another option may be to contact an authorized benchmade dealer because authorized benchmade dealers often also offer a sharpening service to their customers or they know of a reputable service in the area. q. where can i find the appropriate tool kit for my knife? a. we offer the bluebox® tool kit or the folding tool kit with sharpener included which contains all the bit sizes used on our knives (the most common are sizes 6, 8, and 10). otherwise, you can go to your local hardware store to find what you need. q. who do i contact regarding a donation request from benchmade? a. benchmade knife company is proud to contribute to worthy causes and organizations. requests must be submitted via our contributions request form. selectedge™ q. what’s the difference? a. in comparison to benchmade’s traditional sharpening method, selectedge™ is a smoother, and ultimately sharper edge designed to improve cutting performance on products where a fine cut is the primary goal. debuting in the 2020 premium hunt line, selectedge™ features a 14° per side, fine edge with additional edge configurations possible in the future. q. what is the benefit? a. through extensive lab testing and field research, selectedge™ has proven to be the optimal balance of edge sharpness and durability as they relate to push cut applications. selectedge™ was specifically configured for benchmade’s portfolio of premium blade steels to produce a discernable difference for the user. q. why the change? a. historically speaking, benchmade’s primary indicator of cutting performance has been edge retention. while edge retention is critical for many heavy use applications, the style of cuts a user will make can vary from task to task. of these cuts, the two most common are pull cuts, and push cuts. selectedge™ is optimized for fine, push cuts that are required when making the final preparations of meat. q. why is this technology exclusive to the hunt class fixed blades? a. simply put, we’ve been listening. blending research with expert and consumer feedback, benchmade is committed to the innovation of products and processes that go above and beyond the standard utility edge. our new, premium hunt line is the first family of products to feature selectedge™ technology as we continue to explore opportunities throughout our broader product line. q. can i maintain the selectedge™ on my knife at home, or should it be sent back in for resharpening? a. when your selectedge™ has dulled past the point of routine maintenance, taking advantage of our lifesharp program will be the most effective way to return your knife back to the factory standard. however, if you would like to maintain or touch up your edge at home, we recommend the leather and ceramic components that can be found on worksharp’s guided sharpening system and abrasive upgrade kit . when a home solution is inaccessible, 5-10 strokes across both abrasive surfaces on the edge maintenance tool will help maintain your selectedge™ in the field. afterpay q. what is installments by afterpay? a. installments by afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases now and pay for them in four payments made every 2 weeks without any interest. q. how do i use installments by afterpay? a. simply shop online and add items to your shopping bag and checkout as normal. at the checkout choose installments by afterpay as your payment method. first-time customers will need to register with afterpay and provide payment details, and returning customers simply log in to make their purchase. it’s that easy! q. how does the payment schedule work? a. all customers are required to make their first payment at the time of purchase, with the remaining three payments deducted every two weeks from your chosen payment method. if you choose to make additional payments before your scheduled pay dates, you may do so through your afterpay account. you can log in to your afterpay account to view your payment schedule and make a payment before the due date if you choose to do so. q. is there a limit to how much i can spend on a single transaction? a. yes, a transaction value limit of $2,000 applies to purchases made with benchmade using installments by afterpay. q. what products are not eligible for purchase using installments by afterpay? a. afterpay is not available on purchases of gift cards. if you are purchasing gift cards along with afterpay eligible products, you will need to place two separate orders. in addition, afterpay cannot be used for orders under $30. q. how do i return or exchange an item purchased using installments by afterpay? a. if you have changed your mind, you can return your afterpay purchase in-store or by mail for a refund. please check that your return or exchange meets our return policy here. afterpay will be notified of your return and will process the appropriate refunds. please do not return your purchase to afterpay. if you believe there is fault or concern with your afterpay purchase payment, please contact afterpay customer support at info@afterpay.com. q. where can i find our more about afterpay? a. if you would like to know more about afterpay, visit the afterpay website for a comprehensive list of faqs, terms, purchase payment agreement as well as afterpay’s privacy policy. if you have any questions about your afterpay account, please contact afterpay directly via a web form found here. sign up to our newsletter stay on point with the latest products, offers and more! see our privacy policy for more details.sign up for our newsletter: sign up contact 1-833-557-2526 300 beavercreek road oregon city, or 97045 instagram twitter facebook youtube linkedin locations faqs want to be a dealer? active dealer portal careers transparency in coverage service contact us warranty lifesharp shipping & returns order lookup charitable contributions corporate gifting accessibility statement explore benchmade edge history designers benchmade cares ambassadors blog benchmade forum catalog © 2022 benchmade, inc. all rights reserved privacy policy terms & conditions site map benchmade knife company, inc. provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veterans, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, benchmade complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, benefits, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. © 2022 benchmade, inc. all rights reserved