来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241230220558/https://www.benchmade.com/policies/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service just dropped! shop new arrivals all water custom cutlery everyday outdoor hunting tactical knife finder liquid error (sections/header line 215): could not find asset snippets/customer-login.liquid all water custom cutlery everyday outdoor hunting tactical knife finder best sellers custom bugout® $210.00-$270.00 12 colors custom station knife $280.00-$340.00 6 colors shootout® | cf-elite® | tanto $325.00 6 colors 940 osborne | black g10 $230.00 7 colors sign in all water custom cutlery everyday outdoor hunting tactical knife finder terms of service benchmade's policies, terms & conditions of sale and use terms of use benchmade knife company, inc. makes available the information on this site for public viewing; we retain copyright on all text, graphics, photo images, and benchmade forum entries. it is unlawful to distribute the text or images to others or duplicate this information in any way without current, prior express written permission of benchmade knife company, inc. the name benchmade may not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to the distribution of this documentation without current, prior express written permission of benchmade knife company, inc. the information obtained from benchmade's website may be printed on a computer printer for personal use, stored as files on a computer for personal use, or referenced from your own documents provided that the copyright notice appears on every copy of the publication or any portion thereof. benchmade knife company, inc. reserves all other rights. copyrights & trademarks the contents of this site including text, graphics, photo images, and links are provided as a service to benchmade customers. benchmade knife company, inc. does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links, and other items contained on this site or any other site. benchmade knife company, inc. makes no representation about the suitability of this documentation for any purpose and assumes no liability in connection with the use of this information. it is provided as is without express or implied warranty. all patents, trademarks, and copyrights are the property of benchmade knife company, inc. counterfeit warning unfortunately, there are some counterfeit and replica benchmade products available in the market. benchmade works with customs authorities, law enforcement, and legal representatives in an effort to prevent the sale of counterfeit benchmade products online and through retailers. these counterfeit products are often made from sub-standard materials which do not meet the rigorous quality control standards of benchmade and are not covered by benchmade’s lifetime warranty. to avoid the risk of purchasing counterfeit products, it is best to buy directly from an authorized benchmade dealer, or through the www.benchmade.com website. to report counterfeits, please contact us immediately. purchasing policy by purchasing from benchmade knife company, buyer assumes the full and complete responsibility to comply with all applicable local, state, federal, and international laws with regard to the possession and use of any item purchased from benchmade knife company, inc. review your local municipal and state laws before ordering if you are in doubt. absolutely no sales to minors. buyer represents and warrants that products ordered will be used in a lawful manner and that buyer is of legal age. benchmade knife company, inc. will not be held liable for the misuse of any product.  benchmade reserves the right to cancel any order at any time prior to shipment. without the express prior written permission of benchmade knife company, all purchases must be for end use only.  you are expressly prohibited from reselling any products purchased on benchmade.com. knife laws benchmade complies with all applicable federal laws regarding the interstate shipments of our knives. it is buyer’s sole responsibility to adhere to local, state, city, and county knife laws and has the duty to contact local authorities to inquire about "ownership" and "carry" laws in their local jurisdiction in order to ensure compliance. authentic products buying your benchmade knife from an authorized benchmade dealer or directly from benchmade, through the benchmade.com website will ensure buyer enjoys the full value of buyer’s investment. please be aware that although benchmade intends to only display images of products as you would receive them, not all images may reflect exactly how they are in current design form due to upgrades and changes to products. promo discount codes discount codes given for use at benchmade.com are non-transferrable and not for resale. mobile terms of service benchmade mobile message program terms and conditions last updated: 15 april 2023 the benchmade mobile message program (the "program") is operated by benchmade knife company, inc. (“benchmade”, “we”, or “us”). your use of the program constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“mobile terms of service”) and privacy policy (the “agreement”). by opting in to or participating in any of our programs, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, your agreement to resolve any disputes with us through binding, individual-only arbitration, as detailed in the “dispute resolution” section below. this agreement is limited to the program and is not intended to modify other terms and conditions or privacy policy that may govern the relationship between you and us in other contexts.  we may modify or cancel the program or any of its features without notice. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these mobile terms of service at any time and your continued use of the program following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. user opt in the program allows users to receive sms/mms mobile messages by affirmatively opting into the program, such as through online or application-based enrolment forms.  by consenting to benchmade’s sms/text messaging program, you agree to receive recurring sms/text messages from and on behalf of benchmade through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal do not call list. text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialling system or other technology.  by participating in the program, you agree to receive autodialled or prerecorded marketing mobile messages at the phone number associated with your opt-in, and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from us. while you consent to receive messages sent using an autodialler, the foregoing shall not be interpreted to suggest or imply that any or all of our mobile messages are sent using an automatic telephone dialling system (“atds” or “autodialler”).  service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders). you understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with benchmade. your participation in this program is completely voluntary. user opt out you may opt-out of the program at any time. reply the single keyword command stop, stopall, unsubscribe, cancel, end or quit (or if french speaking - arret, desabonner, annuler, or fin) or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to opt out of the program. you'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. no further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. you understand and agree that the foregoing options are the only reasonable methods of opting out. you acknowledge that our text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that alter, change, or modify the stop, stopall, unsubscribe, cancel, end or quit (or if french speaking - arret, desabonner, annuler, or fin) keyword commands, such as the use of different spellings or the addition of other words or phrases to the command, and agree that benchmade and its service providers will have no liability for failing to honour such requests.  you also understand and agree that any other method of opting out, including, but not limited to, texting words other than those set forth above or verbally requesting one of our employees to remove you from our list, is not a reasonable means of opting out. if you have subscribed to other benchmade mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. for program support or assistance, reply help or email info@benchmade.com. we may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the program at any time and will notify you of these changes. you acknowledge that any messages, including any stop or help requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honouring requests made in such messages. program description: without limiting the scope of the program, users that opt into the program can expect to receive messages concerning the marketing, promotion, payment, delivery and sale of knives and gift cards. messages may include checkout reminders. cost and frequency: message and data rates may apply.  we do not charge for the program, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. you are solely responsible for all charges related to sms/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider. message frequency varies. you agree to receive messages periodically at our discretion. daily, weekly, and monthly message frequency will vary. the program involves recurring mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent periodically based on your interaction with us. our disclaimer of warranty: the program is offered on an "as-is" basis and may not be available in all areas at all times and may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other changes made by your wireless carrier. we will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this program. delivery of mobile messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator and is outside of our control.  the wireless carriers supported by the program are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. you agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. if you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the program, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or program. participant requirements: you must have a wireless device of your own, capable of two-way messaging, be using a participating wireless carrier, and be a wireless service subscriber with text messaging service. not all cellular phone providers carry the necessary service to participate. check your phone capabilities for specific text messaging instructions. age restriction: you may not use or engage with the platform if you are under thirteen (13) years of age. if you use or engage with the platform and are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) years of age, you must have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to do so. by using or engaging with the platform, you acknowledge and agree that you are not under the age of thirteen (13) years, are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) and have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to use or engage with the platform, or are of adult age in your jurisdiction. by using or engaging with the platform, you also acknowledge and agree that you are permitted by your jurisdiction’s applicable law to use and/or engage with the platform. prohibited content: you acknowledge and agree to not send any prohibited content over the platform. prohibited content includes: any fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, scandalous, threatening, harassing, or stalking activity; objectionable content, including profanity, obscenity, lasciviousness, violence, bigotry, hatred, and discrimination on the basis of race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age; pirated computer programs, viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful code; any product, service, or promotion that is unlawful where such product, service, or promotion thereof is received; any content that implicates and/or references personal health information that is protected by the health insurance portability and accountability act (“hipaa”) or the health information technology for economic and clinical health act (“hitec” act); and any sensitive or special category personal data including racial or ethnic origin data, political opinions data, religious or philosophical belief data, trade union membership data, genetic or biometric data (for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person), health data and sex life or sexual orientation data any personal data of people aged under 18 without parental consent. any other content that is prohibited by applicable law in the jurisdiction from which the message is sent. dispute resolution (sms recipients in the usa only): in the event that there is a dispute, claim, or controversy between you and us, or between you and klaviyo, inc. or any other third-party service provider acting on our behalf to transmit the mobile messages within the scope of the program, arising out of or relating to federal or state statutory claims, common law claims, this agreement, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, such dispute, claim, or controversy will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, determined by arbitration in oregon city, oregon before one arbitrator. the parties agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”) then in effect. except as otherwise provided herein, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the federal judicial circuit in which benchmade’s principle place of business is located, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. within ten (10) calendar days after the arbitration demand is served upon a party, the parties must jointly select an arbitrator with at least five years’ experience in that capacity and who has knowledge of and experience with the subject matter of the dispute. if the parties do not agree on an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days, a party may petition the aaa to appoint an arbitrator, who must satisfy the same experience requirement. in the event of a dispute, the arbitrator shall decide the enforceability and interpretation of this arbitration agreement in accordance with the federal arbitration act (“faa”). the parties also agree that the aaa’s rules governing emergency measures of protection shall apply in lieu of seeking emergency injunctive relief from a court. the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and no party shall have rights of appeal except for those provided in section 10 of the faa. each party shall bear its share of the fees paid for the arbitrator and the administration of the arbitration; however, the arbitrator shall have the power to order one party to pay all or any portion of such fees as part of a well-reasoned decision. the parties agree that the arbitrator shall have the authority to award attorneys’ fees only to the extent expressly authorized by statute or contract. the arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive damages and each party hereby waives any right to seek or recover punitive damages with respect to any dispute resolved by arbitration. the parties agree that each may bring claims against the other only in an individual capacity via arbitration and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative arbitration proceeding. further, unless both parties agree otherwise in a signed writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration without the prior written consent of both parties, unless to protect or pursue a legal right. if any term or provision of this section is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this section or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. if for any reason a dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial. this arbitration provision shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our programs. state law: florida: we endeavor to comply with the florida telemarketing act and the florida do not call act as applicable to florida residents.  for purposes of compliance, you agree that we may assume that you are a florida resident if, at the time of opt-in to program, (1) your shipping address, as provided is located in florida or (2) the area code for the phone number used to opt-into the program is a florida area code.  you agree that the requirements of the florida telemarketing act and the florida do not call act do not apply to you, and you shall not assert that you are a florida resident, if you do not meet either of these criteria or, in the alternative, do not affirmatively advise us in writing that you are a florida resident by sending written notice to us.  insofar as you are a florida resident, you agree that mobile messages sent by us in direct response to mobile messages or requests from you (including but are not limited to response to keywords, opt-in, help or stop requests and shipping notifications) shall not constitute a “telephonic sales call” or “commercial telephone solicitation phone call” for purposes of florida statutes section 501 (including but not limited to sections 501.059 and 501.616), to the extent the law is otherwise relevant and applicable. washington: to the extent the law is relevant and applicable to the program, we endeavor to comply with the commercial telephone solicitation requirements pursuant to the revised code of washington (rcw) (including but not limited to sections 80.36.390, 19.158.040, 19.158.110 and  19.158) as applicable to washington residents.  for purposes of compliance, you agree that we may assume that you are a washington resident if, at the time of opt-in to the program, the area code for the phone number used to opt-into the program is a washington area code. oklahoma: we endeavor to comply with the oklahoma telephone solicitation act of 2022 as applicable to oklahoma residents.  for purposes of compliance, you agree that we may assume that you are an oklahoma resident if, at the time of opt-in to program, the area code for the phone number used to opt-into the program is an oklahoma area code.  you agree that the requirements of the oklahoma telephone solicitation act do not apply to you, and you shall not assert that you are an oklahoma resident, if you do not meet the criteria or, in the alternative, do not affirmatively advise us in writing that you are an oklahoma resident by sending written notice to us.  insofar as you are an oklahoma resident, you agree that mobile messages sent by us in direct response to mobile messages or requests from you (including but are not limited to response to keywords, opt-in, help or stop requests and shipping notifications) shall not constitute a “telephonic sales call” or “commercial telephone solicitation phone call” for purposes of oklahoma statutes title 15 (including but not limited to sections 775c.1, 775c.2, 775c.3, 775c.4 and 775c.5), to the extent the law is otherwise relevant and applicable. miscellaneous: you warrant and represent to us that you have all necessary rights, power, and authority to agree to these terms and perform your obligations hereunder, and nothing contained in this agreement or in the performance of such obligations will place you in breach of any other contract or obligation. the failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. if any provision of this agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. any new features, changes, updates or improvements of the program shall be subject to this agreement unless explicitly stated otherwise in writing. we reserve the right to change this agreement from time to time. any updates to this agreement shall be communicated to you. you acknowledge your responsibility to review this agreement from time to time and to be aware of any such changes. by continuing to participate in the program after any such changes, you accept this agreement, as modified. we respect your right to privacy. to see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our privacy policy. contact us 1-833-557-2526 dealers find a dealer want to be a dealer? dealer portal about our story events stories benchmade edge careers resources contact us frequently asked questions returns blog catalog services lifesharp warranty parts request update order corporate gifting gift card get the latest news and offers. enter your email please enter a valid email address sign up for sms enter your phone please enter a phone number by submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing text messaging from us at the number provided. message and data rates may apply. message frequency varies. please help for help or stop to cancel. view our privacy policy and terms of service. you are signed up for sms! © 2022 benchmade, inc. all rights reserved privacy policy terms & conditions consent management