来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503062653/https://www.benchmade.com/policies/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of use just dropped! shop new arrivals all water custom cutlery everyday outdoor hunting tactical knife finder liquid error (sections/header line 239): could not find asset snippets/customer-login.liquid all water custom cutlery everyday outdoor hunting tactical knife finder best sellers custom bugout® $210.00-$220.00 13 colors custom station knife $280.00-$340.00 3 colors shootout® | cf-elite® | tanto $325.00 5 colors 940 osborne | black g10 $230.00 6 colors sign in all water custom cutlery everyday outdoor hunting tactical knife finder terms of use last updated: march 2025 the digital services that benchmade knife company, inc. ‎and our subsidiaries (together, "benchmade", “us,” "our," and "we")‎ provide are subject to these terms of use (the “terms”), including our websites, our online shop, benchmade accounts, the dealer portal, and any other digital experiences we provide (together, the “services”) that link here. the terms constitute a legal agreement between you and benchmade and govern all use of services. you must be at least 18 years of age to use the services. by accessing, browsing, or using the services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms. please read these terms carefully before using any services, as these terms affect your ‎legal rights. by agreeing to be bound by the terms, you agree that all disputes between ‎us will be resolved by binding arbitration, except for certain limited types of disputes ‎described in section 13 below. your agreement to arbitration means you are giving up ‎the right to go to court and the right to a trial by jury, and instead, disputes will be ‎decided by a neutral arbitrator. you also agree that all disputes between us, whether in ‎court or in arbitration, will be brought only on an individual basis and you waive ‎your right to bring or participate in a class arbitration or class action. please ‎click here to read limitation of liability section of this agreement for further details.‎ please review the benchmade privacy policy to learn about the personal information we collect, how we handle personal information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. contents 1.    ‎acceptance & general terms.. 2 2.    our policies.. 2 3.    use of the services and content. 3 4.    benchmade accounts.. 4 5.    third-party websites and services.. 5 6.    communications.. 5 7.    social media.. 5 8.    intellectual property rights.. 6 9.    user content. 6 10.      monitoring and enforcement. 7 11.      dmca.. 7 12.      representations and warranties | indemnification.. 9 13.      limitation of liability.. 9 14.      disputes | binding arbitration and class action waiver.. 10 15.      miscellaneous.. 11 1. acceptance & general terms please read these terms carefully before you use our services. by using ‎our ‎services, you agree to these terms. we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update these terms at any ‎time. you can always access the most current version of the terms using the “terms of use” link we ‎provide, including at the bottom of our websites. when we update the terms, we will ‎indicate the date it was last updated at the top of this page. if you use our services after the terms ‎have been updated, you agree to the terms of the new version.‎ our services may contain links to third-party websites and services not controlled by us. benchmade is ‎not responsible for and does not endorse their content, including any information or materials ‎contained on therein.‎ your use of our services, or features or offers contained therein, may be subject to additional terms, including but not limited to terms set forth in section 9 herein. [a2] in the case of any conflict, the terms set forth herein will control. you understand ‎benchmade may update, modify, or terminate the services or your access at any time. if you are ‎not satisfied with the services following such changes, your sole remedy is to discontinue use of those services.‎ 2. our policies counterfeit warning unfortunately, there are some counterfeit and replica benchmade products available in the marketplace. these counterfeit products are often made from sub-standard materials which do not meet the rigorous quality control standards of benchmade and are not covered by benchmade’s lifetime warranty.. benchmade works with customs authorities, law enforcement, and legal representatives in an effort to prevent the sale of counterfeit benchmade products online and through retailers. to avoid the risk of purchasing counterfeit products, it is best to buy directly from an authorized benchmade dealer or from us, in our stores or through benchmade’s websites, including but not limited to the www.benchmade.com website. to report counterfeits, please contact us immediately. purchasing policy by purchasing from benchmade knife company, you assume the full and complete responsibility to comply with all applicable local, state, federal, and international laws with regard to the possession and use of any item purchased from benchmade knife company, inc. please review your local municipal and state laws before ordering if you are in doubt. absolutely no sales to minors. you represent and warrant that products ordered will be used in a lawful manner and that you are of legal age. benchmade knife company, inc. will not be held liable for the misuse of any product. benchmade reserves the right to cancel any order at any time prior to shipment. without the express prior written permission of benchmade knife company, all purchases must be for end use only. you are expressly prohibited from reselling any products purchased on benchmade.com. additional terms or policies may apply to purchases depending on the product. see [a3] the product’s detail page for more information. please be aware that although benchmade intends to only display images of products as you would receive them, not all images may reflect exactly how they are in current design form due to upgrades and changes to products. discount codes given for use at benchmade.com are non-transferrable and not for resale. 3. use of the services and content the services and all content on the services, such as faqs, articles, video, text, images, icons, ‎graphics, illustrations, code, posts, designs, “look and feel” of the website, data, and compilations (together, the “content”), ‎are intended for your personal, non-commercial use. except as provided in these terms, you may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or ‎sale of, reproduce, create new works from, distribute, perform, display, communicate to the public or ‎in any way exploit, any of the content or the services in whole or in part.‎ you may not:‎ a.    use our services or content in any way that (1) violates any applicable federal, state, local, ‎or international law or regulation or (2) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, ‎copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person. ‎ b.    attempt (or assist in anyone else's attempt) to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, or ‎otherwise alter or interfere with the services, content, or any features of the services, or ‎make any unauthorized use of the services. ‎ c.    collect content, data, or information from the services using automated means, including ‎through the use any spider, bots, scripts, software, or other automatic device, program, ‎algorithm, or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process designed to data ‎mine or scrape information from a website or service. ‎ d.    use the services or content for the development of any model, algorithm, or generative ‎ai tool. ‎ e.    use services, software, or any manual or automatic device, tool, or process designed to ‎circumvent any restriction, condition, or technological measure that controls access to the ‎services or content in any way, including overriding any security feature, bypassing, or ‎circumventing any access controls, or use limits of the services.‎ f.    use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper ‎working of the services or any transaction being conducted on the services, or with any ‎other person’s use of the services.‎ g.    attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of our services, a benchmade ‎account, or any other systems or networks connected to the services by hacking, ‎password mining or spraying, or any other illegitimate means.‎ h.    use the services in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the ‎services or interfere with any other party's use of the services.‎ i.      impersonate or attempt to impersonate benchmade, a benchmade employee, another ‎user, or any other person or entity.‎ the services may contain features that use or otherwise integrate artificial intelligence (ai) systems. you authorize benchmade and our ‎service providers to store and use your input and any outputs for the purposes of providing you and ‎improving the services, enforcing the terms and policies, and complying with applicable laws. you ‎should review the output of such features accordingly and your use thereof is at your sole risk. ‎benchmade makes no representations or warranties and provides no indemnities with respect to output ‎of such features. ‎ 4. benchmade accounts when you create a benchmade user account for use on the services, we ask you to provide your name, email address, and a password. you will not use a false name or create an account for anyone but yourself without permission. you will not create more than one user account. we may disable your account if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated our policies, these terms, or applicable law. you agree and understand that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. accordingly, you agree that you will be solely responsible for all activities that occur under your account. if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of your account, or unauthorized disclosure of your account information, you agree to notify us immediately through our contact us page. if you have created a benchmade user account, you can access, update, and modify your personal information, including your password, by logging into your account or by contacting us. 5. third-party websites and services our services contains links to third-party websites and enable you to use or access third-party services. for example, our websites might enable social media sharing features and our emails may contain links to ‎videos on third-party platforms. ‎ these third-party websites and services are governed by their own terms of use and privacy policies. benchmade does not control, endorse, recommend, or otherwise accept responsibility for third-party websites or services. you are responsible for deciding if you want to access or use third-party websites or services and you accept the risk in doing so. if you have questions regarding the third-party websites or services, please direct them to the owner or operator. by using the services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or service. 6. email and text communications if you provide your email address or phone number, including as part of a transaction, service request, or inquiry, you consent to receive communications from us electronically to the email address you provide or via text to the phone number. for example, if you provide your phone number when checking out of our online shop, we may send you a message if your purchase has not been completed. you agree that all notices, disclosures, and other communications that we deliver to your email address or phone number will satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. through the services, or anytime you visit us, you may opt-in to receive promotional messages to an email address or mobile number you provide to us. promotional text messages. when you opt-in or sign-up for text messages, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text (e.g., sms and mms) messages (e.g. cart reminders) from benchmade, including text messages that may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system, to the mobile telephone number you provide when signing up or any other number that you designate. message frequency may vary and data rates may apply. benchmade reserves the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time and to change the short code or phone number from which messages are sent. for program support or assistance, reply ‘help’ or email info@benchmade.com. you can stop receiving promotional texts, for example, by responding “stop” or contacting us. you'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. no further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. consent to receive automated marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase. promotional email messages. if you agree or sign-up to receive promotional email messages, you agree to receive automated, personalized email content to the email address you provide. you may unsubscribe from receiving our promotional email messages by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our email or by contacting us. consent to receive promotional e-mail messages is not required to make any purchase. benchmade use of the personal information you provide to us is in accordance with the benchmade privacy policy which is also where you can learn about managing your contact preferences or opting out of promotional messages. 7. social media from time to time, we may engage with you on social media channels. for example, benchmade may reach out to you and ask for permission to use content you posted on social media channels including photography, videos, captions, and or related content. unless you and benchmade agree in writing to different terms, when you agree to allow benchmade to use your social media content: benchmade will have the worldwide and perpetual right, without payment to you, but not the obligation, to publish your social media content on the services, in our physical locations, on social media channels, and on our partner or distributors digital properties in any form; and you represent and warrant that (1) you have the right to grant benchmade the right to use your social media content as set forth in these terms and such use by benchmade will not violate the rights of any third party; and (2) any statements or testimonials that are included in your social media content are true and accurate and represent your current honest opinions, findings, beliefs, and/or experiences 8. intellectual property rights the services and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, look and feel, and arrangement thereof) are owned by benchmade, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by united states and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. the posting of information or other materials to the services does not constitute a waiver of any proprietary right in such information and materials such as, but not limited to, copyright, service marks, trademarks, trade names, or other intellectual property and does not transfer any rights to a user of the services or any other third party, except as expressly provided herein. these terms of use permit you to use the services for your personal, non-commercial use only. you must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material on our services. subject to the terms above, you may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the services for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution, but, you may not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this website. 9. user content the services may contain chats, personal profiles, and other interactive features which allow you to message, submit, publish, display, or transmit content such as reviews, photos, stories, etc. (“collectively referred to as “user content”). you agree that your user content will comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and ‎‎international laws and regulations and that your user content will ‎not:‎ a. contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, ‎offensive, ‎‎harassing, ‎violent, hateful, inflammatory, threatening (including any ‎content suggestive of stalking), or otherwise ‎‎objectionable.‎ b. contain or promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or ‎discrimination ‎‎based on ‎race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual ‎orientation, age, or any other protected characteristics.‎ c.  ‎‎infringe any trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual ‎property or ‎proprietary right, rights of privacy or publicity, ‎or ‎other rights of any other person.‎ d.  include any private or confidential information, including without ‎‎limitation ‎addresses, telephone numbers, credit card numbers, social security numbers, or ‎driver’s ‎‎license numbers.‎ e.    ‎‎‎‎contain ‎any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under ‎‎‎applicable laws or ‎regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these ‎ ‎terms or our privacy ‎policy.‎ f. ‎contain any computer viruses, worms, or other potentially damaging computer ‎‎programs or ‎files.‎ g.    ‎‎promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act.‎ h. cause annoyance, inconvenience, or anxiety or be likely to upset, ‎‎embarrass, ‎‎alarm, or annoy any other person.‎ i.   ‎‎impersonate any person or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any ‎‎person ‎or ‎organization; or ‎ j. ‎‎involve unauthorized commercial activities or sales, such as contests, ‎sweepstakes, ‎‎or other sales ‎promotions, barter, junk mail, spam, chain letters, ‎pyramid schemes, ‎‎or advertising for products or services offered by others.‎ any user content you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. by providing any user content to the services, you represent and warrant that you own or control all rights in and to the user content and grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and our licensees, successors, and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. you understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any user content you submit or contribute, and you, not benchmade, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness. we are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any user content posted by you or any other user of the services. however, while benchmade does not and cannot review all user content and is not responsible for its content, benchmade reserves the right to delete, move, or edit user content that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, in violation of these terms, or otherwise unacceptable. further, benchmade has the right to: disclose your information as described in the benchmade privacy policy. take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the services. terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the services for any reason, including without limitation, any violation of these terms or benchmade’s policies. without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone using the services. 10. dmca the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (the “dmca”) provides specific recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under u.s. copyright law. if you are a copyright owner or an agent of a copyright owner and believe that any content on the services infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the dmca by contacting us at: address: benchmade knife company, inc. attn: legal/infringement notice 300 beavercreek road oregon city, or 97045 you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your dmca notice may not be valid. you must provide the following information in writing (see 17 u.s.c. 512(c)(3) for further detail): an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other right being infringed. a description of the copyright-protected work that you claim has been infringed. a description of the material that you claim is infringing and where it is located. your address, telephone number, and email address. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of those materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. 11. representations and warranties | indemnification you represent, warrant and covenant that you are at least eighteen years old. you hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless benchmade and all officers, directors, owners, affiliates, and licensors (collectively, the “indemnified parties”) from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the indemnified parties in connection with any claim arising out of: (1) any breach by you or any user of your benchmade account of these terms or the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants; or (2) your gross negligence or willful misconduct. you must cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any such claim. benchmade reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. your use of the services and content is at your own risk. we are not liable for inaccuracy, reliability, or errors in any content. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, our services and content are provided as-is and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. there is no warranty of merchantability or fitness for particular purpose or non-infringement. we do not warrant availability or functionality of the services or that they will operate in an error free manner or free from viruses, worms, or other harmful code. in no event will benchmade, its affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, advertisers, suppliers, content providers and licensors be liable (jointly or severally) to you or any other person as a result of your access or use of the services or content for indirect, consequential, special, incidental, punitive, or exemplary damages, including, without limitation, lost profits, lost savings, lost revenues, lost goodwill, or computer failure or malfunction. these limitations apply whether the alleged liability is based on negligence, tort, contract, or other theory of liability, even if any of the benchmade parties have been advised of the possibility of or could have foreseen any of the excluded damages, and irrespective of any failure of an essential purpose of a limited remedy. if any applicable authority holds any portion of this section to be unenforceable, then the benchmade parties' liability will be limited to the fullest possible extent permitted by applicable law. 12. limitation of liability except where prohibited by law, in no event will benchmade be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if benchmade has been advised of the possibility of such damages. if, notwithstanding the other provisions of these terms, benchmade is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of services, benchmade’s liability will in no event exceed the greater of (1) the total of any purchase of any goods on the services paid in the six months prior to the date of the initial claim made against, or (2) us $100.00. some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you. 13. disputes | binding arbitration and class action waiver you and benchmade agree to arbitrate and empower the arbitrator with the exclusive authority to resolve, all disputes between you and benchmade, except (i) disputes relating to the enforcement of benchmade’s intellectual property rights and (ii) disputes that meet the requirements to be heard in small claims court. “disputes” include any dispute, action, or other controversy between us concerning the services or these terms, whether in contract, tort, warranty, statute or regulation, or other legal or equitable basis, and includes the validity, enforceability or scope of the terms, including disputes and any claim that all or any part of these terms or this section 13 are void or voidable. our agreement to arbitrate shall be given the broadest possible meaning that will be enforced. your agreement to arbitration means that for all covered claims, you are giving up your right to file a lawsuit in court and the right to a trial by jury. instead, you will have a hearing before a neutral arbitrator. in the event of a dispute, you or benchmade must send to the other party a notice of dispute, which is a written statement that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving the notice, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and the relief requested. you must send any notice of dispute to the address below. we will send any notice of dispute to you at the contact information we have for you. you must send any notice of dispute to: attention: legal/arbitration notice ‎300 beavercreek road ‎ oregon city, or 97045. such dispute, claim, or controversy will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, determined by binding arbitration in oregon city, oregon before one neutral arbitrator whose decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the u.s. federal arbitration act. the american arbitration association (the “aaa”) will administer arbitration. for consumers, arbitration will be administered under the aaa’s consumer arbitration rules and its supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes. for more information, visit www.adr.org or, in the united states, call 800-778-7879. arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone, or online. the arbitrator may award damages to you individually as a court could, including declaratory or injunctive relief, but only to the extent required to satisfy your individual claim. except as otherwise provided herein, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the federal judicial circuit in which benchmade’s principal place of business is located, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. within ten (10) calendar days after the arbitration demand is served upon a party, the parties must jointly select an arbitrator with at least five years’ experience in that capacity and who has knowledge of and experience with the subject matter of the dispute. if the parties do not agree on an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days, a party may petition the aaa to appoint an arbitrator, who must satisfy the same experience requirement. in the event of a dispute, the arbitrator shall decide the enforceability and interpretation of this arbitration agreement in accordance with the federal arbitration act (“faa”). the parties also agree that the aaa’s rules governing emergency measures of protection shall apply in lieu of seeking emergency injunctive relief from a court. the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and no party shall have rights of appeal except for those provided in section 10 of the faa. each party shall bear its share of the fees paid for the arbitrator and the administration of the arbitration; however, the arbitrator shall have the power to order one party to pay all or any portion of such fees as part of a well-reasoned decision. the parties agree that the arbitrator shall have the authority to award attorneys’ fees only to the extent expressly authorized by statute or contract. the arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive damages and each party hereby waives any right to seek or recover punitive damages with respect to any dispute resolved by arbitration. the parties agree that each may bring claims against the other only in an individual capacity via arbitration and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative arbitration proceeding. further, unless both parties agree otherwise in a signed writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration without the prior written consent of both parties, unless to protect or pursue a legal right. if any term or provision of this section is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term, provision of this section, invalidate, or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. if for any reason a dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial. this arbitration provision shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our programs. all provisions of this dispute section will survive termination of these terms. 14. miscellaneous a.   except with regard to section 13, these terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of oregon ‎and the laws of the united states, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles ‎‎(whether in the jurisdiction selected above or any other jurisdiction).‎ b.   benchmade may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the services for any reason, including, without limitation, breach or assignment of these terms. c. the provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive the termination of these terms will survive such termination. d.   if any provision of these terms is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. e.   no waiver of any provision of these terms by us will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. f.  you and benchmade agree there are no third-party beneficiaries intended under these terms. g. the terms constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and benchmade regarding the services and content and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding same. h.  if you have any questions about the terms, the services, or our content, or our products, please contact us or reach out to: benchmade knife company, inc.‎ attn: legal‎ ‎300 beavercreek road ‎ oregon city, or 97045‎ contact us 1-833-557-2526 dealers find a dealer want to be a dealer? dealer portal about our story events stories benchmade edge careers resources contact us frequently asked questions returns blog catalog services lifesharp warranty parts request update order corporate gifting gift card get the latest news and offers. enter your email please enter a valid email address sign up for sms enter your phone please enter a phone number by submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing text messaging from us at the number provided. message and data rates may apply. message frequency varies. please help for help or stop to cancel. view our privacy policy and terms of service. you are signed up for sms! © 2022 benchmade, inc. all rights reserved privacy statement terms of use consent management sitemap skip