来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091119031226/http://www.airsplat.com/privacypolicy.htm
================================================================================

airsoft gun warehouse - nation's largest airsoft guns retailer - great deals and sales on air soft, soft air, and accessories shopping cart login id: guest total items: 0 the nation's largest airsoft retailer airsoft guns about us testimonials monthly specials airsoft information join / log in join for email discounts and cheap airsoft gun deals! (626) 377-4818 (626) 357-5700 m-f 9am-4pm pst airsoft guns categories mini electric airsoft guns mini airsoft airsoft spring pistol spring airsoft gun spring airsoft rifles & sniper rifles airsoft gas pistol & airsoft gas guns electric airsoft guns rifle aeg lpeg mpeg airsoft gun magazines (spring, gas, aeg) airsoft accessories, bb, apparel, & gear airsoft upgrades airsoft scopes mods paintball guns, barrels, & accessory scrap yard used airsoft guns about airsoft airsoft information feedback policy privacy policy specials airsoft manufacturers agm (airsoft gun manufacture) ae airsoft elite airsoft press airsplat be (both elephant) ca (classic army) boyi / cyma de(double eagle) deep fire duratrax jg (jing gong) / gb (golden bow) g&g (guay guay) hfc (ho feng corp) ics (i chih shivan) / vfc (vega force corp) ib (intellect battery) / sanyo battery jls kjw (kuan ju works) kwa / ksc kwc (kien well co) leapers / utg tm (tokyo marui) / we nc star softair / cyber gun src surefire flashlights stti / y&p systema tag (tactical airsoft gear) uhc (unicorn hobby corp) v-force well airsoft guns styles 1911 airsoft pistol airsoft apparel airsoft grenades & grenade launcher airsoft safety apparel airsoft shotgun airsoft tactical gear ak47 ak74 airsoft gun desert eagle airsoft exterior accessories famas airsoft rifle g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles g18 g19 airsoft guns hi capa airsoft gun m14 sniper rifle m16 ar airsoft rifle m4 xm177 airsoft rifle m9 m92 airsoft pistol mac11 uzi mp7 airsoft misc. airsoft pistol misc. airsoft rifle mp5 airsoft rifle p90 airsoft gun performance upgrade ruger airsoft pistol scope magnifying scope non-magnifying sig sauer airsoft guns airsoft sniper rifles socom airsoft pistols steyr aug airsoft rifle tommy gun airsoft usp p8 airsoft pistols xm8 airsoft rifles company privacy policy if you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact comments@airsplat.com or call 626-357-5700. if you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact truste at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php. truste will then serve as a liaison with the web site to resolve your concerns. we respect our customer’s right to privacy. no information given to us on this web site will be given out or sold, and will only be used for internal business purposes. all personal information, such as your name, postal, email address, payment information (i.e. credit card information etc), is private and confidential. accordingly, the personal information which you provide is stored in a secure location, and accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for which you provided the information (such as to process your order, reply to an email or brochure request, etc). in addition, all online orders (credit card info, etc) are additionally protected by being encrypted. personal information will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provided the information, such as processing of credit card charges, or released, unless required by law or is pertinent to judicial or government investigations or proceedings. there are no other circumstances under which we provide or sell personal information to third parties. furthermore, our web site tracks information about the visits to our web site. for example, we compile statistics to show the daily number of visitors to our site, the daily requests for particular files, what countries those request came from, etc. these aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others, however, these statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information. the ways we use information airsplat does not sell, rent, or share personal information about you, our customer, with other people or nonaffiliated organizations who are not service providers. we use the information provided by you when placing an order only to complete that order, or to fulfill your request for more information. we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order, or as required by the law. this includes your personal information, or information provided about someone else (for example, a friend's shipping address). we use your return email address to answer the email we receive. finally, we never use or share personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. cookies a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. as with most web sites, we use cookies on this site. we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. our web site does utilize cookies and cookies are set by third parties in order to track our network ads performance. cookies do recognize the number of visitors, but not the names, address or other information about our visitors that would identify the particular visitors to our sites. this information is used for internal purposes by airsplat and staff. see additional information in “business partners” below. we use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. a session id cookie expires when you close you browser. if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, will be limited. you will still be able to complete an order; however, you will not have access to features such as wish lists. cookies are not tied to personally identifiable information. business partners cookies are set by third parties in order to track our network ads performance. it does recognize the number of visitors, but not the names, address or other information about our visitors that would identify the particular visitors to our sites. this information is used for internal purposes by airsplat and our staff and is not tied to personally identifiable information. furthermore, we use a third party tracking service that uses log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. for example, we compile statistics from our tracking service to show the daily number of visitors to our site, the daily requests for particular files, what countries those request came from, etc. these aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others, however, these statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information. we allow a third party called bizrate to conduct surveys upon completion of your order. you have the choice whether or not to participate in the customer satisfaction survey. if you choose to participate, you will be on bizrate’s web site and will be governed by their privacy policy. service providers we use other third parties to provide a credit card transaction service on our site. we will share billing information as necessary for the third party to provide that service. these third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose including marketing. our commitment to data security in order to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. the security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order form, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can send email us at comments@airsplat.com communications from airsplat once your account has been registered, you will receive a confirmation email address confirming the account you have created. when an order is placed, you will receive a confirmation email usually with the subject "thank you for placing order #[order number]". an additional email will be sent when the order ships with the subject heading "order #[order number] has shipped". if your order, in part or whole, does not ship, you will be sent an email notification with status of the item and eta. on rare cases when an item has been discontinued, we may contact you to notify you of the status of the item either by email or phone. choice/opt-out you may not unsubscribe (opt-out) from any of the communications from the site as they are all critical service updates or confirmation emails related to the transaction that you initiated. we do not send newsletters or promotional communications in any form (email or postal mail). how you can access or correct your information you can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect and maintain. simply go to the account info section of the site to access and edit your account information. if you wish to delete your information or have a problem accessing your account please contact info@airsplat.com, or call 626.357.4900. leave your name and number so we can call you back to verify your identity and correct or delete your personally identifiable information. for our customers security we do not allow online orders that were placed to be changed by adding or deleting items from it after an order has been placed and processed (of course before you place your order you can modify or change the contents of your shopping cart). in order to add or delete items you will need to cancel the order within 24 hours after being placed on line and create a new order. after that your order will be processed. see our online billing policy. if you don't know your order number and want to cancel it, you must provide us with your name and a phone number we can reach you. you may call us at the above phone number or email us. we will then call you and ask some personal information about the order to verify and correct it. at that point we will delete your order and you may then enter a new one if you wish. in order to protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to ascertain your identity before granting access and making corrections. changes to this privacy policy if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. you may contact us regarding any privacy related issues at: 11688 clark st. arcadia, ca 91006 (626) 357-5700 shoot us! (bookmark) monthly specials new items sale items search power search find us on: as featured in: authorized retailer of: uhc, softair, ics, classic army, kjw, hfc, we, olympic arms, systema, and more! los angeles' only airsoft exclusive indoor field mountain bikes, beach bikes, fixie single speed airsoft blog airsplat © - the airsoft guns warehouse. all rights reserved airsoft tactics blog all airsoft guns include a blaze orange tip of at least 6mm. removal of this blaze orange tip for sale or transportation is a federal offense in the united states.