来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231111928/http://www.airsplat.com/forums.htm
================================================================================

airsoft team resource by airsplat - forums - airsplat.com - airsoft gun warehouse home| cart| log in free shipping* on any order over $150 all orders ship within 24 hours! voodoo tactical 6" d desert tan boots utg 1 inch quick det tach picatinny rings (626) 539-3900 or(626) 357-5700m-f 9am-4pm pst specials sale items new items | airsoft gun manufacturers a&k ae (airsoft elite) agm (airsoft gun manufacturer) airsoft publications periodicals airsplat ares airsoft be (both elephant) boyi cyma ca (classic army) condor outdoor voodoo tactical de (double eagle) deep fire duratrax excel airsoft bb flashlights guay guay g&g hfc (ho feng corp) ib (intellect battery) sanyo battery ics (i chih shivan) vfc (vega force) jg (jing gong) gb (golden bow) jls kjw (kuan ju works) kwa ksc leapers utg magpul mechanix wear nc star soft air cyber gun palco src kwc stti y&p systema tag (tactical airsoft gear) tm (tokyo marui) we uhc (unicorn hobby corp) v-force goggles well bell galaxy | airsoft gun styles 1911 airsoft pistol airsoft apparel airsoft grenades grenade launcher mines airsoft safety apparel airsoft shotguns airsoft sniper rifles airsoft tactical gear ak47 ak74 airsoft gun desert eagle airsoft exterior airsoft accessories g18 g19 airsoft guns g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles hi capa airsoft gun hk 416 airsoft rifle l85 airsoft rifle m14 sniper rifle m16 ar airsoft rifle m4 airsoft rifle m9 m92 airsoft pistol mac11 uzi mp7 airsoft misc airsoft pistol misc airsoft rifle mp5 airsoft rifle p90 airsoft gun p99 airsoft pistol performance upgrade revolver airsoft guns ruger airsoft pistol scope magnifying scope non-magnifying sig sauer airsoft guns steyr aug airsoft rifle tommy gun airsoft usp p8 airsoft pistols xm8 airsoft rifles | airsoft university airsoft gun safety airsoft definition airsoft batteries airsoft bbs airsoft gun maintenance gas airsoft gun instructions milsim - paintball & airsoft scenario paintball airsplat on demand inside the mechbox airsoft upgrade videos airsoft gun reviews airsoft fields, states, forums airsoft owner's manuals airsoft guns in hollywood airsoft video games | why buy from airsplat? categories mini electric airsoft guns mini airsoft airsoft spring pistol spring airsoft gun spring airsoft rifles & sniper rifles gas airsoft pistol & airsoft gas guns gas airsoft guns non blowback & pistols gas airsoft guns blowback & pistols gas airsoft rifle & airsoft sniper rifle electric airsoft guns rifle aeg lpeg mpg entry level electric airsoft rifle lpeg middle electric airsoft rifle plastic middle electric airsoft rifle mpeg metal ics src olympic electric airsoft gun aeg ares airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft gun airsoft elite, armalite classic army aeg kwa vfc systema ptw king arms airsoft guay guay g&g aeg airsoft electric guns airsoft gun magazines (spring, gas, aeg) spring airsoft gun pistol magazine clips spring airsoft rifle gun magazines clips gas airsoft gun magazine clips aeg electric airsoft gun magazines clips airsoft bb, gas, batteries, & chargers airsoft gun 6 mm bb pellets & ammo airsoft green gas, co2, propane, & oil airsoft battery charger & lipo chargers airsoft battery 8.4 9.6v nicad nihm lipo airsoft vests, apparel, masks, goggles airsoft goggles, helmets, & full masks apparel, masks, slings, holsters, vests airsoft rifle bags, back packs, & cases airsoft chrono, poster, target, periodic airsoft upgrades airsoft scopes mods airsoft pistol hand gun upgrades airsoft grenades, launchers, land mines airsoft laser, illuminator, flash lights internal airsoft electric aeg upgrades external airsoft gun aeg rifle upgrades airsoft silencers, tracers, flash hiders airsoft scopes, mounts, weaver rails airsoft press e-book tutorials & manuals paintball guns, barrels, & accessory paintball marker / paintball gun paintball air tanks co2 compressed air paintball hoppers, loaders, & magazines paintball barrels upgrade paintball harness, apparell, body armor paintball squeegee & swabs scrap yard used airsoft guns airsoft guns for gamers battlefield 2: bad company call of duty 4: modern warfare 2 combat arms grand theft auto iv call of duty: world at war tom clancy's rainbow six: las vegas 2 show me all... newly arrived ics l85 a2 carbine airsoft aeg rifle 87 $349.99 voodoo tactical scorpion range bag tan $34.99 well m4 r20 tactical carbine aeg metal $189.99 show me all... state map airsoft fields airsoft forums airsoft news airsoft teams forums website description alabama alabama airsoft forum an airsoft discussion forum based in alabama. alabama airsoft forums an airsoft discussion forum based in alabama. alaska juneau airsoft an airsoft discussion forum based in alaska. california roughneck airsoft detachment welcome to the roughnecks. southern california's premier airsofting squad providing safe and fun games to players of all ages. safety is our #1 goal!!! if you're new to the sport, this is a great place to start. southern california airsoft league: forums the southern california airsoft league socal.- is not a team, but rather an organization of different team and players in the southern california region. socal airsoft an airsoft discussion forum based in california. canada planet airsoft an airsoft discussion forum based in canada. connecticut airsoft connecticut you've found connecticut's only source for community oriented discussion related to the sport of airsoft!  our forum's are taking off nicely and are being complimented by a host of new features designed to help users find local retailers, other players and games on short notice. deleware mid-atlantic airsoft player registry maapr, the mid-atlantic airsoft players registry, started off as an email list of 36 airsoft players in the maryland area for the purpose of organizing monthly games. this list has grown in the past 3 years to more than 1400 players in 14 states and 5 countries. england arnie's airsoft an airsoft discussion forum based in england. europe airsoft-news.eu an airsoft discussion forum based in europe. opsec airsoft radio hatched out of joke, opsec airsoft radio was born on a warm september day in 2005. we were frankly tired of reading several different websites to remain 'on-top' of the airsoft scene, but most importantly... tired of being out of the loop on local events/games. so we did something about it. florida national airsoft tactical operations outheast airsoft was founded on the 26th of march 2005 by three team from across florida. we had a dream of being able to bring all of the local team and individuals into one unified organization underwhich to host games, promote safety, and ease communication between the respective areas. illinois hoffman estates airsoft team heat our team tries to attend games as often as possible. we have our own field which is only available to members of the team and we use it for training and team practices. we always try to attend games and events that are hosted by other airsoft groups. illinois airsoft a traditional forum for statewide airsoft information t.e.s.t. airsoft we are located in the chicago area and attend the larger events in the midwest, as well as all of the local games. our motto is "honor, trust, brotherhood" and that stands true on and off of the field. indiana indiana airsoft the indiana airsoft association was founded in 2005 to provide a common place for indiana airsoft players to share information and ideas about airsoft. as well as to inform indiana residents about up and coming airsoft games that their team may be hosting. iowa airsoft iowa organizes and coordinates regular events and skirmishes. kansas kcac forums an airsoft discussion forum based in kansas. louisiana black company a louisiana-based team site with news, events, photos, video & more. maine maine airsoft maine airsoft was started in september of 2007, with the sole purpose of being an informational resource to those searching for airsoft in maine online. maryland eastcoastairsoft forum an airsoft discussion forum based in maryland. massachusetts massachusetts airsoft forums a regional site with forum, gallery, chat, & links for ma & ri. michigan michigan airsoft forum an airsoft discussion forum based in michigan. mississippi mississippi airsoft a forum to centralize communication between various ms team. missouri jeff city airsoft association for everything airsoft in the jefferson city area. - need to login to view kansas city airsoft association promotes the growth of airsoft in the kansas city area. montana a-team airsoft montana's first indoor cqb airsoft field. forum. nebraska team legion airsoft team in omaha nebraska we have 11 members right now airsoft nebraska forums a regional site for info on airsoft equipment, people & events in nebraska. new jersey new jersey airsoft forums an airsoft discussion forum based in new jersey. northeast usa northeastern airsoft group - neasg dedicated to connecting players & team in the rural n.e ohio 89th ohio regiment mission: pread the influence of the 86th ohio regiment throughout ohio, promote fair play and safety, promote a positive image of airsoft to non-combatants as well as the community and media, compete, evolve and have fun. airsoft ohio an airsoft discussion forum based in ohio. oklahoma oklahoma city airsoft group an oklahoma city based mil-sim airsoft group south carolina south carolina airsoft association a regional forum for airsoft enthusiasts throughout the state. airsoft organization of south carolina the largest airsoft forum and playerbase in the state of sc, the aosc forums. tennessee gun devils a nashville-based special forces-style team with a great website. tennessee airsoft works to provide coordination of regional & state airsoft activities. texas airsoft advance airsoft advance is a web portal dedicated to the airsoft enthusiast. our site brings the best news, forums, downloads to the airsoft community. a large portion of airsoft advance is dedicated to local airsoft organizations and fields in north texas area include dallas/ fort worth. airsoft el paso online resource for the west texas/new mexico airsoft community. defcon airsoft corpus christi’s official airsoft community. we have serious players, serious guns, and serious tactics. whether you are new to airsoft or old we have a place for you. guns for hire an airsoft discussion forum based in texas. f.o.g. forward operating group a central texas team based in austin. huston airsoft this site is dedicated to supporting a community that enjoys military simulations. north texas airsoft a common meeting place for north texas team & players. texas airsoft an airsoft discussion forum based in texas. airsoft retreat an airsoft discussion forum based in texas. lone star airsoft the home of central texas airsoft, plus info on local & state-wide skirmishes. utah phoenix initiative the phoenix initiative is part of cache valley airsoft. cva hosts safe controlled events for airsofters primarily in the logan area, although everyone’s welcome. phoenix initiative is looking to grow, and is accepting shooters that are interested in playing. utah airsoft a forum for information on players, team, & events in the region. virginia acme airsoft forums our forum as a guest which gives you limited access to view most discussions, articles and access our other free features. division 6 an extensive forum uniting the northern virginia airsoft community detachment e.c.h.o e.c.h.o. is an elite squad of airsofters based in richmond, va us fort airsoft airsoft & milsim news, reviews, forums. airsoft events a website completely dedicated to airsoft events. pictures, movies, aar, the whole layout is based around what the players want to do and did in the field. airsoft in your local news an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. airsoft sniper board assb is a forum site dedicated to the art of airsoft sniping.  it has been recently launched and is looking for members. come, join, and learn to be an even better airsoft sniper. filipino airsoft an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. airsoft brugge an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. team.airsocom welcome to team.airsocom.com, the fastest growing online community completely dedicated to the sport of airsoft. team black thistle team blackthistle are an airsoft team situated in stranraer in southwest scotland. airsoft core an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. airsoft forum airsoftforum.com asf- is an airsoft and milsim military simulations- website. we have a discussion board and forums where you can find answers and meet other interesting people all over the world. airsoftforum.com: milsim and airsoft discussion board airsoftforum.com abbreviated asf-, is a forum and discussion board where people from all over the world get together and talk about airsoft, airsoft guns, airsoft gear, airsoft events, buying, selling, etc. airsoft haven an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. airsoftica an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. airsoft society an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. arniesairsoft forums arnie'sairsoft aa- is a british website based in the uk that aims to bring you the lighter side of airsoft. although sited in england the news is submitted from all around the world, and aimed to appeal to 'softers from any country. frontline command airsoft an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. lion claws an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. operation lion claws forum an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. planet airsoft forums an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. popular airsoft an airsoft discussion forum based in the united states. airsoft forums airsoftforum.com abbreviated asf-, is a forum and discussion board where people from all over the world get together and talk about airsoft, airsoft guns, airsoft gear, airsoft events, buying, selling, etc. mid atlantic airsoft maapr, the mid-atlantic airsoft players registry, started off as an email list of 36 airsoft players in the maryland area for the purpose of organizing monthly games. this list has grown in the past 3 years to more than 1400 players in 14 states and 5 countries. red alliance this website is designed to bring together the growing world-wide community of airsofters who are interested in adopting an eastern-bloc style. feel free to browse around, and be sure to stop by our forums and and say hi! are we missing something? email us at comments@airsplat.com to have it addded. shopping cart 0 items $0.00 find us on: shoot us! (bookmark) as featured in: everyone on my block loves airsplat! we have a team and we only buy from airsplat! you guys are the best! we compare prices and shipping all the time and every time you are the best priced and fastest shipping. -joseph g from wy more testimonials read airsoftgun reviews los angeles' only airsoft exclusive indoor field looking for a mountain bike or beach cruiser? home seasons - seasonal decorations & decor authorized retailer of: uhc, softair, ics, classic army, kjw, hfc, we, olympic arms, systema, and more! home | log in| safe shopping | policy | help | about us all airsoft guns come with 6 mm blaze orange tip as required by federal law