来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231111928/http://www.airsplat.com/feedback.htm
================================================================================

customer feedback and testimonials - nation's largest airsoft gun retailer - customer feedback and testimonials - airsplat.com - airsoft gun warehouse home| cart| log in free shipping* on any order over $150 all orders ship within 24 hours! a&k mk43 m60 airsoft t rifle machine gun softair sig p226 met tal airsoft gas gun (626) 539-3900 or(626) 357-5700m-f 9am-4pm pst specials sale items new items | airsoft gun manufacturers a&k ae (airsoft elite) agm (airsoft gun manufacturer) airsoft publications periodicals airsplat ares airsoft be (both elephant) boyi cyma ca (classic army) condor outdoor voodoo tactical de (double eagle) deep fire duratrax excel airsoft bb flashlights guay guay g&g hfc (ho feng corp) ib (intellect battery) sanyo battery ics (i chih shivan) vfc (vega force) jg (jing gong) gb (golden bow) jls kjw (kuan ju works) kwa ksc leapers utg magpul mechanix wear nc star soft air cyber gun palco src kwc stti y&p systema tag (tactical airsoft gear) tm (tokyo marui) we uhc (unicorn hobby corp) v-force goggles well bell galaxy | airsoft gun styles 1911 airsoft pistol airsoft apparel airsoft grenades grenade launcher mines airsoft safety apparel airsoft shotguns airsoft sniper rifles airsoft tactical gear ak47 ak74 airsoft gun desert eagle airsoft exterior airsoft accessories famas airsoft rifle g18 g19 airsoft guns g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles hi capa airsoft gun hk 416 airsoft rifle m14 sniper rifle m16 ar airsoft rifle m4 airsoft rifle m9 m92 airsoft pistol mac11 uzi mp7 airsoft misc airsoft pistol misc airsoft rifle mp5 airsoft rifle p90 airsoft gun p99 airsoft pistol performance upgrade revolver airsoft guns ruger airsoft pistol scope magnifying scope non-magnifying sig sauer airsoft guns socom airsoft pistol steyr aug airsoft rifle tommy gun airsoft usp p8 airsoft pistols xm8 airsoft rifles | airsoft university airsoft gun safety airsoft definition airsoft batteries airsoft bbs airsoft gun maintenance gas airsoft gun instructions milsim - paintball & airsoft scenario paintball airsplat on demand inside the mechbox airsoft upgrade videos airsoft gun reviews airsoft fields, states, forums airsoft owner's manuals airsoft guns in hollywood airsoft video games | why buy from airsplat? categories mini electric airsoft guns mini airsoft airsoft spring pistol spring airsoft gun spring airsoft rifles & sniper rifles gas airsoft pistol & airsoft gas guns gas airsoft guns non blowback & pistols gas airsoft guns blowback & pistols gas airsoft rifle & airsoft sniper rifle electric airsoft guns rifle aeg lpeg mpg entry level electric airsoft rifle lpeg middle electric airsoft rifle plastic middle electric airsoft rifle mpeg metal ics src olympic electric airsoft gun aeg ares airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft gun airsoft elite, armalite classic army aeg kwa vfc systema ptw king arms airsoft guay guay g&g aeg airsoft electric guns airsoft gun magazines (spring, gas, aeg) spring airsoft gun pistol magazine clips spring airsoft rifle gun magazines clips gas airsoft gun magazine clips aeg electric airsoft gun magazines clips airsoft bb, gas, batteries, & chargers airsoft gun 6 mm bb pellets & ammo airsoft green gas, co2, propane, & oil airsoft battery charger & lipo chargers airsoft battery 8.4 9.6v nicad nihm lipo airsoft vests, apparel, masks, goggles airsoft goggles, helmets, & full masks apparel, masks, slings, holsters, vests airsoft rifle bags, back packs, & cases airsoft chrono, poster, target, periodic airsoft upgrades airsoft scopes mods airsoft pistol hand gun upgrades airsoft grenades, launchers, land mines airsoft laser, illuminator, flash lights internal airsoft electric aeg upgrades external airsoft gun aeg rifle upgrades airsoft silencers, tracers, flash hiders airsoft scopes, mounts, weaver rails airsoft press e-book tutorials & manuals paintball guns, barrels, & accessory paintball marker / paintball gun paintball air tanks co2 compressed air paintball hoppers, loaders, & magazines paintball barrels upgrade paintball harness, apparell, body armor paintball squeegee & swabs scrap yard used airsoft guns airsoft information airsoft gun safety definitions & illustrations batteries & chargers choosing the right bbs show me all... newly arrived a&k m4 m16 spr airsoft aeg gun rifle d2 $214.99 airsplat 11.1v 1600mah 25c lipo battery $34.99 ares hk g36 airsoft blowback aeg rifle $359.99 show me all... customer feedback britney b. from ca 11/30/10 my son just turned 13 and i promised him that i would buy him an airsoft that he wanted for his birthday. we finally found what he wanted and saw that it was from airsplat i'm surprised we didn't find this place sooner! the prices are lower than anywhere else we've looked and your the only place to have 24hr shipping. i'll be sure to let the other parents know about this place. i am honestly very impressed with the speed of shipping and the low price of all the products on your site. reagan f. from fl 10/30/10 my husband is obsessed with this sport. i can't believe how expensive these things are! luckily with a little help from google, i came across this site. you guys have the downright lowest prices on the internet. and you weren't joking about the only place to have warranty. thank god for that too, the gun came with some missing parts but you guys were able to send a replacement just in time for my husband's birthday. i'll be sure to let him know where i got him his new toys so he can keep coming back for more (as i'm sure he will!). jason b. from wa 10/10/10 after hearing all the bad things about airsplat, i'm glad i took the chance. my order arrived within 4 days after i placed it. everywhere else usually takes about a week or more. i was actually able to play on the same weekend i placed the order all thanks to the super fast shipping of you guys. i really appreciate it! plus, the bbs turned out to be very nice. probably one of the best bbs i've used to date. thanks airsplat, for your fast shipping and lowest prices. gerald p. from az 9/6/10 you guys are the best! i liked the what that the website is set up. navigating your way around the site is not difficult at all. pretty clear and enjoyable. i suggest airsplat all the time to my friends and people i meet when talking about airsoft stuff. :-) one of the things that has impressed me most about you guys, is that you are very prompt on getting the product to the customer. that means a lot to the customer, and it shows that you do not put the customer on the "back burner" so to speak, but rather you ship it out as soon as you possibly can. i have ordered airsoft products from other websites, and others took much to long for the small amount of things that i ordered. i did not feel respected or on their priority list at all. i was not happy with their service. but you guys... on the other hand... have been  very prompt on getting me the products i ordered. i respect that, and have since suggested you to many different people and friends. so thank you airsplat.com for putting your customers first, and treating them the way that they should be treated... with promptness, and respect. :-) brenda l. from ca 8/29/10 i would like to thank you for sponsoring the big event and appreciate all your support. we had a ton of fun. the mp's doing guard duty was just the iceing on the cake. i know the 2 vietnam vets that were on hand really did enjoy it as well.. i could see them smileing ear to ear while in the old troop transport. it's great that you give back to the community like that and makes me want to order from you guys again. davy f. from ut 8/05/10 i've been playing airsoft on and off for years and somehow i keep ending up at airsplat. you just have the best prices, fastest shipping, and you make airsofting so much easier. i especially love their super fast free shipping. i place the order, go on with my life and 3 days later it arrives on my door step. i just wanted to thank you for your help and service. airsoft wouldn't be what it is today with you a company like airsplat, i know i wouldn't be. cherrie c. from mt 7/16/10 i visited the warehouse in arcadia as i was planning a trip to show my family where i grew up. i was impressed with the politeness and how informed the employees i dealt with were. i will be sure to let fellow air soft players of your store and how pleased i was with the staff, on a scale of 5, you get 6!  thank you airsplat team. mary g from ms 6/03/10 i writing to you about my orders and the customer service that i received. your man, josh, in customer service saved the day for me and deserves a raise! my original order that was to have been a 2 day ship, went slow mail to a p.o. box( the billing address- not the address that i gave in the order.) these guns were used in a low budget film and had to arrive by a certain date. i spoke with josh and explained the problem and we sorted out how the change of address happened. he personally walked my second order through your system and got it out in record time. you saved the day and the order came just in time. i would give airsplat a 10 out of 5. brenda t from ca 5/20/10 thank you for your help and assistance with our account and current order through amazon. both john and josh were helpful and understanding. i appreciate the great customer service and look forward to ordering my boys more airsoft products through your company. anthony f from ar 4/2/10 my brand new jg g36-2 came a day early than scheduled, i'm sure it was because my order got processed so quickly from you guys. i am impressed with the mid-level aeg. it is solid, even for having a plastic-composite body. it has a nice weight to it, giving it a real-steel feel , without the price of an all metal. for the price of the gun, it is phenominal! i took the gun over to show some of my fellow players who have custom m4's and have been playing a good number of years. they were all impressed! i'd reccomend the gun to anyone, especially a for a first aeg for players new to the game, milsim, and cqb. thank you all so very much for offering what you do at the prices you do. i've been telling my friends to order from airsplat now. you guys have my undying grattitude for the service, selection, prices, and help that you've given me. just wanted to say thanks, and tell you guys you have another satisified and loyal customer. police lieutenant joe m. from il 2/21/10 in response to your survey, i would not change anything. i believe i spoke to john who took my order and made sure i received it the next day as it was needed for police training. i liked the personal service i received as john called me back after my order was placed and advised me that my change in shipping address was approved by my bank and that i would have my product the next day. i would give your company a 5 out of 5 and recommend you to all my friends and fellow police officers. aaron h from va 1/19/10 i just wanted to say that you all are the best company that i have ever spoken too in regards towards my airsoft needs and questions. i have been calling quite a bit because i have no clue on any good brands whatsoever and you guys have seriously put me in the best direction and your help is appreciated. to me you guys all are basically friends and i enjoy talking to all of you, you all make airsoft shopping a fun experience :). the help is awesome, i have heard that all of your guns are quality stuff and the customer service is all out awesome. keep up the awesome work. again i thank you and help and i look forward to buying again! denis v from tx 1/17/10 thank you for the all the help you've offered us. i have 4 boys. airsoft is a big hit with them and all their friends. it is such a big hit that it is being introduced into our church camp. it has given us an opportunity to show kids that church can be fun and lives get saved. great job airsplat. jesus saves....and so does airsplat!!! todd g. from il 1/7/10 i generally do not send these emails, but i must make an exception. i purchased an ak 47 about 3 months ago. we had a number of problems. each time the problem was resolved. the agent that assisted me the last two times was jonathan, he is a keeper. he patiently analyzed my problem (fuse burning issue) and sent me a replacement motor. not being very technically equipped, jon encouraged me though the whole process. he said that if i had a problem, give him a call and he would walk me through it. having jon to fall back on, it gave me the confidence to do the install myself. needless to say, the ak is as good as new! today, i called and spoke with jonathan. i told him that my son lost the butt cover from the ak 47. he said no problem, he would have a replacement sent today, at no cost! to jonathan and all airsplat peoples, keep up the excellent work. any company can sell a product. a superior company supports their product. krous family from wa 12/21/09 i just want to tell you what an incredibly pleasant experience we have had in ordering from your company. it's not often in this day and age when people not only exemplify customer service, but actually follow through. the gun has been as outstanding as the experience we have received so far from all of you. thanks so much! happy holidays to everyone. debgie b. from ca 12/4/09 you all deserve a bonus! i had a problem with a red dot scope i ordered with my well r6e and he was super nice and explained exactly what i needed to do. he was a great help! thank you! carlos f. from or 11/6/09 i have been very frustrated calling other airsoft companies for a week trying to get a battery charger for my airsoft rifle. they either are unhelpful and suggest making new purchases, or will tell me that i have to purchase a gun. i got my weapon and they told me i have to buy the gun to get the charger! how ridiculous. the customer service exceeded my expectations and because of this amazing customer support i will be making my purchases through airsplat only!!!!! i would like to give full recognition for being informative, knowledgeable about the products and giving me options. they were able to anticipate any issues i may have with charging my battery by asking the right questions. in my opinion… we need more customer service like this around the world! thank you! stacey j from ma 11/1/09 thank you airsplat for helping me expedite this process and for returning my e-mails quickly. once again thank you bro, this is my first time ordering anything online and your service rocks! god bless you and may you and the company have continued success! sincerely the j family col andrew s. from in 10/19/09 i would like to take a moment to say that i have had nothing but a good experience with the quality of merchandise that i have purchased from the airsplat team. i always review every piece of equipment that i buy very thoroughly and i have found that team airsplat's website always has the best and most accurate descriptions of its airsoft guns and accessories. i have never wanted or needed to return an item to airsplat. and their prices are always the most reasonable. i speak for both myself and the team when i say we can always count on airsplat for fast and reliable service and shipping. and that's what i personally like the most. on a scale of 1 to 5, i rate the airsoft team and their site with a solid 5 out of 5 and i recommend not just to my team, but to every serious airsofter that they checkout the airsplat site. i know that team chivalry and myself have been better equipped, and have more fun, and spend less time and money fixing faults in our equipment since we have been using airsplat. from my teem to yours. we all appreciate your business. alan e. from nj 9/17/09 i would just like to complement airsplat and their employees. when i received my order it wasn't quite what i wanted and it had a few problems so i sent an email and they quickly got back to me and got my rma process started. i sent in the gun and about a week later i got the new one. they are extremely helpful and very eager to help their customers. i would recommend airsplat to anyone that is looking for any airsoft equipment. rosesanna c from ca 8/21/09 delivery speed : 3 days order accuracy : 100% customer service : had no problems overall satisfaction : great service and products i bought a jg g36c and a bag of airsoft elite precision 0.20 gram bbs the jg g36c is a solid gun, very little complaints from there and would recommend the jg g36 series to any beginner to semi intermediate airsofters because of how well it works stock. andrew b from hi 7/1/09 i was absolutely all around impressed with your website and what it had to offer.now i would also love to add that not only is your website already cheaper than any other, and i have bought alot of stuff from other websites, but, i always get charged ridiculous amounts for shipping and it takes weeks to get to me. i paid $3.30 for shipping on your website and i ordered it on 6/24/2009 and got a knock on my door on 6/26/2009, wow!! unbelievable. the product showed up packaged with care and all the products were just like described and some better. i ordered two throat mics (awesome by the way), one pair of boots, (awesome fit and look) and one dboys scar in black (came in original packaging and looked, felt, and was all around great.) not only am i completely in love with the customer service, shipping and handling of your website, i'm completely in love with the website. i have already told 10 people i play with out here about your site and plan to tell 100 others. great job, please please keep up the good work... customer for life, michael j. from ab 5/19/09 great experience. your prices are unbelievable. i've heard many positive things online and from friends. it's great to now be one of those who can attest to that. thank you for the great service. david e. from wa 4/22/09 my son was very adamant about buying from airsplat. apparently all his friends bought from you. i admit, i was hesitant to go along with the hype. but after having dealt with your company, i now understand why you have so many loyal followers. you weren't kidding when you say nation's largest, you're like an amazon of airsoft, or walmart. prices are unbelievable once you start comparing. throw in the free shipping and it's a no-brainer. keep up the great work! joseph g from wy 3/5/09 everyone on my block loves airsplat! we have a team and we only buy from airsplat! you guys are the best! we compare prices and shipping all the time and every time you are the best priced and fastest shipping. ryan k. from co 2/28/09 you have great information on your site. after spending hours on your site just reading about airsoft i felt that i had the most trust in your company. jessica f. from fl 2/11/09 thank you! you have made my son's spring break. he was so excited to buy an airsoft gun and i told him to do his research. everyone kept saying airsplat, so we placed our order earlier this week. i'm so impressed with how quickly the order was shipped out and how professionally you have handled the order. a+!! michael r. from tx 1/20/09 i got my gun today and i love it! thank you for shipping it so quickly and having the best service. your prices are the best and i tell all my friends about airsplat. keep up the good work. page m from ca 12/10/08 i just want to say thanks for great customer service! i was getting jerked around by ups, who told me my shipment was lost this morning. your customer service personnel set up a 3-way call in which ups changed their story when she questioned them about a tracking entry that didn't make sense to her. suddenly my shipment was on a truck en route to me. as frustrated as i was, your customer service rep was kind, helpful, and professional to me, and very efficient and professional with ups. i will be a repeat customer! customer service is at least 50% of good business. oh, the items i ordered are great too, and the price was cheap. dave m from ny 12/01/08 i wanted to tell you how pleased i have been with your customer service. there was a problem in the web ordering in which the shipping changed from ups ground to ups overnight air. you corrected this problem for me quickly and with professionalism and i appreciate that. web dealers can sometimes be very difficult to deal with. you are the exception. neil p from pa 11/15/08 that's what customer service is all about. i really appreciate your prompt and professional response. i will be sure to inform all my friends that you are an excellent company that takes care of business the right way. thank you again and i looking forward to doing business with you again. joseph m. from tx 10/24/08 great vendor! i buy stuff from them on a regular basis for the past couple of years. along from several other online and store front shops. overall, i must say they are the most consistently best! they ship super fast, on par with big box retailers like target, walmart, amazon, etc. prices are the cheapest anywhere and they have a 110% price match guarantee. i used that feature once, worked great. in any case, in about 12 orders, one one of them had a back order and was shipped out the following week. but they were very good about sending me email updates. vince k from oh 9/22/08 thank you so much for the fast shipping and great response times to my emails. i will be coming back soon. i'm with you guys all the way!!! ryan k from va 8/13/08 i love you guys! everywhere is out of stock and you guys have everything in stock! it's great. i had 3 other orders with other companies that didn't ship, but you shipped it out the same day! you guys are the best! thank you for getting my order out so quickly and professionally. kevin g. from oh 7/03/08 i just want to say thanks for everything!! you guys really know what yall are doing when it comes to airsoft!! i'm telling everyone i know to buy from yall cuz you guys are by far the best people to buy from and i thank yall for that!!!! ryan w. from ca 7/03/08 the best smell in the world is that of a brand new aeg right out of the package, from airsplat.com. i received my package right on time, and was pleasantly surprised. i put the battery of my jg g36c aeg right on the charger. this gun is very powerful and extremely sturdy. it also has steel gears, which provide a nice sounding operation. thanks airsplat, you are the best. joey f. from ut 6/24/08 i would like to thank all the airsplat emplyees's they have helped me with every question i asked. the guns i bought were actually better than expected. better than any other airsoft store i have ever bought from. i will only buy from airsplat.com for any airsoft equipment that i need. caine h. from ca 6/15/08 i have been a customer of airsplat for over a year now and have never regretted it. i recently ordered a be styer aug electric, and i am very happy with it. all my friends are jealous and they told me that it looked like the real thing. i have used it every single time i've gone airsofting with my friends and it's been a blast. i had the ac/dc charger break, but my dad contacted you and got a new one in 4 days, which is awesome, because or original order arrived in 2 days. you guys rock, keep up the good work. thank you. jeff b. from mo 6/5/08 i just want to comment on how happy i am after my latest airsplat transaction. everything i asked for came on time which seems like a lot to ask for with many of the other online airsoft manufacturers out there. i really appreciate your services and i'll be sure to use airsplat for all of my airsoft purchases. thanks again! christian r from nv 5/15/08 the airsoft gun i ordered was backordered, but 2 days later you got some back in stock and shipped it immediately! it arrived fast and for a great price! my mom didn't want to pay $110 for the gun and she had worries something would go wrong, but all went well without a hitch. thank you again! i'll be back, for sure! bryan g from mo 5/5/08 i have dealt with a lot of the airsoft dealers on the internet and have found that none compare to the level of all around quality of airsplat. i just wanted to say how much i appreciate your attention to the details including customer service which is beyond what i am used to. thank you airsplat, for your efforts, you have earned a loyal customer. jennifer j. from fl 4/24/08 this is a great store. i love the gun, small and powerful. also very cheap! the shipping was incredibly fast. i was expecting 5 days, like on ebay, it was only 2 days. thank you so much for the item. i put the airspalt sticker on gun, don't stop giving them out. :-) daryl j from ut 4/18/08 you guys are awesome! you answer all of my emails and the shipping is extremely fast. i ordered a rifle with standard shipping on tuesday and got it thursday. i love this company, i have turned to this company for almost all of my airsoft needs. i am on a professional team as a designated marksman (soon to be sniper) and i find most of what i need on airsplat. as close to perfect service as you get, keep it up airsplat. mattchew c. from tn 4/4/08 this is matthew (member name: cplmatt) of smyrna, tn. i want to thank you and your company for awesome service and timing dave d from sd 3/28/08 first off let me say that your customer service is astounding! i reccomend you guys to anyone asking me where a good place to buy an airsoft gun. i recently ordered the well r-4 from you guys. the gun was a dream come true. i shot it, i loved it, i slept with it. thanks again for your outstanding work. julie m. from oh 3/21/08 i've been ordering from airsplat.com since i discovered airsoft. i've tried a few other sites like airsoftgi and redwolf. i've had to wait up to 3 buisiness days from airsoftgi just to ship the stuff. i would just like to thank all you at airsplat for making ordering stuff from the other side of the country much easier. your prices are the lowest i can find. i've never received a faulty product, and your processing is super fast, and of course you always have the new products and your customer service is wonderful. your a&k m249s are about 100 dollars cheaper than anywhere else, kirk r from tx 2/15/08 i would like to pass on my sincerest thanks and would also like to apologize for the tone of the email as i was out of line in laying all of my anxiety and anger at your feet, my brother was on his last mission into baghdad. i take back everything that i said about the airsoft industry as you have shown that you are more than capable of addressing the customer's concerns with prompt, efficient service in a manner that leaves the customer wanting for nothing. i can assure you that i will continue to do business with you in the future. thank you so much again, both for making my week and making my brother's return home that much more enjoyable. more feedback from 2006 - 2007 more feedback from 2004 - 2005 more feedback from 2001 - 2003 shopping cart 0 items $0.00 find us on: shoot us! (bookmark) as featured in: everyone on my block loves airsplat! we have a team and we only buy from airsplat! you guys are the best! we compare prices and shipping all the time and every time you are the best priced and fastest shipping. -joseph g from wy more testimonials read airsoftgun reviews los angeles' only airsoft exclusive indoor field looking for a mountain bike or beach cruiser? home seasons - seasonal decorations & decor authorized retailer of: uhc, softair, ics, classic army, kjw, hfc, we, olympic arms, systema, and more! home | log in| safe shopping | policy | help | about us all airsoft guns come with 6 mm blaze orange tip as required by federal law