来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230170721/http://www.airsplat.com/help.htm
================================================================================

help - airsplat.com - airsoft gun warehouse home| cart| log in | order status free shipping* on any order over $150 same day shipping! get it fast! airsoft tactical tac c-link tan j-rich m900 9v led f foregrip flashlight b (626) 539-3900 or(626) 851-8111m-f 9am-4pm pst specials discount airsoft guns & airsoft sale new airsoft guns & items recently back in stock guns | airsoft gun manufacturers a&k ae (airsoft elite) agm (airsoft gun manufacturer) airsoft gun rifle combo packages airsoft innovations airsoft publications periodicals airsplat aps & javelin airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft & king arms be (both elephant) boyi & cyma ca (classic army) condor outdoor & voodoo tactical de (double eagle) deep fire duratrax echo 1 usa & socom gear excel airsoft bb flashlights guarder & g&p guay guay g&g hfc (ho feng corp) ib (intellect battery) & sanyo battery ics (i chih shivan) & vfc (vega force) jg airsoft guns (jing gong gb) jls kjw (kuan ju works) kwa ksc leapers utg mad bull airosft magpul nc star soft air cyber gun & palco src kwc stti y&p systema tag (tactical airsoft gear) tm (tokyo marui), we, & win gun uhc (unicorn hobby corp) umarex walther v-force goggles well bell galaxy | airsoft gun styles 1911 airsoft pistol airsoft apparel airsoft grenades grenade launcher mines airsoft maintenance & accesories airsoft safety apparel airsoft shotgun airsoft sniper rifles airsoft tactical gear ak47 ak74 ak airsoft gun desert eagle airsoft g18 g19 airsoft guns g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles hi capa airsoft gun hk 416 airsoft rifle l85 airsoft rifle m14 sniper rifle m16 ar airsoft rifle m249 m60 airsoft support rifle m4 airsoft rifle long m4 airsoft rifle short m9 m92 airsoft pistol mac11 uzi mp7 airsoft misc airsoft pistol misc airsoft rifle mp5 airsoft rifle p90 airsoft gun p99 airsoft pistol performance upgrade revolver airsoft guns ruger airsoft pistol scar airsoft aeg rifles scope magnifying scope non-magnifying sig sauer airsoft guns steyr aug airsoft rifle tommy gun airsoft usp p8 airsoft pistols xm8 airsoft rifles | airsoft university general airsoft info airsoft gun safety airsoft guns for kids toy guns and airsoft guns airsoft bbs airsoft definition gas airsoft gun instructions trouble shooting & fixes airsoft guns airsoft gun maintenance airsoft batteries airsoft review & videos airsplat on demand inside the mechbox airsoft upgrade videos airsoft gun reviews maxsplat airsoft training videos airsoft tactics & strategy gameplay milsim - paintball & airsoft scenario paintball airsoft tactics & strategies airsoft tactics gear selection other airsoft resources airsoft fields, states, forums airsoft owner's manuals airsoft guns in hollywood airsoft video games airsplat philanthropy support our troops support airsoft community | why buy from airsplat? categories airsoft spring pistol spring airsoft gun spring airsoft rifles & sniper rifles spring airsoft shotguns spring airsoft rifles spring airsoft sniper rifles gas airsoft pistols & airsoft gas guns gas airsoft non-blowback pistols airsoft gas blowback pistols gas airsoft rifles & gas airsoft guns gas airsoft smg rifles & compact rifle gas airsoft rifles & gas shotguns gas airsoft sniper rifles entry & middle level airsoft rifle aeg mini electric airsoft guns mini airsoft entry level electric airsoft rifle lpeg middle electric airsoft rifle plastic middle electric airsoft rifle mpeg metal electric airsoft rifle aeg guns rifles ics src airsoft elite airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft aeg umarex gun rifles classic army airsoft rifle armalite aeg systema ptw celcius ctw deep fire vfc guay guay g&g aeg airsoft electric guns kwa airsoft rifles ksc aeg electric aeg magpul airsoft rifle king arms aeg rifle airsplat custom airsoft rifles & aeg gun airsoft gun magazines (spring, gas, aeg) spring airsoft gun pistol magazine clips spring airsoft rifle gun magazines clips gas airsoft gun pistol magazines gas airsoft rifle gun magazines aeg electric airsoft gun magazines clips airsoft magazine accessories airsoft bbs airsoft ammunition bb ammo bb speedloaders, 6mm paintball, targets 0.12g high precision 6mm airsoft bbs 0.2g & 0.23g airsoft bbs 6mm precsion 0.25g+ airsoft bb 6mm 0.28g+ airsoft bbs airsoft gas, co2, batteries, & chargers airsoft green gas, co2, propane adapters airsoft lube, lubricant, silicone oil airsoft battery charger & lipo chargers airsoft battery 8.4 9.6v nicad nihm lipo airsoft vests, apparel, masks, goggles airsoft mask, goggles & shooting glasses helmet, face scarves, veils, & caps tactical gloves, shooter gloves, & boots airsoft chrono, poster, target, periodic apparel, bdu, slings, holsters, vests airsoft rifle bags, back packs, & cases airsoft grenades, laser, light, & scopes airsoft grenades, launchers, land mines airsoft laser, illuminator, flash lights airsoft scope mounts, rings & rails airsoft magnified scopes & reflex sights internal airsoft electric aeg upgrades airsoft press e-book tutorials & manuals aeg air seal nozzle (metal & plastic) aeg piston, cylinder, piston head aeg upgrade spring & spring guide rod aeg gear box, mech box, full tune up kit aeg gears, bushings, motor, tappet plate airsoft aeg tightbore upgrade barrel external airsoft gun aeg rifle upgrades airsoft pistol hand gun upgrades airsoft ris rail upgrades & barrel rear stocks, grips, & ris grips bipods, sights, metal bodies, & misc airsoft silencers, tracers, flash hiders paintball guns, barrels, & accessory paintball marker / paintball gun paintball air tanks co2 compressed air paintball hoppers, loaders, & magazines paintball barrels upgrade paintball harness, apparel, body armor paintball squeegee & swabs scrap yard boneyard used airsoft guns airsoft sniper reviews well mb05 awm aps2 airsoft sniper rifle g&g gr25 spr airsoft electric gun rifle kjw m700 take down airsoft gas rifle jg snow wolf m99 airsoft aeg rifle sw02 utg l96 awp spring airsoft sniper rifle show me all... new airsoft guns! kjw kp08 1911 airsoft gas blowback gun $116.99 airsoft tactical grimloc d-ring $4.99 we g17 airsoft gas blowback gun pistol $99.99 show me all... frequently asked questions what is a default shipping address? help learn about our on-line shop pricing and discount payment options our returns policy tracking your order wish list what is a default credit card? can i change the expiry date of a credit card in my list? can you use prepaid gift cards on your website? can i have more than one billing address? can i have more than one shipping address? why does it charge me for shipping when your website says free shipping? how can i add a shipping address to my address list? can i delete an address from my	address list? how do i make changes to an address in my list? how do i check the status of my order? how do i cancel an order? what are these extra $1 charges on my credit card statement? as a registered customer, what are my other benefits? i already have an account with you. do i need to register myself again on your web store? can i place an order without	registering my account? how can i place an order without using my credit card? what should i do if i forget my password? how come it won't let me add the item to my cart? how do i view a friend's wish list? how do i access wish list? how do i create a wish list? how to allow other users to access your wish list? how to allow invitees to ship to other addresses? how to hide purchase from invitees? what is current wish list? what is a default shipping address? you may have specified more than one shipping address in your account information. the default shipping address is the address to which your order will be shipped unless you select another shipping address for this order. please note that we will ship to the billing address only of the default credit card being used what is a default credit card? you may have specified more than one credit card in your account information. the default credit card is the card that will be charged with the value of your order unless you select another credit card to be charged for this order. can i change the expiry date of a credit card in my list? yes. to update credit card information, click on account info. click on credit card details button in the account info page. select the card from the list and click on update credit card button. can you use prepaid gift cards on your website? yes you can! please first register your billing address with the number on the back of the gift card. please call us at 626-539-3900 and we will be more than happy to place the order for you. can i have more than one billing address? no. you cannot have more than one billing address. but you can change your billing address by editing it. can i have more than one shipping address? yes! we ask that all customers shipping to an address other than the billing address notify their credit card company of the alternate shipping address. this is becoming standard procedure and credit card companies are happy to assist you. simply call your credit card company and let them know you are placing orders via the internet and would like to give them an alternate shipping address. doing this will speed up the order proces. please note that when our fraud prevention department checks an order and the shipping address is not listed with your credit card provider, the order will be automatically shipped to the billing address. no exceptions. order must be placed by phone or else we will not know you are shipping to alternate shipping address. ***also please note that all orders placed over the website will go to the billing address only. top of page why does it charge me for shipping when your website says free shipping? please use coupon code of freeshipping on your order. your order will automatically be updated. only handling fees will apply. please note that only one coupon code can be used per order. how can i add a shipping address to my address list? please give us a call at 626-539-3900 and we will be more than happy to add the address to your account. currently, new addresses cannot be added online. please make sure to add the address as an alternate shipping address to you bank account as well in order for us to ship there. please note that all orders placed over the website will go to the billing address only. can i delete an address from my address list? no. you cannot delete any address but you could change it by editing it. why do i have to select a tax zone with my billing address the taxes on your order depend on the tax zone that you belong to. you must select the tax zone that your billing address falls in for this purpose. how do i make changes to an address in my list? to edit an address, click on account info. the details of your account are displayed. click on the edit button below the address that has to be changed. how do i check the status of my order? to check the status of an order, click on the order status link. if you know your order number and the type of transaction (orders, quotations or return orders), enter it and click on the submit button. to view multiple orders, enter the purchase order number if provided by you or select the display type from the drop-down list and specify the desired period. all the orders you have placed with us (both through the web and through other means) are listed. click on the order number whose status you want to check. the order details are displayed along with the tracking numbers for the shipments made. how do i cancel an order? please give us a call right away or send an email to sales@airsplat.com please type in cancel order # ______ is the subject. we will do our best to cancel this order for you. we do our best to ship orders as quickly as possible so be sure to let us know as soon as you can! top of page what are these extra $1 charges on my credit card statement? when a card is charged an authorization will first be placed to verify the validity of a debit/credit card. these charges will disapear on theirown usually between 3-5 business days. what are the benefits of registration? as a registered customer, you become entitled to special discount schemes and promotional pricing offers. these schemes would become available to you not only on orders you place at our web store but also to orders through other channels. i already have an account with you. do i need to register myself again on your web store? no. if you already have an account with us, contact our customer service; they will give you your login name and password. you can login and then change your password. can i place an order without registering my account? before you place an order with us, you must register with us. we understand how valuable your time is and our registration has been designed to take up not more than a few minutes of your time. once you have registered with us, you need not give your address and credit card details on future visits to our shop. this will save you the trouble of entering this information on every purchase you make from us. how can i place an order without using my credit card? there are other payment options available at the online shop using which you can place an order. select the option most suitable to you in the "payment method" area while creating an order. for example if you wish to pay by check, select this option to create the order. you may send your check to our address by quoting your order number. if you need any further assistance, please contact our customer service department. top of page what should i do if i forget my password? if you are a registered user and have forgotten your password, go to the login page and simply type in your login name or your default e-mail address under "i am a registered user but forgot my password" and click on submit. we will send your password to your default e-mail address. pricing and discount the price for each and every item on our online store has been carefully decided to make sure that you get the best deal in town. we also offer huge discounts on almost all the listed items for both guest users and registered customers. of course, to get a better discounted price you must be a registered customer. payment options we accept visa, mastercard, paypal and check. if paying by check or paypal, please call in to place your order and we will provide further details. if you need any further assistance, please contact our customer service department. our returns policy our returns policy is specified in the terms of sale. tracking your order click on the order status link provided in the services menu. if you know your order number and the type of transaction (orders, quotations or return orders), enter it and click on the submit button. to view multiple orders, enter the purchase order number if provided by you or select the display type from the drop-down list and specify the desired period. all the orders you have placed with us (both through the web and through other means) are listed. click on the order number whose status you want to check. the order details are displayed along with the tracking numbers for the shipments made. to track the shipment, you must go to the web site of the shipping carrier. top of page how come it won't let me add the item to my cart? this means this specific item is currently out of stock. please call or email info@airsplat.com for further information regarding alternates or when the item should be back in. we apologize for any inconvenience. how do i view a friend's wish list? enter the first name or last name or event name or email address or period of event date of your friend or family member in the search box to find their wish list. you will see the search results of the wish list search. how do i access wish list? if access code is provided for the wish list, then it leads to invitee validation page, else it shows the items within the wish list. enter the email address and access code to see the items in the wish list. after validating the email and access code, items in that wish list are displayed. how do i create a wish list? click on the wish list link. to create a wish list you must be a registered user. if you already have an account, then login to the store. after logging in, you can create a new wish list by filling the required details and can make it your current wish list by selecting the option provided on the page. when you find a product that you want to add to your wish list, click on the "add to wish list" link. all the items added will be added to the current wish list. how to allow other users to access your wish list? while you create wish list, you have the option to make your created wish list accessible by other users or not. if you want your wish list to be accessible by any user, select option "allow any user to access wish list" else leave it unchecked. if your wish list is not accessible to all, you can set access code to make it accessible to your invitees. the invitees can use the access code set by you to access your wish list. how to allow invitees to ship to other addresses? when you create your wish list, simply check the option "allow invitees to ship to other addresses". this will allow the invitees to add a new shipping address while creating their orders and also ship the purchased items to that address. how to hide purchase from invitees? to hide the quantity of items in your wish list that has been already been purchased select the option "hide purchase from invitees". the invitee will only be able to view the items and its price in your wish list, once the invitee accesses it through the access code provided by you. what is current wish list? current wish list is the default wish list created by you. any items that you wish to add to the wish list will be added to this current wish list by default. if you want to choose any other wish list as your current wish list, click on the wish list link in the right hand side menu to get a list of all your wish lists. here check the appropriate radio button and click on "make current" button to make the selection your current wish list. top of page shopping cart 0 items $0.00 find us on: shoot us! (bookmark) as featured in: everyone on my block loves airsplat! we have a team and we only buy from airsplat! you guys are the best! we compare prices and shipping all the time and every time you are the best priced and fastest shipping. -joseph g from wy more testimonials read airsoftgun reviews los angeles' only airsoft exclusive indoor field looking for a mountain bike or beach cruiser? home seasons - seasonal decorations & decor authorized retailer of: uhc, softair, ics, classic army, kjw, hfc, we, olympic arms, systema, and more! home | log in| safe shopping | policy | order help & faq | about us all airsoft guns come with 6 mm blaze orange tip as required by federal law