来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121218181821/http://www.airsplat.com/teams.htm
================================================================================

airsoft teams - airsoft team resource by airsplat - airsplat.com - airsoft gun warehouse home| cart| log in | order status nation's largest airsoft retailer free shipping* orders over $89 no sales tax! nationwide! & ships today!! cyma mp5sd6 airsoft ebb aeg gun cm049sd6 kwa kriss vector air soft gas gbb gun (626) 539-3900 or(626) 851-8111 m-f 9am-4pm pst new & holiday sales holiday shopping guide discount airsoft guns & airsoft sale new airsoft guns & items recently back in stock guns thor's day weekly specials | airsoft university general airsoft info airsoft gun safety airsoft guns for kids toy guns and airsoft guns airsoft shopping gift guide airsoft bbs airsoft definition gas airsoft gun instructions trouble shooting & fixes airsoft guns airsoft gun maintenance airsoft batteries airsplat team member profiles airsoft review & videos airsplat on demand inside the mechbox airsoft upgrade videos airsoft gun reviews maxsplat airsoft training videos airsoft tactics & strategy gameplay milsim - paintball & airsoft scenario paintball airsoft tactics & strategies airsoft tactics gear selection other airsoft resources airsoft fields, states, forums airsoft owner's manuals airsoft guns in hollywood airsoft video games airsplat philanthropy support our troops support airsoft community upcoming airsoft games & events | 5 unbeatable guarantees! | shipping & return policy | stores | why buy airsplat search (2+ fields required) search by category search by category airsplat signature bundles & packagesairsoft sniper marksman bundlesairsoft support & assault bundlesairsoft close quarter battle cqb bundlesairsoft gas spring pistol bundlesairsoft tactical protection acc bundlesholiday special combo kits bundlesairsoft age specific experience bundlesairsoft aeg internal upgrade bundlesspring airsoft pistolsspring airsoft rifles & sniper riflesspring airsoft shotgunsspring airsoft riflesspring airsoft sniper riflesgas airsoft pistolsgreen gas airsoft non-blowback pistolsco2 gas airsoft non-blowback pistolsgreen gas airsoft blowback pistolsco2 gas airsoft blowback pistolsgas airsoft rifles & sniper riflesgas airsoft smg rifles & compact riflegas airsoft rifles & gas shotgunsgas airsoft sniper riflesentry & middle level airsoft rifle aegmini electric airsoft guns mini airsoftentry level electric airsoft rifle lpegmiddle electric airsoft rifle plasticmiddle electric airsoft rifle mpeg metalelectric airsoft rifle aeg guns riflesclassic army sportline airsoft aeg rifleg&g sportline airsoft aeg gun riflesics sportline airsoft aeg riflesrc sportline airsoft aeg rifleares airsoft aeg umarex gun riflesaps & javelins airsoft aeg gun riflesecho1 & socom gear airsoft aeg riflesclassic army airsoft rifle armalite aegguay guay g&g aeg airsoft electric gunsics airsoft elite airsoft rifle aegkwa airsoft rifles ksc aeg electric aegmagpul airsoft rifle king arms aeg riflesystema ptw celcius ctw deep fire vfcairsplat custom airsoft rifles & aeg gunairsoft gun magazines (spring, gas, aeg)spring airsoft gun pistol magazine clipsspring airsoft rifle gun magazines clipsgas airsoft gun pistol magazinesgas airsoft rifle gun magazinesaeg electric airsoft gun magazines clipsairsoft magazine pouches & accessoriesairsoft bb & airsoft ammo (0.12g - 0.3g)bb speedloaders, 6mm paintball, targets0.12g high precision 6mm airsoft bbs0.2g & 0.23g airsoft bbs 6mm precsion0.25g+ airsoft bb 6mm 0.28g+ airsoft bbsairsoft gas, co2, batteries, & chargersairsoft green gas, co2, propane adaptersairsoft lube, lubricant, silicone oilairsoft battery charger & lipo chargersairsoft battery 8.4 9.6v nicad nihm lipoairsoft vests, apparel, masks, gogglesairsoft face veil, scarf, & capsairsoft mask, goggles, helmets & glassesairsoft tactical vests & plate carriersjackets, ghillie suits, t-shirts, bduairsoft tactical belts & gun holstersairsoft slings, rifle bags, cases, packstactical gloves, boots, & padsairsoft chrono, poster, patches, ticketsairsoft grenades, laser, light, & scopesairsoft grenades, launchers, land minesairsoft laser, illuminator, flash lightsairsoft scope mounts, rings & railsairsoft magnified scopes & reflex sightsinternal upgrades airsoft aegairsoft press e-book tutorials & manualsaeg air seal nozzle (metal & plastic)aeg piston, cylinder, piston headaeg upgrade spring & spring guide rodaeg gear box, mech box, full tune up kitaeg gears, bushings, motor, tappet plateairsoft aeg tightbore upgrade barrelexternal upgrades airsoft gunsairsoft pistol hand gun upgradesairsoft ris rail upgrades & barrelrear stocks, grips, & ris gripsbipods, sights, metal bodies, & miscairsoft silencers, tracers, flash hiderspaintball guns, barrels, & accessorypaintball marker / paintball gunpaintball air tanks co2 compressed airpaintball hoppers, loaders, & magazinespaintball barrels upgradepaintball harness, apparel, body armorpaintball squeegee & swabsscrap yard & close out airsoft gun itemsscrap yard boneyard used airsoft gunsclose out discontinued airsoft gun itemszombie & halloween airsoft decorationspre-order & special order airsoft items search by manufacturer a&k ae (airsoft elite) agm (airsoft gun manufacturer) aim sports airsoft gun rifle combo packages airsoft innovations airsoft publications periodicals airsplat aps & javelin airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft & king arms boyi & cyma ca (classic army) condor outdoor de (double eagle) deep fire echo 1 usa & socom gear excel airsoft bb flashlights guarder g&p & element guay guay g&g hfc (ho feng corp) ib (intellect battery) & sanyo battery ics (i chih shivan) & vfc (vega force) jg airsoft guns (jing gong gb) jls kjw (kuan ju works) kwa ksc leapers utg mad bull airosft magpul maxpedition mrc & kong power nc star s&t armament soft air cyber gun & palco src kwc stti y&p systema tag (tactical airsoft gear) tm (tokyo marui) we & win gun uhc (unicorn hobby corp) umarex walther v-force goggles valken tactical voodoo tactical search by styles 1911 airsoft pistol airsoft face full protection mask airsoft face lower mask goggle glasses airsoft hats jackets boots & gloves airsoft helmets veils scarves multi wrap airsoft launchers grenades mines airsoft molle vests pouches & equipment airsoft shotgun airsoft sniper rifles airsoft tactical bags & gun cases ak47 ak74 ak airsoft gun combat uniform bdu acu camo pants shirt desert eagle airsoft g18 g19 airsoft guns g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles hi capa airsoft gun hk 416 airsoft rifle l85 airsoft rifle m14 sniper rifle m16 ar airsoft rifle m249 m60 mk43 lmg airsoft support rifle m4 airsoft rifle long m4 airsoft rifle short m9 m92 airsoft pistol mac11 uzi mp7 airsoft maintenance & accesories for airsoft misc airsoft pistol misc airsoft rifle mp5 airsoft rifle p90 ks90 airsoft gun p99 airsoft pistol performance upgrade revolver airsoft guns ruger airsoft pistol scar mk16 airsoft aeg rifles scope magnifying scope non-magnifying sig sauer airsoft guns steyr aug airsoft rifle tactical accessories & misc. items tactical holsters vests pads & slings tommy gun airsoft usp p8 airsoft pistols xm8 airsoft rifles search by price $0 - $25 $25 - $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $200 $200 - $400 $400 and above or try advanced search pick your mission cqb - close quarter cqb - apparel, optics, & acc sniper - long range sniper - apparel, optics, & acc field - field skirmish field - apparel, optics, & acc support - artillery support - apparel, & acc gun manufacturers all manufacturers a&k ae (airsoft elite) agm (airsoft gun manufacturer) aim sports airsoft gun rifle combo packages airsoft innovations airsoft publications periodicals airsplat aps & javelin airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft & king arms boyi & cyma ca (classic army) condor outdoor de (double eagle) deep fire echo 1 usa & socom gear excel airsoft bb flashlights guarder g&p & element guay guay g&g hfc (ho feng corp) ib (intellect battery) & sanyo battery ics (i chih shivan) & vfc (vega force) jg airsoft guns (jing gong gb) jls kjw (kuan ju works) kwa ksc leapers utg mad bull airosft magpul maxpedition mrc & kong power nc star s&t armament soft air cyber gun & palco src kwc stti y&p systema tag (tactical airsoft gear) tm (tokyo marui) we & win gun uhc (unicorn hobby corp) umarex walther v-force goggles valken tactical voodoo tactical airsoft gun styles all styles airsoft pistol desert eagle airsoft g18 g19 airsoft guns hi capa airsoft gun revolver airsoft gun sig sauer airsoft gun mac11 uzi mp7 1911 airsoft pistol m9 m92 airsoft pistol misc airsoft pistol p99 airsoft pistol ruger airsoft pistol usp p8 airsoft pistol airsoft rifles ak47 ak74 ak airsoft gun p90 ks90 airsoft gun airsoft shotgun airsoft sniper rifles g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles hk 416 airsoft rifle l85 airsoft rifle m16 ar airsoft rifle m249 m60 mk43 lmg airsoft support rifle misc airsoft rifle mp5 airsoft rifle scar airsoft aeg rifles steyr aug airsoft rifle xm8 airsoft rifles m14 sniper rifles m4 airsoft rifle long m4 airsoft rifle short tommy gun airsoft upgrades, apparel & safety gear combat uniform bdu acu camo pants shirt airsoft full face protection mask airsoft lower face mask goggles & glasses airsoft helmets veils scarves multi wrap airsoft hats jackets boots & gloves tactical holsters vests pads & slings airsoft molle vests pouches & molle gear airsoft bags & gun cases tactical accessories & misc items airsoft grenades grenade launcher mines scope magnifying scope non-magnifying performance upgrade airsoft gun categories airsplat signature bundles & packages airsoft sniper marksman bundles airsoft support & assault bundles airsoft close quarter battle cqb bundles airsoft gas spring pistol bundles airsoft tactical protection acc bundles holiday special combo kits bundles airsoft age specific experience bundles airsoft aeg internal upgrade bundles spring airsoft pistols spring airsoft rifles & sniper rifles spring airsoft shotguns spring airsoft rifles spring airsoft sniper rifles gas airsoft pistols green gas airsoft non-blowback pistols co2 gas airsoft non-blowback pistols green gas airsoft blowback pistols co2 gas airsoft blowback pistols gas airsoft rifles & sniper rifles gas airsoft smg rifles & compact rifle gas airsoft rifles & gas shotguns gas airsoft sniper rifles entry & middle level airsoft rifle aeg mini electric airsoft guns mini airsoft entry level electric airsoft rifle lpeg middle electric airsoft rifle plastic middle electric airsoft rifle mpeg metal electric airsoft rifle aeg guns rifles classic army sportline airsoft aeg rifle g&g sportline airsoft aeg gun rifles ics sportline airsoft aeg rifle src sportline airsoft aeg rifle ares airsoft aeg umarex gun rifles aps & javelins airsoft aeg gun rifles echo1 & socom gear airsoft aeg rifles classic army airsoft rifle armalite aeg guay guay g&g aeg airsoft electric guns ics airsoft elite airsoft rifle aeg kwa airsoft rifles ksc aeg electric aeg magpul airsoft rifle king arms aeg rifle systema ptw celcius ctw deep fire vfc airsplat custom airsoft rifles & aeg gun airsoft gun magazines (spring, gas, aeg) spring airsoft gun pistol magazine clips spring airsoft rifle gun magazines clips gas airsoft gun pistol magazines gas airsoft rifle gun magazines aeg electric airsoft gun magazines clips airsoft magazine pouches & accessories airsoft bb & airsoft ammo (0.12g - 0.3g) bb speedloaders, 6mm paintball, targets 0.12g high precision 6mm airsoft bbs 0.2g & 0.23g airsoft bbs 6mm precsion 0.25g+ airsoft bb 6mm 0.28g+ airsoft bbs airsoft gas, co2, batteries, & chargers airsoft green gas, co2, propane adapters airsoft lube, lubricant, silicone oil airsoft battery charger & lipo chargers airsoft battery 8.4 9.6v nicad nihm lipo airsoft vests, apparel, masks, goggles airsoft face veil, scarf, & caps airsoft mask, goggles, helmets & glasses airsoft tactical vests & plate carriers jackets, ghillie suits, t-shirts, bdu airsoft tactical belts & gun holsters airsoft slings, rifle bags, cases, packs tactical gloves, boots, & pads airsoft chrono, poster, patches, tickets airsoft grenades, laser, light, & scopes airsoft grenades, launchers, land mines airsoft laser, illuminator, flash lights airsoft scope mounts, rings & rails airsoft magnified scopes & reflex sights internal upgrades airsoft aeg airsoft press e-book tutorials & manuals aeg air seal nozzle (metal & plastic) aeg piston, cylinder, piston head aeg upgrade spring & spring guide rod aeg gear box, mech box, full tune up kit aeg gears, bushings, motor, tappet plate airsoft aeg tightbore upgrade barrel external upgrades airsoft guns airsoft pistol hand gun upgrades airsoft ris rail upgrades & barrel rear stocks, grips, & ris grips bipods, sights, metal bodies, & misc airsoft silencers, tracers, flash hiders paintball guns, barrels, & accessory paintball marker / paintball gun paintball air tanks co2 compressed air paintball hoppers, loaders, & magazines paintball barrels upgrade paintball harness, apparel, body armor paintball squeegee & swabs scrap yard & close out airsoft gun items scrap yard boneyard used airsoft guns close out discontinued airsoft gun items zombie & halloween airsoft decorations pre-order & special order airsoft items airsoft guns for gamers battlefield 3 battlefield 2: bad company call of duty 4: modern warfare 2 combat arms grand theft auto iv call of duty: world at war tom clancy's rainbow six: las vegas 2 show me all... newly arrived we p228 metal gas blowback airsoft gun $94.99 airsoft tactical folding forward grip bk $8.99 high noon airsoft tactical target kit $23.99 show me all... home airsoft university other airsoft resources airsoft state team, fields, & resource airsoft teams state map airsoft fields airsoft forums airsoft news airsoft teams teams website description alabama american airsoft association forum for discussion of airsoft and airsoft events in alabama, the region, and the world alaska kenai peninsula airsoft association the kenai peninsula airsoft association is a group of individuals passionate about the sport of airsoft and dedicated to expanding the sport. our aim is to promote airsoft as a fun and safe sport on the kenai peninsula and provide new players with guidance to become well rounded participants in airsoft. in addition the kenai peninsula airsoft association is proud to uphold four key virtues in airsoft: play with honor, work as a team, be safe, and have fun. airsoft alaska airsoft alaska is the oldest organized group of airsoft players in the state of alaska. we are now comprised of several team and groups that meet, communicate and play under the airsoft alaska banner. arizona nw arkansas airsoft the place for airsoft players in nw arkansas, sw missouri, & ne oklahoma. airsoft arizona dedicated to promoting airsoft throughout arizona arizona military simulation operations group we are a group of individuals who enjoy the sport of airsoft through military simulation. our base of operation is located in tucson arizona but do have members throughout our great state of arizona. amsog uses real world tactics and training. arizona mil sim operations group we are a group of individuals who enjoy the sport of airsoft through military simulation. our base of operation is located in tucson arizona but do have members throughout our great state of arizona. peoria airsoft team team of 12 players with bi-weekly games. looking for dedicated airsofters and newcomers to join the team arkansas north western arkansas airsoft this is "the" place for airsoft operators and players alike to come together in arkansas and the surrounding states. we promote the use of military simulation tactics, equipment and uniforms in a safe and structured game environment, while having fun in doing so. california marine corps historical association tomorrow's generation will never know the sacrifices. remember always- teach it to your children, never forget, your friends, brothers, those that come before, and those that serve on--semper fi! santa cruz airsoft militia we are a santa cruz area based team that is dedicated to having fun and growing the sport of airsoft. we have weekly games as well as midweek training sessions in the spring and summer. team poppy, 3d force recon poppy portrays the men of 3d force recon in vietnam. we participate in airsoft and blank-fire reenactments, at parades, as movie-extras, and more. the team meets once a month for target shooting and field training. we're currently looking for dedicated members. blackrain international currently, we have about 15 active members, and several on probation. we focus our playing style on a milsim mind-set, and are always on the look out for like minded players. as our team continues to grow, were are looking into establish a junior division. dark wolf airsoft team dwast an airsoft team based in california. hatchet force formed in 2002, hatchet force is much like it’s original counterpart. we chose the name because it was never really an official u.s. military unit, but mainly operators from varying backgrounds who would put together, train, and lead combat team. orange-soft forums an airsoft team based in california. razorback airsoft assault division welcome to the official web site of the razorback airsoft assualt division. throughout this web site you will find useful information ranging from socal airsoft rules to videos, a photo gallery, where to skirmish, and a great articals section. socal airsoft an airsoft team based in california. shadow stealth 03 mstt a mil sim tactica team based in california. truckee airsoft league contact point for airsoft in the sierra nevada seal team: 619 an airsoft team based in california. 858 airsoft events at mr. paintball - escondido ca airsoft centurions we play airsoft throughout northern california and beyond. based primarily out of the san francisco bay area, we often frequent modesto airsoft, sequoia airsoft, and other bay area locations. airsoft reenactors group bay area & central valley california airsoft mil-sim  battle reenactment group. specializing in vietnam era and modern conflict impressions. airforce gamers alliance we are a group of airsofters located north of california bay area , mostly from san jose. we are not a competitive group, therefore we do not accept any challenges, or any kind of 'team battle'. team baash an airsoft team based in california. bay area airsoft league our goal is the unification of all the bay area's airsoft team while increasing public awareness of our sport. cimmerians the cimmerians is a non-profit group organized for the purpose of performing mil-sim [military simulatoin - realistic historical combat re-enactment], and educating the public about military history using airsoft field equipment. combat enterprises combat enterprises is an airsoft scenario game production company. our products include the finest airsoft scenario events, public fields, and exciting videos. combat enterprises the coasg is a statewide organization dedicated to the furthering and bettering of the sport of airsoft in colorado.  the coasg host regular games that range from small pickup games, to large operations, to re-enactments, and even competitions. diamond corps diamond corps focus is on the promotion and enjoyment of airsoft. we are interested in tactical unity, and teamwork. fresno airsoft a regional site with a schedule of mountain & valley airsoft events, plus a forum fallschirmjägerbataillon 241 [kdo241] an airsoft team based in california. giant airsoft giant airsoft is a hub for 6 of the top outdoor airsoft fields in southern california. location in los angeles, chino, brona, victoriaville, costa masa and sandiego. hagibis airsoft squad an airsoft team based in california. hatchet force formed in 2002, hatchet force is much like it’s original counterpart. we chose the name because it was never really an official u.s. military unit, but mainly operators from varying backgrounds who would put together, train, and lead combat team. kern airsoft community an airsoft team based in california. mike force airsoft group an airsoft team based in california. airsoft allied strike force airsoft allied strike force will never claim to be the best, will always play with respect, and most of all, will host scenarios that everyone will enjoy. we play with our motto always in mind, “honor, discipline, integrity & respect”. good gaming! last stand last stand formed in 2005 by a group of guys who frequented j&t military surplus in riverside. from there we slowly added members who fit in with our group of friends. we are a group of friends who met playing airsoft. nsat airsoft sog an airsoft team based in california. sac airsoft sacramento airsoft is a loose-knit group of players who get together & play often socal airsoft southern california airsoft leagues taskforce20 the team was founded in fresno, ca in 2003. since then, the team has continuously reinvented itself to perform above the level set by other top-rank team. our goal is to raise the standards by which tactical team operate. war dogs an airsoft team based in california. team socom socom is a national airsoft team comprised of prior current and future service personnel of all branches of the us military dedicated to maintaining constant state of readiness with private fields and central command located in northern california. we train as a tactical combat force on us special operations tactics disciplines and load-outs. serious milsim team! canada airsoft canada an airsoft team based in canada. vancouver island airsoft we are a non profit club, and any money we do generate threw events and large game days goes back into the field we play on. colorado colorado milsim he rocky mountain regions premiere airsoft game and event hosting company. code red airsoft team homepage for the denver-based code red airsoft team. airsoft colorado usa airsoft was formed in 2007 by casey meraz, robert daihl, and tom allred as a 501c-3- pending charitable organization. tactical assault clan welcome to the tactical assault clan [tac] website. we are an airsoft team based in colorado springs, co. we are a very active team and practice almost daily. connecticut filforce airsoft forum filforce is one of the biggest teams in the northeast united states with more than 150 members in new york, new jersey, connecticut, pennsylvania, massachusetts, maryland, new hampshire and virginia. while its membership base is predominantly filipino and filipino-american, filforce also boasts of members who are of chinese, nigerian and korean descent. florida black cobra airsoft black cobra airsoft was created by a few friends with a dream to have a successful airsoft team, they didn't expect to create one of the most dominant team in central/southern florida. the black cobras consist of six guys who have played together for five years. south florida airsoft an airsoft team based in florida. crs airsoft team an airsoft team based in florida. florida airsoft florida airsoft (fa) began as a small, dedicated group of simulation gaming enthusiasts, which participate in military simulation gaming. florida airsoft regional hub for dedicated simulation gaming enthusiasts.  the members of florida airsoft participate and share information here about games and events that center on providing a fun and realistic experience, all the while paying close attention to safety. florida airsoft an airsoft team based in florida. south florida airsoft league we are a community of airsofters who live and play  southern florida. we accept all ages into the league, unlike most others, as long as the members are mature and serious about the sport. airsoft tactical assault group of outgoing loyal to the cause people over 18 years old. we are out to have fun with honesty and the thirst for blood. looking for new members with the same interest. there is a tactical dress code. guns are available. fire team chaos we are a bunch of youngsters looking for some realistic fun. im am ssgt.bryan adams aka “bloody fox.” our team is split into 2 fire team, alpha and bravo. both team are full, but we are open to new recruits and people every day. scorched earth mercenaries – [sem] airsoft team sem is a tightly knit group of friends who enjoy the military simulation and teamwork that is incorporated into airsoft in general. team delta 1 we are an elite airsoft team, located in north central florida. georgia team blackjack team blackjack is an airsoft team, operating out of the atlanta, georgia area. we do have members hailing from nearly all of the states surrounding georgia however. up in smoke airsoft group u.i.s. is made up of airsoft hobbyists in the c.s.r.a. most players are firmiliar with military tactics and weapons. the players meet on average every other weekend to play and discuss airsoft middle georgia airsoft middle georgia airsoft or mga for short was founded by david plunk in early january 2006. the original members of mga have been playing airsoft way before the team ever came to. team mantis if you are looking for some challenging woodland airsoft action this is the place to get it! come play at the team mantis field in dahlonega,ga - established january 2010. idaho mike force irregulars an airsoft team based in idaho. illinois mango tangos we have +6 years of airsofting experience with physically and mentally fit members 2 are in varsity football and 1 in varsity vollyball-. we have very good airsoft guns pretty much echo 1 and utg-for the tournaments in our area. airsoft illinois a central illinois airsoft community! midwest airsofters a regional website for information on airsoft activities throughout the midwest. midwest airsofters is not a replacement for any event holders, retailers, or organization. its designed to help blanket all of these types of entities and help promote airsoft. river rats the elgin city river rats is a private group of tactical combat re-enactors based in chicago land.  our membership is comprised of more than forty individuals from diverse walks of life who share a passion for airsoft. midwest airsoft guerrillas midwest airsoft guerrillas is a portable production & promotions group, modeled after such guerrilla film making production companies as gorehound inc, we will travel to any field and make any area approved for usage suitable for airsoft. chicago egg heads midwest airsoft guerrillas is a portable production & promotions group, modeled after such guerrilla film making production companies as gorehound inc, we will travel to any field and make any area approved for usage suitable for airsoft. wwii airsoft association the ww2aa was formed in the spring of 2003 when it was apparent that both local airsofters and wwii re-enactors were interested in playing wwii themed scenarios using airsoft weapons. indiana indiana airsoft association i.a.a. an airsoft team based in indiana. nw indiana airsoft a north west indiana based airsoft team that's looking to recruit new players in the area. includes details about the team and contact information. hells rangers hell's rangers is a smalltown based airsoft team. we have 5 members and are looking to expand. anyone can join our team but you got to take airsoft seriously and obey the rules. we don't go to much events but we make our own games. iowa airsoft iowa an airsoft team based in iowa. kansas airsoft wichita an airsoft team based in kansas. johnson county airsoft corp an airsoft team from johnson county maryland dogs of war cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war! dow was founded by ricky lane reaper- and alex burnett raiden- in april 2007. since then we have become the most unusual team out there. we have an obsession with drum magazines and soviet death charges. massachusetts green mountain rangers the green mountain rangers gmr- are an airsoft unit with members from the new england states plus new york. the gmr comprises ex-military and civilian unit members. michigan michigan airsoft okay so you probably hate our site cause we never update it or put new pics, but we are still very active. somebody just joined the team that has some idea what they are doing with webpages and we are completey starting over so please deal with this crapp team liberty an airsoft team based in michigan. minnesota minnesota airsoft association an airsoft team based in minnesota. nebraska ranger assault team's airsoft group we are in to win. nevada the desert wolves we move like a pack... we hunt like a pack... we strike like a pack. based in las vegas, nevada; the desert wolves specialize in desert/guerrilla tactics to achieve victory over their prey. though they are a small pack, these wolves have no problem baring. southern nevada airsoft association a las vegas-based site for the hardcore private airsoft contractors team. new hampshire hooksett’s 1st division 7th cavalry we are a group of 14 guys who love the game of airsoft.we were founded in september of 2008 by matt ladieu and keenan labonte.we try to play as much as we can and we take airsoft very seriously but we still keep it fun! new jersey eagle squadron airsoft unit an airsoft team based in new jersey. et paintball an airsoft team based in new jersey. recon 6 we are a group of airsofters in northern new jersey.we have been playing for several years and have all gatthered very good experience, and collected a decent amount of gear. south jersey airsoft an airsoft team based in new jersey. new york airsoft new york an airsoft team based in new york. western new york airsoft an airsoft team based in new york. filforce a large airsoft team based in new york city hosting monthly games detailed on their web forum. north carolina 1nc tactical division the 1st nc tacial division is a program of the airsoft team 1st nc located in north carolina. the tactical division concentrates on military professionalism and excellence through the study of four essential military studies for the milsim oriented team. the m&ms militia an airsoft team based in north carolina. shadowstep airsoft team ssat- this team has been created to honor the men and women that gave their lives for this country and for those who are protecting you as you read this right now. piedmont triad airsoft team task force 16 was formed in 2006 as one of the premier airsoft team in central north carolina. based out of winston salem, the team has members from all over north carolina, ranging from cary to concord. the airsoft soldier an airsoft team based in north carolina. north carolina avengers the avengers are a milsim team and they utilize military rank and structure along with various training techniques based off of military/law enforcement. ohio 101st airborne - g company a team based in the xenia, kettering, dayton area. airsoft ohio an airsoft team based in ohio. 6mm militia founded in 2002, the 6mm militia is a mid-west based airsoft team. the team was founded by a handful of lazy, drunk friends who wanted to go out and shoot something. 101st airborne - ez company a central ohio team based in the columbus. new philadelphia airsoft assoc we are new philadelphia airsoft association. we sponser and faciliate airsoft events around the new philadelphia metro. our members include men and women over the age of 13. our goal is to have fun while being safe and creating the best experience we can provide for next to nothing. all are welcom all the time! team valor airsoft an airsoft team based out of columbus. oregon 3rd recon marines this is an airsoft team based in hermiston, oregon. airsoft pacific strike team the airsoft pacific strike team apst- is an all adult,mil-sim airsoft team based in portland oregon. we’ve been parcipating in the local airsoft community here in oregon since 2002. first and foremost, we play the game. 104th s.a.r.s. an airsoft team based in oregon. airsoft pacific league welcome to airsoft pacific, the premier airsoft community for oregon and the pacific northwest. we are a mil-sim based community for discussion, promotion, and organization of airsoft events and games. airsoft pacific league airsoft pacific started as a place where airsoft enthusiasts local to oregon could gather to discuss events, equipment, team, competition, and much more about our local airsoft scene. pennsylvania north east pennsylvania airsoft welcome to nepa airsoft. we are a group of airsofters from various teams that are here for one goal. to make the local community stronger than ever in the sport we love! airsoft arsenal airsoft arsenal is an airsoft team based out of york, pa.  we are completely dedicated to the sport of airsoft.  if you have any questions please feel free to contact me, just click on the contact botton.  if you are just visiting please sign the gestbook rhode island coventry airsoft coventry airsoft team comprised of 15 memebers. website includes forums, video reviews, team roster, and general airsoft information. south carolina palmetto guard airsoft mil-sim oriented team for the sc low country, we play all over the southeast, but mostly in sc and nc.players must be at least 18 to join w.d.l. western defense legion-mauldin airsoft team we as a team started playing airsoft in late 2005. it was mostly against other unorganized bands of players on local fields. finally, we discovered the scaasouth carolina airsoft association- and heard about the large scale games they had. tennessee airsoft tn an airsoft team based in tennessee. texas north american republican army the infantry and the liberators.  every new recruit will be enlisted into the infantry to begin with and then if they are good enough they will be asked to join the liberators.  the liberators are our special forces unit. never die airsoft field located on intersection of hughes road and euless grapevine road in grapevine, texas san antonio airsoft community san antonio airsoft community! we are committed to providing safe and legal airsoft opportunities for those in the san antonio area. section 7 airsoft team welcome to the section 7 airsoft team home page. we are a group of guys who like to play airsoft. black lightning new team, we airsoft a lot but aren’t the best in the world. no age restriction, no previous skill required. have a gun and goggles you’re good to go. volts-blacklightning.webs.com abilene airsoft abiline's first official airsoft community task force echo welcome to task force echo located in the north texas area. lone star airsoft an airsoft team based in texas. quincy regional airsoft team we promote a fun and safe airsoft experience. check out our website to learn more about airsoft in the quincy, il area. san antonio airsoft we established our business to provide you the airsoft player with quality airsoft products and tactical gear at an affordable price. we also can upgrade and repair most airsoft guns and pistols. team excessive force tef was formed by law enforcement officers to give us a team that we would feel comfortable on. since many of these folks were also former military, we expanded to include military personnel, and eventually started granting special invitations brothers in arms this is a website dedicated to our airsoft team brothers in arms. we are just getting started and are located out of austin, texas. east coast airsoft forum an airsoft team based in texas. 1st special forces airsoft operation command hq this organization was first started in syracuse, ny. in the early 1980’s by a 12 man  dedicated paintball team consisting of former and current members of special forces and rangers. utah b.o.e we are a milsim team, with 24 members. we live on tactics and making the fight as close to the real deal as we can. we are sponsored by the u.s army and a squad normally come and play/train with us during our games. frontline command airsoft! an airsoft team based in utah. vermont vermont airsoft community an airsoft team based in vermont. virginia 457th airsoft riflery division this is a team that will be based on a real military experience, along with just having fun shooting each other. we consist of around 10 players; one currntly living in oklahoma. we are really into the sport of airsoft, just lacking the time and supplies. washington delta seven we are mature players but do play with some younger softers. we usually play every sunday near port angeles. team sharkey, 3d force recon sharkey portrays the men of 3d force recon in vietnam. the team meets once a month for field training, live fire exercises, and tactical battles. we're currently looking for dedicated members. kamikaze airsoft we are team oriented and work together to accomplish our goal. we distribute the amount of authority through rank. 1st recon platoon we are an airsoft team that consists of around 24 individuals who play regularly at various locations in vancouver, battleground, and ridgefield, washington. forest venom 1st infantry division a casual team organized through facebook. we usually have battles every weekend on saturday. so far all of our members are teenagers, so adults might feel somewhat out of place. 1st division green berets we're a airsoft team from washington. we came together by just likeing to play airsoft and thought we'd make a team. orc vitiaz we are a russian spetznaz milsim team rhodesian raiders airsoft club a collaboration of players from different organizations, the rhodesian raiders is a group of airsoft enthusiasts headquartered in the seattle area. phantom force - airsoft forum an airsoft team based in washington. spokane airsoft rangers an airsoft team based in washington. 1st-sword 1st-sword is an airsoft team that is dedicated to hosting professional, well-organized events in the pacific northwest with an unwavering commitment to safety and fun for everyone. wisconsin task force steel horse sas task force steel horse- is a very unique airsoft team in wisconsin, we require a lot from our members. we are very demanding on respect, integrity and time for training and meetings. we are strict on following orders and have a military backbone. 2nd rangers we reenact as 2nd rangers 5th battalion 2nd division company c airsoft battle zone an airsoft team based in wisconsin. echo squadron this is the home of the 227th sas regimental airsoft team - echo squadron. this southeastern wisconsin team was created as a fictional element of the british army ba- special air services sas-. 2nd rangers ww2 combat team we reenact as 2nd rangers 5th battalion 2nd division company c. sun prairie elite airsoft regiment we are a team based out of sun prairie wisconsin. we are now 5 members strong. stealth specialist team s.s.t. is composed of only snipers and scouts. we are a recon team that is made to work alongside other teams to provide hard to find information that most teams are not able to get, as well as taking out important personnel on the opposing force. nemesis project the team is based on stealth and accuracy. while most team play the common infantry style our team uses scouting and sniping to get the job done. 814th sniper recon you will not see us, you will hear us but when you do. it will be to late you will be dead. iron cross elite the mission of iron cross elite is to honorably and tactically engage enemy combatants, close with the enemy by means of fire, maneuver to defeat or capture the enemy, or repel enemy assault. wisconsin airsoft association we are a not-for-profit, non-stock corporation organized in the state of wisconsin to promote the growth of the sport of airsoft in the state. wisconsin airsoft home of the wisconsin airsoft exposition, madison airsoft and the team cwc forum wolf recon airsoft team wolf recon's initial beginnings in early 2006 involved us taking on the role of a platoon. wyoming death dealers welcome to the death dealers airsoft team. we are a airsoft group from eastern wyoming. our team consists of members from wheatland, guernsey, fort laramie, lingle and torrington wyoming. we meet and play whenever the work schedule and weather permit. cheyenne airsoft tactics squad (c.a.t.s.) we are an airsoft team out of cheyenne wy that plays airsoft and milsim events whenever weather and work schedules permit. team recon commando we are an elite airsoft team who want to be the best in airsoft. we are currently training our new members and getting ready for some upcoming competitions. are we missing something? email us at comments@airsplat.com to have it addded. shopping cart 0 items $0.00 find us on: shoot us! (bookmark) 28,513,984 guns shipped since 2001! as featured in: we love airsplat!we have an airsoft team and we only buy from airsplat! you guys are the best! we compare prices and shipping all the time and every time you are the best priced and fastest shipping. -joseph g from wy more testimonials read airsoft gun reviews los angeles' only airsoft exclusive indoor field looking for a mountain bike or beach cruiser? home seasons - seasonal decorations & decor authorized retailer of: uhc, softair, ics, classic army, kjw, hfc, we, olympic arms, systema, and more! home | log in| safe shopping | shipping policy | return policy | order help & faq | about us all airsoft guns come with 6 mm blaze orange tip as required by federal law