来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121218181821/http://www.airsplat.com/feedback.htm
================================================================================

customer feedback and testimonials - nation's largest airsoft gun retailer - customer feedback and testimonials - airsplat.com - airsoft gun warehouse home| cart| log in | order status nation's largest airsoft retailer free shipping* orders over $89 no sales tax! nationwide! & ships today!! airsoft full face t8 00 wire mesh mask airsoft tactical sni per boonie hat acu (626) 539-3900 or(626) 851-8111 m-f 9am-4pm pst new guns & specials discount airsoft guns & on sale new airsoft guns recently back in stock guns thor's day weekly specials | airsoft university general airsoft info airsoft gun safety airsoft guns for kids toy guns and airsoft guns airsoft shopping gift guide airsoft bbs airsoft definition gas airsoft gun instructions trouble shooting & fixes airsoft guns airsoft gun maintenance airsoft batteries airsplat team member profiles airsoft review & videos airsplat on demand inside the mechbox airsoft upgrade videos airsoft gun reviews maxsplat airsoft training videos airsoft tactics & strategy gameplay milsim - paintball & airsoft scenario paintball airsoft tactics & strategies airsoft tactics gear selection other airsoft resources airsoft fields, states, forums airsoft owner's manuals airsoft guns in hollywood airsoft video games airsplat philanthropy support our troops support airsoft community upcoming airsoft games & events | 5 unbeatable guarantees! | shipping & return policy | stores | why buy airsplat search (2+ fields required) search by category search by category airsplat signature bundles & packagesairsoft sniper marksman bundlesairsoft support & assault bundlesairsoft close quarter battle cqb bundlesairsoft gas spring pistol bundlesairsoft tactical protection acc bundlesholiday special combo kits bundlesairsoft age specific experience bundlesairsoft aeg internal upgrade bundlesspring airsoft pistolsspring airsoft rifles & sniper riflesspring airsoft shotgunsspring airsoft riflesspring airsoft sniper riflesgas airsoft pistolsgreen gas airsoft non-blowback pistolsco2 gas airsoft non-blowback pistolsgreen gas airsoft blowback pistolsco2 gas airsoft blowback pistolsgas airsoft rifles & sniper riflesgas airsoft smg rifles & compact riflegas airsoft rifles & gas shotgunsgas airsoft sniper riflesentry & middle level airsoft rifle aegmini electric airsoft guns mini airsoftentry level electric airsoft rifle lpegmiddle electric airsoft rifle plasticmiddle electric airsoft rifle mpeg metalelectric airsoft rifle aeg guns riflesclassic army sportline airsoft aeg rifleg&g sportline airsoft aeg gun riflesics sportline airsoft aeg riflesrc sportline airsoft aeg rifleares airsoft aeg umarex gun riflesaps & javelins airsoft aeg gun riflesecho1 & socom gear airsoft aeg riflesclassic army airsoft rifle armalite aegguay guay g&g aeg airsoft electric gunsics airsoft elite airsoft rifle aegkwa airsoft rifles ksc aeg electric aegmagpul airsoft rifle king arms aeg riflesystema ptw celcius ctw deep fire vfcairsplat custom airsoft rifles & aeg gunairsoft gun magazines (spring, gas, aeg)spring airsoft gun pistol magazine clipsspring airsoft rifle gun magazines clipsgas airsoft gun pistol magazinesgas airsoft rifle gun magazinesaeg electric airsoft gun magazines clipsairsoft magazine pouches & accessoriesairsoft bb & airsoft ammo (0.12g - 0.3g)bb speedloaders, 6mm paintball, targets0.12g high precision 6mm airsoft bbs0.2g & 0.23g airsoft bbs 6mm precsion0.25g+ airsoft bb 6mm 0.28g+ airsoft bbsairsoft gas, co2, batteries, & chargersairsoft green gas, co2, propane adaptersairsoft lube, lubricant, silicone oilairsoft battery charger & lipo chargersairsoft battery 8.4 9.6v nicad nihm lipoairsoft vests, apparel, masks, gogglesairsoft face veil, scarf, & capsairsoft mask, goggles, helmets & glassesairsoft tactical vests & plate carriersjackets, ghillie suits, t-shirts, bduairsoft tactical belts & gun holstersairsoft slings, rifle bags, cases, packstactical gloves, boots, & padsairsoft chrono, poster, patches, ticketsairsoft grenades, laser, light, & scopesairsoft grenades, launchers, land minesairsoft laser, illuminator, flash lightsairsoft scope mounts, rings & railsairsoft magnified scopes & reflex sightsinternal upgrades airsoft aegairsoft press e-book tutorials & manualsaeg air seal nozzle (metal & plastic)aeg piston, cylinder, piston headaeg upgrade spring & spring guide rodaeg gear box, mech box, full tune up kitaeg gears, bushings, motor, tappet plateairsoft aeg tightbore upgrade barrelexternal upgrades airsoft gunsairsoft pistol hand gun upgradesairsoft ris rail upgrades & barrelrear stocks, grips, & ris gripsbipods, sights, metal bodies, & miscairsoft silencers, tracers, flash hiderspaintball guns, barrels, & accessorypaintball marker / paintball gunpaintball air tanks co2 compressed airpaintball hoppers, loaders, & magazinespaintball barrels upgradepaintball harness, apparel, body armorpaintball squeegee & swabsscrap yard & close out airsoft gun itemsscrap yard boneyard used airsoft gunsclose out discontinued airsoft gun itemszombie & halloween airsoft decorationspre-order & special order airsoft items search by manufacturer a&k ae (airsoft elite) agm (airsoft gun manufacturer) aim sports airsoft gun rifle combo packages airsoft innovations airsoft publications periodicals airsplat aps & javelin airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft & king arms boyi & cyma ca (classic army) condor outdoor de (double eagle) decorations and zombies deep fire echo 1 usa & socom gear excel airsoft bb flashlights guarder g&p & element guay guay g&g hfc (ho feng corp) ib (intellect battery) & sanyo battery ics (i chih shivan) & vfc (vega force) jg airsoft guns (jing gong gb) jls kjw (kuan ju works) kwa ksc leapers utg mad bull airosft magpul maxpedition mrc & kong power nc star polarstar airsoft s&t armament soft air cyber gun & palco src kwc stti y&p systema tag (tactical airsoft gear) tm (tokyo marui) we & win gun uhc (unicorn hobby corp) umarex walther v-force goggles valken tactical voodoo tactical well bell galaxy zan headgears & face mask zombie industries & high noon targets search by styles 1911 airsoft pistol airsoft face full protection mask airsoft face lower mask goggle glasses airsoft hats jackets boots & gloves airsoft helmets veils scarves multi wrap airsoft launchers grenades mines airsoft molle vests pouches & equipment airsoft shotgun airsoft sniper rifles airsoft tactical bags & gun cases ak47 ak74 ak airsoft gun combat uniform bdu acu camo pants shirt desert eagle airsoft g18 g19 airsoft guns g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles hi capa airsoft gun hk 416 airsoft rifle l85 airsoft rifle m14 sniper rifle m16 ar airsoft rifle m249 m60 mk43 lmg airsoft support rifle m4 airsoft rifle long m4 airsoft rifle short m4 m16 airsoft gun accessories & upgrade m9 m92 airsoft pistol mac11 uzi mp7 airsoft maintenance & accesories for airsoft misc airsoft pistol misc airsoft rifle mp5 airsoft rifle p90 ks90 airsoft gun p99 airsoft pistol performance upgrade revolver airsoft guns ruger airsoft pistol scar mk16 airsoft aeg rifles scope magnifying scope non-magnifying sig sauer airsoft guns steyr aug airsoft rifle tactical accessories & misc. items tactical holsters vests pads & slings tommy gun airsoft usp p8 airsoft pistols search by price $0 - $25 $25 - $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $200 $200 - $400 $400 and above or try advanced search pick your mission cqb - close quarter cqb - apparel, optics, & acc sniper - long range sniper - apparel, optics, & acc field - field skirmish field - apparel, optics, & acc support - artillery support - apparel, & acc gun manufacturers all manufacturers a&k ae (airsoft elite) agm (airsoft gun manufacturer) aim sports airsoft gun rifle combo packages airsoft innovations airsoft publications periodicals airsplat aps & javelin airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft & king arms boyi & cyma ca (classic army) condor outdoor de (double eagle) decorations and zombies deep fire echo 1 usa & socom gear excel airsoft bb flashlights guarder g&p & element guay guay g&g hfc (ho feng corp) ib (intellect battery) & sanyo battery ics (i chih shivan) & vfc (vega force) jg airsoft guns (jing gong gb) jls kjw (kuan ju works) kwa ksc leapers utg mad bull airosft magpul maxpedition mrc & kong power nc star polarstar airsoft s&t armament soft air cyber gun & palco src kwc stti y&p systema tag (tactical airsoft gear) tm (tokyo marui) we & win gun uhc (unicorn hobby corp) umarex walther v-force goggles valken tactical voodoo tactical well bell galaxy zan headgears & face mask zombie industries & high noon targets airsoft gun styles all styles airsoft pistol 1911 airsoft pistol desert eagle airsoft g18 g19 airsoft guns hi capa airsoft gun m9 m92 airsoft pistol mac11 uzi mp7 p99 airsoft pistol revolver airsoft gun ruger airsoft pistol sig sauer airsoft gun usp p8 airsoft pistol misc airsoft pistol airsoft rifles ak47 ak74 ak airsoft gun g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles hk 416 airsoft rifle l85 airsoft rifle m14 sniper rifles m16 ar airsoft rifle m4 airsoft rifle short m4 airsoft rifle long m249 m60 mk43 lmg support rifle mp5 airsoft rifle p90 ks90 airsoft gun airsoft shotgun scar airsoft aeg rifles airsoft sniper rifles steyr aug airsoft rifle tommy gun airsoft xm8 airsoft rifles misc airsoft rifle upgrades, apparel & safety gear combat uniform bdu acu camo pants shirt airsoft full face protection mask airsoft lower face mask goggles & glasses airsoft helmets veils scarves multi wrap airsoft hats jackets boots & gloves tactical holsters vests pads & slings airsoft molle vests pouches & molle gear airsoft bags & gun cases tactical acc & misc items airsoft grenades grenade launcher mines scope magnifying scope non-magnifying performance upgrade airsoft gun categories airsplat signature bundles & packages airsoft sniper marksman bundles airsoft support & assault bundles airsoft close quarter battle cqb bundles airsoft gas spring pistol bundles airsoft tactical protection acc bundles holiday special combo kits bundles airsoft age specific experience bundles airsoft aeg internal upgrade bundles spring airsoft pistols spring airsoft rifles & sniper rifles spring airsoft shotguns spring airsoft rifles spring airsoft sniper rifles gas airsoft pistols green gas airsoft non-blowback pistols co2 gas airsoft non-blowback pistols green gas airsoft blowback pistols co2 gas airsoft blowback pistols gas airsoft rifles & sniper rifles gas airsoft smg rifles & compact rifle gas airsoft rifles & gas shotguns gas airsoft sniper rifles entry & middle level airsoft rifle aeg mini electric airsoft guns mini airsoft entry level electric airsoft rifle lpeg middle electric airsoft rifle plastic middle electric airsoft rifle mpeg metal electric airsoft rifle aeg guns rifles classic army sportline airsoft aeg rifle g&g sportline airsoft aeg gun rifles ics sportline airsoft aeg rifle src sportline airsoft aeg rifle ares airsoft aeg umarex gun rifles aps & javelins airsoft aeg gun rifles echo1 & socom gear airsoft aeg rifles classic army airsoft rifle armalite aeg guay guay g&g aeg airsoft electric guns ics airsoft elite airsoft rifle aeg kwa airsoft rifles ksc aeg electric aeg magpul airsoft rifle king arms aeg rifle systema ptw celcius ctw deep fire vfc airsplat custom airsoft rifles & aeg gun airsoft gun magazines (spring, gas, aeg) spring airsoft gun pistol magazine clips spring airsoft rifle gun magazines clips gas airsoft gun pistol magazines gas airsoft rifle gun magazines aeg electric airsoft gun magazines clips airsoft magazine pouches & accessories airsoft bb & airsoft ammo (0.12g - 0.3g) bb speedloaders, 6mm paintball, targets 0.12g high precision 6mm airsoft bbs 0.2g & 0.23g airsoft bbs 6mm precsion 0.25g+ airsoft bb 6mm 0.28g+ airsoft bbs airsoft gas, co2, batteries, & chargers airsoft green gas, co2, propane adapters airsoft lube, lubricant, silicone oil airsoft battery charger & lipo chargers airsoft battery 8.4 9.6v nicad nihm lipo airsoft vests, apparel, masks, goggles airsoft face veil, scarf, & caps airsoft mask, goggles, helmets & glasses airsoft tactical vests & plate carriers jackets, ghillie suits, t-shirts, bdu airsoft tactical belts & gun holsters airsoft slings, rifle bags, cases, packs tactical gloves, boots, & pads airsoft chrono, poster, patches, tickets airsoft grenades, laser, light, & scopes airsoft grenades, launchers, land mines airsoft laser, illuminator, flash lights airsoft scope mounts, rings & rails airsoft magnified scopes & reflex sights internal upgrades airsoft aeg airsoft press e-book tutorials & manuals aeg air seal nozzle (metal & plastic) aeg piston, cylinder, piston head aeg upgrade spring & spring guide rod aeg gear box, mech box, full tune up kit aeg gears, bushings, motor, tappet plate airsoft aeg tightbore upgrade barrel external upgrades airsoft guns airsoft pistol hand gun upgrades airsoft ris rail upgrades & barrel rear stocks, grips, & ris grips bipods, sights, metal bodies, & misc airsoft silencers, tracers, flash hiders paintball guns, barrels, & accessory paintball marker / paintball gun paintball air tanks co2 compressed air paintball hoppers, loaders, & magazines paintball barrels upgrade paintball harness, apparel, body armor paintball squeegee & swabs scrap yard & close out airsoft gun items scrap yard boneyard used airsoft guns close out discontinued airsoft gun items zombie & halloween airsoft decorations pre-order & special order airsoft items airsplat on demand lancer tactical m4 cqbr mk18 airsoft gun kjw 1911 metal gas blowback airsoft gun jg m4 sir airsoft aeg rifle metal 6613m javelin m24 airsoft spring sniper rifle g&g m4 gr4 100y ebb airsoft aeg rifle show me all... newly arrived ncstar airsoft tactical children vest tn $34.99 airsoft tactical combat vest chest rig b $34.99 airsoft full face templar gold face mask $89.99 show me all... reviews of airsplat & customer testimonials since 2001! what people say about airsplat on google reviews from google+ seller rating: 4.5/5: based on 3,249 reviews what people are saying: shipping: "fast shipping, easy to use site." price: "overall pricing very good and easy to find products." customer service: "great selection, great service, great prices." selection: "good site & good selection." ordering process: "overall our transaction with airsplat.com was good." just got a a&k m60e4. love it!!!! - jul 11, 2012 - bizrate was pretty easy to go thru the website and order my items. by abel h. - jul 15, 2012 - shopper approved thanks! always a great experience by daniel a. - jul 10, 2012 - shopper approved this site is awesome!!! best prices! by scott j. - jul 9, 2012 - shopper approved best price i could find on a rifle! - jul 9, 2012 - bizrate score: 27 / 30 - 103 google reviews cathy watkins 4 weeks ago quality 3 / 3 appeal 2 / 3 service 3 / 3 i love airsplat, they are the best online store for anything airsoft. .... george ramirez 2 weeks ago quality 3 / 3 appeal 2 / 3 service 3 / 3 best place to buy airsoft guns and stuff. my first order was $300 and everything was in great condition and came super fast. i even got free bbs and stickers melvin mitchell 4 weeks ago quality 3 / 3 appeal 3 / 3 service 3 / 3 best online airsoft in the world!! their prices are amazing and service is top notch austin awender a 4 weeks ago quality 3 / 3 appeal 2 / 3 service 3 / 3 fast shipping and good prices. josh bates 3 months ago quality 3 / 3 these guys have excellent service. immediate answers to all my email questions. they offer a great return and exchange policy. liked: service, value customer testimonials alex d. from tn 12/15 this is the best airsoft place ever to buy from! they have everything you want and more! everyone should buy from here and really a minigun omg! buying that!!! justine s. from wa 12/9/12 great website filled with tons of information, a beginner can really understand how to get into this sport, and great questions and answers. i definitely recommend to any level of airsoft player! glenn m. from ca 12/6/12 i just want to say kudos on the jackpot box! i received it in short order after placing the order, it arrived in good shape, and i was really expecting to get the beretta storm (odds were in favor of that), but instead got the ics ak47. the order was for my son's christmas present, and i just have to say thanks, that really exceeded my expectations! after a good look through the workings of it, i'm extremely pleased with the purchase. i went ahead and made a second order today for a deep fire m4. we'll be looking forward to hitting the field with these in a month or so. and i will definitely be looking for another jackpot to order, the next time i'm in the market for another gun. it was a lot of fun for me to open it (surprised, to be sure) and know that it was a really good deal for me, and knowing my kid will get a lot of quality use out of itâ€¦ you guys are awesome! bryant m. from fl 11/26/12 i had been placing an order and put in wrong promo code, but your service rep, abi, was very courteous and helped straighten out something that was actually my mistake. i've been very impressed with your quality of products, usefulness of your reviews, and your service. i mainly use your products for adjunct to live firearms training, and for safe force on force training, and have been pleased in the past as well as now. i will use you again, and will recommend you to others. thanks! mark s. from wa 11/2/12 dear airsplat, i just wanted to let you know that although i didn't go to your grand opening in seattle, however, i went there last week and bought a g&g m4 carbine and the young lady working there treated me with great customer service! since then i've been back twice, once to buy bbs and to leave my au 3g for an inner barrel upgrade. again, i was treated with top notch customer service from your staff there. they're very friendly and helpful! there are a couple of other places that sell airsoft products in tacoma, but their customer service is attrocious and their prices of their airsoft guns are 100% over inflated. i'm glad you guys decided to set up shop here in seattle and i can speak for many airsoft enthusiasts up here in the northwest. i will be visiting your store on a monthly basis. thanks again, airsplat! dean g. from de 10/12/12 i writing pertaining to my last order i have placed in the past with your company has been outstanding!!! your company is the only one to have the product that i have been purchasing from you from day one since searching what i was looking for. your website came up and bingo there was what i was looking for. i did look at other links but your website only carried what i wanted. to say would i recommend other-well my friend ask me to order for them. that's why i have a large quantity in all my orders. so in conclusion i will love to keep doing business with your company and i hope you'll never run out of supply or discontinue the product that i have been ordering from you. thank you so kindly and having to suit my request in google search for the product i was specially looking for! rick e. from mi 9/7/12 i particularly liked the airsoft university feature of your website. it is very informative, with much valuable information. perfect for teaching my grandson the ropes of "airsoft". i also appreciated the very fast service and delivery of my order, (it was a gift for my grandsons birthday). the play field and arena locator is another feature that i really found useful. it helped my daughter and i find airsoft play fields/arenas to take my grandson to. we found some fields in the area where they live that we were previously unaware of. thank you for being such a great company all around! trena c. from wv 8/25/12 your customer service is wonderful! i always dread having to return something and airsplat made it hassle free! it was the easiest return/exchange i have ever had. and trust meâ€¦i shop a lot! you guys are the best hands down in this industry! tristan e. from oh 8/10/12 you can absolutely get props for dirt cheap prices. shipment came on time, customer service was exceptional! my shipping address didn't match my billing address and they were able to help me find an alternate way to make the order by recommending me the visa gift card to make my order! john s. from fl 7/20/12 i must say that airsplat is one of the top sellers in airsoft, no other competition! they have the best customer service, products, and prices, i will definitely return to make more purchases and refer my friends and family. thank you airsplat for being the best! kyle r. from ca 7/5/12 this is the only website i purchase my airsoft equipment. airsplat is number one in my book! i have bought four weapons on airsplat and all i can say is great delivery and wonderful customer service! no company can beat the price of airsplat's guns and accessories! also i just want to say thank you! clint w. from il 6/29/12 i heard a lot of good things about airsplat's customer service and airsoft selection. so i gave them a try and i was very impressed! i have found my new airsoft gear supplier! very reliable and on time with shipping! ian r. from pa 6/15/12 awesome website to find rare airsoft items that other retail sites don't carry. i've bought from airsplat before and the product is top quality! prices are incredibly low for almost every item! terry l. from tx 5/10/12 airsplat is the greatest online website for sure! i have bought other airsoft items from this website and this is the only site i will go to for the highest quality airsoft guns and equipment! i recommend them to anyone! anyone from beginner to expert! sgt. john l. from ca 4/30/12 the officers and enlisted cadre of recruiting task force south wish to sincerely thank you and airsplat for your kind assistance in helping our unit secure the airsplat m249 saw for our recruiting outreach. airsplat is well-known for its support of our military, both through its training products and contributions. kenneth wu and his company respect the opportunities that have been afforded him, and you put forth the extra effort to give back when a situation arises. we are grateful for your support. jacob b. from mn 4/25/12 i recently bought a airsoft gun off your website and i just wanted to say that i was very pleased with shipping. my airsoft gun was recommended from my friend who had it himself, so i was extremely excited to get it. stephanie c. from ca 4/20/12 the donation you sent for our school auction was more than we had anticipated. the student who sent you the letter, moises m., was beaming ear to ear when your package arrive. all of the boys at our school are on their best behavior and turning in the most amazing, high quality work in order to earn tickets to purchase them at our auction. thank you all for the support and genorosity. casey s. from nv 4/12/12 i requested a managers email to toss support dept. 3 and 4, ( jack and vincent ) a kudos! these gentleman were on top of my requests and provided me a seamless, excellent customer service that i have not experienced in a long time. i work part time with a vip protection service and train these agents in krav maga and, firearms training. this coming friday will be airsoft training. my kjw glock broke and very quickly upgraded to the ksc/kwa glock 19 and i feel this will fit in my system. i more than likely will be ordering more of these models from you all soon... thanks again, you guys rock!!!! richard a. from oh 4/2/12 i am a sixth grade student at swanton middle school. i am writing to you because your weapons and equipment are amazing. your products are surprisingly affordable and they don't cost as much as the other companies like crossman and hobbytron, but yours is by far the best out of them all. your website is fascinating because you have a variety of things that have a cost from 99 cents to 1000 dollars which is pretty cool. i've actually bought some of your equipment like face masks and stuff. i'm trying to buy one of your spring m99 snow wolf. thank you for taking the time to read this! carsten p. from ca 3/5/12 thank you for all of your great products. i just recently bought a ak dragunov svd airsoft gun from airsplat. i have bought from airsplat before and i will keep coming back because of the great service and shipping. i got my friend a nice gun and i recommended airsplat to him for airsoft guns. he loves the new gun and we use them all the time. thank you for all you have done! chris l. from ca 2/04/12 airsplat is very helpful when it comes to knowledge and expertise in airsoft guns and accessories. i am fairly new to the sport and the culture, so purchasing a gun and some supplies was difficult. i spoke to airsplat's customer service and they were very helpful and didn't treat me like a newbie. i was able to get the gun and supplies i needed and now i am addicted to airsoft and airsplat! kevin r. from tx 1/15/12 i was a very hesitant person about ordering/shopping online. i have had fraud in the past and it was horrible. i don't make many online purchases but airsplat knows what they are doing! adding to my cart and the buying process was really easy and my items came really fast! thank you airsplat for restoring my faith in humanity and online shopping! jon v. from il 12/7/11 thank you airsplat for putting the customer first and helping out with tech questions and gun reviews. i am a college student and money can be tight, so i like to look for good deals and know what i am buying first. i don't need to search the internet for hours to find good reviews on airsoft guns. i can just go to the website or your airsplatcom youtube channel to find quality videos about airsoft. charlie w. from pa 11/21/11 i must say, i was a bit skeptical of airsplat after my gun stopped working a few days after i got it. luckily i was able to get through to you guys on the phone with very minimal wait time. larry was really helpful in directing me to your support department. a few emails later, i had my rma number and the gun was in the mail. i was really surprised at the turnaround time. i was just beginning to miss my airsoft gun when i sent my email to see what was going on. to my surprise, a few minutes later, i got an email back stating that the gun was fixed and even had a tracking number. i only waited another two days before the gun arrived back at my house. the gun was shooting even better than when i first got it! apparently your techs not only fixed the problem, but gave the gun a full maintenance and tune up. great service! thank you so much for making a normally painful return process into an easy and worry free experience! doug from oh 11/7/11 thanks for sending the promotional package for my airsoft booth. it was a great success. you gave me so many packs of airsoft bb's with your sticker in them that i couldn't give them all away. so i took the rest to my boys soccer game the next morning and placed a sign on the bucket that said "free airsoft bb's from airsplat" . 3/4 of that bucket were gone in one hour. i still had about 100 packs left so i gave them away last night, at the door, for halloween. i asked the boys in costume if they wanted candy or bb's. i gave away 50 more packs. i'm taking the rest to youth group on wednesday. thanks to you i'm the man now and you are the only company for airsoft stuff. my booth at the harvest festival had the longest lines. only one gun didn't make it through. my old hfc m92 full auto pistol, which i see you don't sell any more, darn. (i guess i'll just order the standard one). not bad since i had 7 of my guns out all night. the next morning at the soccer game, a parent saw me putting the bb's out and asked "if they were left over from last night". he said his boy had him on the internet that morning before the game looking at guns on the airsplat website!!. awesome! jesse from vt 9/29/11 thanks airsplat for making the exchange of my gas blowback pistol such a breeze! you guys always quickly responded to my emails, had great phone support, and exchanged my pistol in less than 2 weeks from the day that i shipped it back! now that's awesome customer support. evike didnt even want to respond to anything when i wanted an exchange! thanks! jerome v from ct 9/24/11 ordered on monday, got here friday afternoon with standard ups shipping, the fastest shipping time i've ever seen from any airsoft supplier. package was an aeg, green gas, and two bag of bb's all came nicely wrapped, sealed, and safe. kudos to using recycled paper for the packing material, keeping conscious and trying not to make too much of a mess with the environment. definitely going to be a return customer kristen k from ne 9/3/11 thank you guys for making my fiancee's birthday perfect! he was a former marine, and i had no idea what to get him other than the fact that he was getting into airsoft. i spoke to a very knowledgeable rep named paul, and he helped me put together the right items for his gift. he was floored when he opened it up. who knew airsoft is to marines like diamonds are to a girl. you guys are awesome! ohm u. from co 8/10/11 i just wanted to compliment airsplat about my recent order. i purchased a g&g m16, goggles, and some bbs; a relatively large order. you shipped it within 24 hours, as advertised, and i even got early delivery on a friday instead of monday! this is in contrast to airsoftgi who took over 3 days to just process my order, and 2 business days to ship to my location... all for a box of m16 magazines. your shipping and handling has been the fastest i've seen over evike and airsoftgi. with your competitive prices and continued consistency of shipping/handling, i'm going to purchase my future airsoft orders from airsplat! thank you so much, and i'm looking forward to buying from you in the future! beverly c. from mi 8/3/2011 vanessa solved our very difficult ordering problem. after trying me times to place an order, she finally solved the problem and we are looking forward to receiving our order and placing another, hopefully she will be the one who we deal with next time. please let vanessa know that we are very grateful to her for all of her help. ryan t. from ca 7/25/11 7/25/2011 i ordered a vest and hydration pack from you folks, as well as a new classic army m15 aeg, along with all the fixings to mod it out. everything came lightning fast, i ordered on a monday and it came wednesday perfectly packaged and sealed. very satisfied with the results! thanks guys, will be ordering again. joan l. from co 7/11/11 7/11/2088 thank you so much for helping make my grandson's birthday special. i had no idea what all this airsoft stuff was about, but talking to your service person ramone really educated me about what was an appropriate gift for him. you should have seen the look on his face when he opened the box! i'll be coming back to your site for christmas for him and my other grandkids. manny c. from az 5/28/2011 airsplat rocks! i only buy my stuff from you guys and tell all my friends about you. i got my two kjw m9's and a bunch of mags last year, this year i saved enough for my first we scar gas blowback! i can't wait to get it in the mail. i always check your facebook page for your contests or crazy sales, although i havent won yet, its fun to try right? hope you guys have another green gas sale! bobbie c. from tn 5/06/2011 hey there, i just wanted to let you know about sam and his giveaway prize. he is absolutely loving the airsoft gun he won by filling out your survey. he went to the local airsoft "battlefield" and kicked some butt this past saturday! the kids, as well as many adults that play, were jealous. many of them had heard of him winning it through facebook i guess so it was neat for them so see sam with the gun. thanks again, you truly made my son very very blessed. anthony c. from ca 4/20/2011 just giving a call out over here from red bluff youth airsoft group. just wanted to say thanks. the kids thought all the pistols, patches, posters and ammo were awesome! they're excited to get started. just wanted to let you know how much the kids are enjoying this. it's crazy. thanks again! craig t. from wa 4/13/2011 thank you thank you thank you airsplat! i used my birthday money to get the new echo 1 full metal electric because you guys were the cheapest, it's amazing!! i already played with it in two weekend games, and everyone kept asking how much it was. when i told them the price, they didnt believe me! i'm going to be saving up my summer job money for my next gun from you!! marcus f. from mi 3/17/2011 wow, all i can say is top notch service from your customer support crew! i've been playing airsoft for over half a decade and i can say, calling you guys for some information, i was noticeably impressed by the level of expertise you had. usually when i call or email other airsoft stores, they really dont know what i'm talking about, and i end up educating them! but you were able to help me put together the perfect order for my next loadout. shipping was fast! i ordered on monday and got it friday of the same week! you've earned a repeat customer. robert l. (age 13) from ct 2/10/2011 i really want to thank airsplat for sending me a new airsoft battery and airsoft bb's. i really appreciate it because now i can play airsoft again. prior to you sending me a new battery my old one could not hold a charge and i could not play. you guys are the best! you went out of your way to make sure i got a working airsoft gun!i can't wait to go playing airsoft with my friends. thank you, thank you, so, so much! you really helped me out! jordan b. from oh 1/5/2011 this year for christmas i recieved a well r7 m4 aeg. i love it! i've gotten into airsoft the past few years and i was glad to finally get a decent dependable aeg instead of springers, and low grade aeg's from other stores. i dont trust any other airsoft store except airsplat, you always have the best prices and your customer service is awesome! i also enjoy your youtube videos! ramona p. from wa 12/20/10 what a great company! i have 4 grandsons and airsoft guns were the request for christmas. shipment made it out super fast, but when they arrived there was a gun missing.  frantically, i called and explained the problem.  we talked about the problem and decided that the gun had not gotten into the box. the people working on the issue were so understanding and instead of blaming ups or some outside influence, took the responsibility entirely on their shoulders.  they were determined to get it to me before christmas day and expedited the shipment to us free of charge! i cannot thank airsplat management and employees enough . i will see nothing but happy, excited faces as all four boys open their packages and see their new airsplat guns!!! britney b. from ca 11/30/10 my son just turned 13 and i promised him that i would buy him an airsoft that he wanted for his birthday. we finally found what he wanted and saw that it was from airsplat i'm surprised we didn't find this place sooner! the prices are lower than anywhere else we've looked and your the only place to have 24hr shipping. i'll be sure to let the other parents know about this place. i am honestly very impressed with the speed of shipping and the low price of all the products on your site. reagan f. from fl 10/30/10 my husband is obsessed with this sport. i can't believe how expensive these things are! luckily with a little help from google, i came across this site. you guys have the downright lowest prices on the internet. and you weren't joking about the only place to have warranty. thank god for that too, the gun came with some missing parts but you guys were able to send a replacement just in time for my husband's birthday. i'll be sure to let him know where i got him his new toys so he can keep coming back for more (as i'm sure he will!). jason b. from wa 10/10/10 after hearing all the bad things about airsplat, i'm glad i took the chance. my order arrived within 4 days after i placed it. everywhere else usually takes about a week or more. i was actually able to play on the same weekend i placed the order all thanks to the super fast shipping of you guys. i really appreciate it! plus, the bbs turned out to be very nice. probably one of the best bbs i've used to date. thanks airsplat, for your fast shipping and lowest prices. gerald p. from az 9/6/10 you guys are the best! i liked the what that the website is set up. navigating your way around the site is not difficult at all. pretty clear and enjoyable. i suggest airsplat all the time to my friends and people i meet when talking about airsoft stuff. :-) one of the things that has impressed me most about you guys, is that you are very prompt on getting the product to the customer. that means a lot to the customer, and it shows that you do not put the customer on the "back burner" so to speak, but rather you ship it out as soon as you possibly can. i have ordered airsoft products from other websites, and others took much to long for the small amount of things that i ordered. i did not feel respected or on their priority list at all. i was not happy with their service. but you guys... on the other hand... have been  very prompt on getting me the products i ordered. i respect that, and have since suggested you to many different people and friends. so thank you airsplat.com for putting your customers first, and treating them the way that they should be treated... with promptness, and respect. :-) brenda l. from ca 8/29/10 i would like to thank you for sponsoring the big event and appreciate all your support. we had a ton of fun. the mp's doing guard duty was just the iceing on the cake. i know the 2 vietnam vets that were on hand really did enjoy it as well.. i could see them smileing ear to ear while in the old troop transport. it's great that you give back to the community like that and makes me want to order from you guys again. davy f. from ut 8/05/10 i've been playing airsoft on and off for years and somehow i keep ending up at airsplat. you just have the best prices, fastest shipping, and you make airsofting so much easier. i especially love their super fast free shipping. i place the order, go on with my life and 3 days later it arrives on my door step. i just wanted to thank you for your help and service. airsoft wouldn't be what it is today with you a company like airsplat, i know i wouldn't be. cherrie c. from mt 7/16/10 i visited the warehouse in arcadia as i was planning a trip to show my family where i grew up. i was impressed with the politeness and how informed the employees i dealt with were. i will be sure to let fellow air soft players of your store and how pleased i was with the staff, on a scale of 5, you get 6!  thank you airsplat team. mary g from ms 6/03/10 i writing to you about my orders and the customer service that i received. your man, josh, in customer service saved the day for me and deserves a raise! my original order that was to have been a 2 day ship, went slow mail to a p.o. box( the billing address- not the address that i gave in the order.) these guns were used in a low budget film and had to arrive by a certain date. i spoke with josh and explained the problem and we sorted out how the change of address happened. he personally walked my second order through your system and got it out in record time. you saved the day and the order came just in time. i would give airsplat a 10 out of 5. brenda t from ca 5/20/10 thank you for your help and assistance with our account and current order through amazon. both john and josh were helpful and understanding. i appreciate the great customer service and look forward to ordering my boys more airsoft products through your company. anthony f from ar 4/2/10 my brand new jg g36-2 came a day early than scheduled, i'm sure it was because my order got processed so quickly from you guys. i am impressed with the mid-level aeg. it is solid, even for having a plastic-composite body. it has a nice weight to it, giving it a real-steel feel , without the price of an all metal. for the price of the gun, it is phenominal! i took the gun over to show some of my fellow players who have custom m4's and have been playing a good number of years. they were all impressed! i'd reccomend the gun to anyone, especially a for a first aeg for players new to the game, milsim, and cqb. thank you all so very much for offering what you do at the prices you do. i've been telling my friends to order from airsplat now. you guys have my undying grattitude for the service, selection, prices, and help that you've given me. just wanted to say thanks, and tell you guys you have another satisified and loyal customer. police lieutenant joe m. from il 2/21/10 in response to your survey, i would not change anything. i believe i spoke to john who took my order and made sure i received it the next day as it was needed for police training. i liked the personal service i received as john called me back after my order was placed and advised me that my change in shipping address was approved by my bank and that i would have my product the next day. i would give your company a 5 out of 5 and recommend you to all my friends and fellow police officers. aaron h from va 1/19/10 i just wanted to say that you all are the best company that i have ever spoken too in regards towards my airsoft needs and questions. i have been calling quite a bit because i have no clue on any good brands whatsoever and you guys have seriously put me in the best direction and your help is appreciated. to me you guys all are basically friends and i enjoy talking to all of you, you all make airsoft shopping a fun experience :). the help is awesome, i have heard that all of your guns are quality stuff and the customer service is all out awesome. keep up the awesome work. again i thank you and help and i look forward to buying again! denis v from tx 1/17/10 thank you for the all the help you've offered us. i have 4 boys. airsoft is a big hit with them and all their friends. it is such a big hit that it is being introduced into our church camp. it has given us an opportunity to show kids that church can be fun and lives get saved. great job airsplat. jesus saves....and so does airsplat!!! todd g. from il 1/7/10 i generally do not send these emails, but i must make an exception. i purchased an ak 47 about 3 months ago. we had a number of problems. each time the problem was resolved. the agent that assisted me the last two times was jonathan, he is a keeper. he patiently analyzed my problem (fuse burning issue) and sent me a replacement motor. not being very technically equipped, jon encouraged me though the whole process. he said that if i had a problem, give him a call and he would walk me through it. having jon to fall back on, it gave me the confidence to do the install myself. needless to say, the ak is as good as new! today, i called and spoke with jonathan. i told him that my son lost the butt cover from the ak 47. he said no problem, he would have a replacement sent today, at no cost! to jonathan and all airsplat peoples, keep up the excellent work. any company can sell a product. a superior company supports their product. more feedback from 2008 - 2009 more feedback from 2006 - 2007 more feedback from 2004 - 2005 more feedback from 2001 - 2003 shopping cart 0 items $0.00 find us on: shoot us! (bookmark) 28,513,984 guns shipped since 2001! as featured in: we love airsplat!we have an airsoft team and we only buy from airsplat! you guys are the best! we compare prices and shipping all the time and every time you are the best priced and fastest shipping. -joseph g from wy more testimonials read airsoft gun reviews los angeles' only airsoft exclusive indoor field looking for a mountain bike or beach cruiser? home seasons - seasonal decorations & decor authorized retailer of: uhc, softair, ics, classic army, kjw, hfc, we, olympic arms, systema, and more! home | log in| safe shopping | shipping policy | return policy | order help & faq | about us all airsoft guns come with 6 mm blaze orange tip as required by federal law