来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230114711/http://www.airsplat.com/help.htm
================================================================================

help - airsplat.com - airsoft gun warehouse home| cart| log in | order status it's more than just a game 30% off sale!! go big or go home!! no min required get 30% off!! maple leaf hop-up up grade barrel fn herstal spr a5m s pring airsoft rifle m-f 9-4 pm pst (626) 539-3900 / 851-8111 stores: 7days / week new guns & specials monthly specials discount airsoft guns & on sale new airsoft guns recently back in stock guns thor's day weekly specials on thursday's new items available for pre-order | airsoft university general airsoft info airsoft gun safety airsoft guns for kids toy guns and airsoft guns airsoft shopping gift guide airsoft bbs airsoft definition gas airsoft gun instructions trouble shooting & fixes airsoft guns airsoft gun maintenance airsoft batteries airsoft review & videos airsplat on demand inside the mechbox airsoft upgrade videos airsoft gun reviews maxsplat airsoft training videos airsoft tactics & strategy gameplay milsim - paintball & airsoft scenario paintball airsoft tactics & strategies airsoft tactics gear selection pimp my gun other airsoft resources airsoft fields, states, forums airsoft owner's manuals airsoft guns in hollywood guns of movies and tv airsoft video games airsplat promotions the elite membership buy back program certified pre-owned airsplat coupon airsplat philanthropy support our troops support airsoft community upcoming airsoft games & events sponsorship info airsplat sponsorship forum sponsorship airsplat army team sponsorship airsplat airsoft sponsored teams airsplat team member profiles | the 8 unbeatables! | shipping & return policy | stores los angeles, ca seattle, wa | why buy airsplat airsoft gun categories signature packages aeg internal upgrade bundles cqb close quarter battle bundles holiday special combo kits bundles age specific bundles airsoft pistol bundles airsoft sniper marksman bundles airsoft support & assault bundles tactical protection acc bundles spring airsoft guns spring pistols spring airsoft rifles spring airsoft shotguns spring powered smgs spring airsoft sniper rifles gas airsoft guns gas airsoft pistols co2 blowback pistols gas blowback pistols full size gas blowback pistols compact co2 non-blowback pistols gas non-blowback pistols gas airsoft rifles & shotguns gas powered smgs gas airsoft sniper rifles electric airsoft rifles aeg entry level airsoft rifle lpeg entry level electric airsoft rifle lpeg mini electric airsoft guns mini airsoft middle level airsoft rifle mpeg middle electric airsoft rifle mpeg metal middle electric airsoft rifle metal cqb middle electric airsoft rifle plastic middle electric airsoft rifle erp cqb high end airsoft rifles aeg echo1 & socom gear airsoft aeg rifles aps & javelins airsoft aeg gun rifles airsplat custom airsoft rifles & aeg gun guay guay g&g aeg airsoft electric guns g&g sportline airsoft aeg gun rifles ics sportline airsoft aeg rifle src tsd sportline airsoft aeg rifle classic army airsoft rifle armalite aeg classic army sportline airsoft aeg rifle elite ultra high airsoft rifle aeg ics & airsoft elite airsoft rifle aeg ares airsoft aeg umarex gun rifles bolt, kwa & ksc airsoft electric rifles systema ptw celcius ctw deep fire vfc magpul king arms dytac airsoft rifle lct & we tech airsoft rifle aeg airsoft gas, batteries, & chargers airsoft battery 8.4 9.6v nicad nihm airsoft lipo battery 11.1v 7.4v airsoft battery charger & lipo chargers airsoft green gas, co2, propane adapters airsoft lube, lubricant, silicone oil hpa air rigs, tanks, & mech boxes airsoft bb & targets 0.12g high precision 6mm airsoft bbs 0.2g & 0.23g airsoft bbs 6mm precision 0.25g to 0.28g airsoft 6mm bbs 0.30g+ airsoft bb 6mm bb speedloaders, 6mm paintball, targets airsoft grenades, launchers, land mines grenade launcher, mine, & mortar grenade shell & grenade shower grenades, flash, & grenade parts airsoft gun magazines spring airsoft gun pistol magazine spring airsoft rifle gun magazines aeg electric airsoft gun magazines aeg high capacity magazines & box mags aeg mid & low capacity magazines lpeg entry level airsoft rifle magazines gas airsoft gun pistol magazines gas airsoft rifle gun magazines mag acc, dual mag, mag pul apparel & tactical gear head gear action camera & helmet cam full face airsoft masks full face mesh airsoft masks full face neoprene airsoft masks goggle & eyewear hats & caps tactical helmets face veil, scarf, & wraps lower half face airsoft masks upper body apparel jackets, sweaters, & outerwear t-shirts, polo, & tank tops airsplat custom tactical gloves bdu sets, uniforms, ghillie suits vests, chest rig, plate carrier, pouches airsoft tactical vests pouches, vest pouches, molle pouches airsoft tactical chest rigs armor plate carriers velcro morale airsoft patches velcro embroidered morale patches velcro pvc morale patches lower body apparel tactical pants, casual pants, & shorts boots & knee elbow pads belts & gun holsters walkie talkies & radio communication survival gear & emergency prep outdoor accessories canteens & water bottles mre meals & survival food survival kits knives & tools rope & paracord accessories chrono, poster, ticket, bottle, paracord rifle bags, gun cases, backpacks, & bags backpack, hydration pack, messenger bag pistol bags & gun cases rifle bags & rifle cases rifle slings pistol gun slings utlitity bags, range bags, phone cases laser, light, scope, & scope mounts airsoft 2-in-1 laser & flashlight combo gun laser sight red green flashlights, tac light, & edc light ris, mounted, and weapon lights rifle scopes magnified powered airsoft scope mounts, rings & rails reflex sight red dot scopes airsoft upgrades external upgrades airsoft guns airsoft pistol hand gun upgrades airsoft silencers, tracers, flash hiders bipods, sights, metal bodies, & misc butt stocks, pistol grips, & handguards rail grips & vertical grips airsoft ris rail upgrades & barrel internal upgrades airsoft guns airsoft press e-book tutorials & manuals spring sniper rifle internal upgrades tightbore upgrade barrel gear, bushing, bearing, tappet plate gear box, mech box, full tune up kit motors for airsoft aeg rifles aeg air seal nozzle & hop up bucking piston, cylinder, piston head upgrade spring & spring guide rod paintball guns & accessory paintball air tanks co2 compressed air paintball barrels upgrade paintball harness, apparel, body armor paintball hoppers, loaders, & magazines paintball guns and markers paintball squeegee & swabs pellet gun, air gun, & air gun accessory air gun bbs & accessories air pellet gun bb pistols air rifle gun bb rifles pre-owned & scrap yard airsoft items gun close out discontinued airsoft gun items pre-owned functioning airsoft guns scrap yard boneyard used airsoft guns zombie & halloween airsoft decorations manufacturers all manufacturers a&k action army action sport games (asg) ae (airsoft elite) agm (airsoft gun manufacturer) aim sports airsoft gun rifle combo packages airsoft innovations airsoft publications periodicals airsplat apparel green gas & swag airsplat as custom internal upgrade part airsplat custom guns & aeg airsplat precision bbs amp tactical airsoft aps airsoft ares airsoft blue force gear bolt airsoft boyi dboys bravo airsoft ca (classic army) caa airsoft division cast gear tactical apparel coast flashlights & knives code red headsets condor outdoor custom gun rails (cgr) & unique ars cyma de (double eagle) decorations and zombies deep fire deep fire upgrade parts dye masks dye precision dytac dynamic tactical e&l airsoft echo 1 socom gear bravo airsoft eco target emerson helmets & tactical gear enola gaye & taginn grenades excel airsoft bb flyye industries gen x global airsoft gopro action cameras guarder g&p & element guay guay g&g guay guay g&g top tech aeg gunskins protective camo hakkotsu masks & thunder b grenades hfc (ho feng corp) hsgi (high speed gear, inc.) ib (intellect battery) ics (i chih shivan) indx custom kydex holsters javelin airsoft rifle aeg jg airsoft guns (jing gong gb) jls king arms airsoft kjw (kuan ju works) kwa ksc lancer tactical airsoft rifle aeg lbx tactical lct airsoft leapers utg liquid image action cameras lonex airsoft mad bull airsoft magpul & pts maple leaf maxpedition mft mission first tactical mil-spec adventure gear milspec monkey modify airsoft & speed triggers mrc battery chargers nc star pdt (practical defense training) polarstar airsoft & wolverine airsoft replay xd action cameras rothco tactical apparel save phace airsoft masks siegetek gearbox internals skb storage & transport cases snow wolf airsoft socom gear airsoft soft air cyber gun & palco src airsoft strike industries stti y&p surefire flashlights systema airsoft t.z. tactical range & field case tactical tailor tag (tactical airsoft gear) tag (tactical airsoft gear) vests tag airsoft masks / helmets tenergy battery & charger tm tokyo marui tru-spec tactical apparel truglo scopes & optics uhc (unicorn hobby corp) umarex elite force v-force masks & goggles valken tactical vfc (vega force company) voodoo tactical walkie talkies & radio communication we tech industries well bell galaxy wingun airsoft wrong gear warrior mask zan headgear zombie industries gun styles / models all styles airsoft pistol 1911 airsoft pistol desert eagle airsoft g18 g19 airsoft guns hi capa airsoft gun m9 m92 airsoft pistol mac11 uzi mp7 p99 airsoft pistol revolver airsoft gun ruger airsoft pistol sig sauer airsoft gun usp p8 airsoft pistol misc airsoft pistol airsoft rifles ak47 ak74 cqb airsoft rifle 7'-12' barrel ak47 ak74 airsoft rifle 13'-16' barrel ak47 svd dragunov rifle 17'-25' barrel g3 airsoft rifles g36 airsoft rifles hk 416 airsoft rifle l85 airsoft rifle mac 11 uzi mp7 airsoft m14 sniper rifles m4 airsoft rifle cqb (4'-8' barrel) m4 airsoft rifle short (9'-11' barrel) m4 airsoft rifle standard (12'-13' barrel) m4 airsoft rifles long (14'-15' barrel) m4 m16 ar airsoft rifle (16'-20' barrel) airsoft m4 m16 magazines airsoft m4 m16 aeg internal upgrades airsoft m4 m16 aeg external upgrades m249 m60 mk43 lmg support rifle airsoft mp5 a4 sd5 full stock rifle airsoft mp5 a5 sd6 retractable stock rifle mp5 upgrade parts magazine accessories p90 ks90 airsoft gun airsoft shotgun scar airsoft aeg rifles airsoft sniper rifles steyr aug airsoft rifle tommy gun airsoft xm8 airsoft rifles misc airsoft rifle airsoft sniper reviews g&g combat machine ak47 airsoft aeg gun ics galil arm ics-91 airsoft aeg rifle jg g36 1338 g608-8 ris airsoft aeg rifle kjw kc02 10/22 airsoft gas carbine rifle we g39 g36 ras airsoft gas blowback gun show me all... newly arrived maple leaf hop-up upgrade barrel $27.99 dytac b5 style sopmod stock $19.99 centurian arms cmr hand stop $9.99 show me all... frequently asked questions and help with airsplat website! what is a default shipping address? help our on-line shop pricing and discount payment options our returns policy tracking your order wish list what is a default credit card? can i change the expiry date of a credit card in my list? can you use prepaid gift cards on your website? can i have more than one billing address? can i have more than one shipping address? how can i add a shipping address to my address list? can i delete an address from my	address list? why does it charge for shipping when your website says free shipping? how do i make changes to an address in my list? how do i check the status of my order? how do i cancel an order? what are these extra $1 charges on my credit card statement? as a registered customer, what are my other benefits? i already have an account with you. do i need to register myself again on your web store? can i place an order without	registering my account? how can i place an order without using my credit card? what should i do if i forget my password? how come it won't let me add the item to my cart? how do i view a friend's wish list? how do i access wish list? how do i create a wish list? how to allow other users to access your wish list? how to allow invitees to ship to other addresses? how to hide purchase from invitees? what is current wish list? what is a default shipping address? you may have specified more than one shipping address in your account information. the default shipping address is the address to which your order will be shipped unless you select another shipping address for this order. please note that we will ship to the billing address only of the default credit card being used what is a default credit card? you may have specified more than one credit card in your account information. the default credit card is the card that will be charged with the value of your order unless you select another credit card to be charged for this order. can i change the expiry date of a credit card in my list? yes. to update credit card information, click on account info. click on credit card details button in the account info page. select the card from the list and click on update credit card button. can you use prepaid gift cards on your website? yes you can! please first register your billing address with the number on the back of the gift card. please call us at 626-539-3900 and we will be more than happy to place the order for you. can i have more than one billing address? no. you cannot have more than one billing address. but you can change your billing address by editing it. can i have more than one shipping address? yes! we ask that all customers shipping to an address other than the billing address notify their credit card company of the alternate shipping address. this is becoming standard procedure and credit card companies are happy to assist you. simply call your credit card company and let them know you are placing orders via the internet and would like to give them an alternate shipping address. doing this will speed up the order proces. please note that when our fraud prevention department checks an order and the shipping address is not listed with your credit card provider, the order will be automatically shipped to the billing address. no exceptions. order must be placed by phone or else we will not know you are shipping to alternate shipping address. ***also please note that all orders placed over the website will go to the billing address only. top of page why does it charge me for shipping when your website says free shipping? please use coupon code of iluvas on your order. your order will automatically be updated. only handling fees will apply. please note that only one coupon code can be used per order. how can i add a shipping address to my address list? please give us a call at 626-539-3900 and we will be more than happy to add the address to your account. currently, new addresses cannot be added online. please make sure to add the address as an alternate shipping address to you bank account as well in order for us to ship there. please note that all orders placed over the website will go to the billing address only. can i delete an address from my address list? no. you cannot delete any address but you could change it by editing it. why do i have to select a tax zone with my billing address the taxes on your order depend on the tax zone that you belong to. you must select the tax zone that your billing address falls in for this purpose. how do i make changes to an address in my list? to edit an address, click on account info. the details of your account are displayed. click on the edit button below the address that has to be changed. how do i check the status of my order? to check the status of an order, click on the order status link. if you know your order number and the type of transaction (orders, quotations or return orders), enter it and click on the submit button. to view multiple orders, enter the purchase order number if provided by you or select the display type from the drop-down list and specify the desired period. all the orders you have placed with us (both through the web and through other means) are listed. click on the order number whose status you want to check. the order details are displayed along with the tracking numbers for the shipments made. how do i cancel an order? please give us a call right away or send an email to sales@airsplat.com please type in cancel order # ______ is the subject. we will do our best to cancel this order for you. we do our best to ship orders as quickly as possible so be sure to let us know as soon as you can! top of page what are these extra $1 charges on my credit card statement? when a card is charged an authorization will first be placed to verify the validity of a debit/credit card. these charges will disapear on theirown usually between 3-5 business days. what are the benefits of registration? as a registered customer, you become entitled to special discount schemes and promotional pricing offers. these schemes would become available to you not only on orders you place at our web store but also to orders through other channels. i already have an account with you. do i need to register myself again on your web store? no. if you already have an account with us, contact our customer service; they will give you your login name and password. you can login and then change your password. can i place an order without registering my account? before you place an order with us, you must register with us. we understand how valuable your time is and our registration has been designed to take up not more than a few minutes of your time. once you have registered with us, you need not give your address and credit card details on future visits to our shop. this will save you the trouble of entering this information on every purchase you make from us. how can i place an order without using my credit card? there are other payment options available at the online shop using which you can place an order. select the option most suitable to you in the "payment method" area while creating an order. for example if you wish to pay by check, select this option to create the order. you may send your check to our address by quoting your order number. if you need any further assistance, please contact our customer service department. top of page what should i do if i forget my password? if you are a registered user and have forgotten your password, go to the login page and simply type in your login name or your default e-mail address under "i am a registered user but forgot my password" and click on submit. we will send your password to your default e-mail address. pricing and discount the price for each and every item on our online store has been carefully decided to make sure that you get the best deal in town. we also offer huge discounts on almost all the listed items for both guest users and registered customers. of course, to get a better discounted price you must be a registered customer. payment options we accept visa, mastercard, paypal and check. if paying by check or paypal, please call in to place your order and we will provide further details. if you need any further assistance, please contact our customer service department. our returns policy our returns policy is specified in the terms of sale. tracking your order click on the order status link provided in the services menu. if you know your order number and the type of transaction (orders, quotations or return orders), enter it and click on the submit button. to view multiple orders, enter the purchase order number if provided by you or select the display type from the drop-down list and specify the desired period. all the orders you have placed with us (both through the web and through other means) are listed. click on the order number whose status you want to check. the order details are displayed along with the tracking numbers for the shipments made. to track the shipment, you must go to the web site of the shipping carrier. top of page how come it won't let me add the item to my cart? this means this specific item is currently out of stock. please call or email info@airsplat.com for further information regarding alternates or when the item should be back in. we apologize for any inconvenience. how do i view a friend's wish list? enter the first name or last name or event name or email address or period of event date of your friend or family member in the search box to find their wish list. you will see the search results of the wish list search. how do i access wish list? if access code is provided for the wish list, then it leads to invitee validation page, else it shows the items within the wish list. enter the email address and access code to see the items in the wish list. after validating the email and access code, items in that wish list are displayed. how do i create a wish list? click on the wish list link. to create a wish list you must be a registered user. if you already have an account, then login to the store. after logging in, you can create a new wish list by filling the required details and can make it your current wish list by selecting the option provided on the page. when you find a product that you want to add to your wish list, click on the "add to wish list" link. all the items added will be added to the current wish list. how to allow other users to access your wish list? while you create wish list, you have the option to make your created wish list accessible by other users or not. if you want your wish list to be accessible by any user, select option "allow any user to access wish list" else leave it unchecked. if your wish list is not accessible to all, you can set access code to make it accessible to your invitees. the invitees can use the access code set by you to access your wish list. how to allow invitees to ship to other addresses? when you create your wish list, simply check the option "allow invitees to ship to other addresses". this will allow the invitees to add a new shipping address while creating their orders and also ship the purchased items to that address. how to hide purchase from invitees? to hide the quantity of items in your wish list that has been already been purchased select the option "hide purchase from invitees". the invitee will only be able to view the items and its price in your wish list, once the invitee accesses it through the access code provided by you. what is current wish list? current wish list is the default wish list created by you. any items that you wish to add to the wish list will be added to this current wish list by default. if you want to choose any other wish list as your current wish list, click on the wish list link in the right hand side menu to get a list of all your wish lists. here check the appropriate radio button and click on "make current" button to make the selection your current wish list. top of page shopping cart 0 items $0.00 find us on: like us: shoot us! (bookmark) 28,513,984 guns shipped since 2001! as featured in: we love airsplat!we have an airsoft team and we only buy from airsplat! you guys are the best! we compare prices and shipping all the time and every time you are the best priced and fastest shipping. -joseph g from wy more testimonials read airsoft gun reviews los angeles' only airsoft exclusive indoor field looking for a mountain bike or beach cruiser? home seasons - seasonal decorations & decor home | log in| safe shopping | shipping policy | return policy | order help & faq | about us all airsoft guns come with 6 mm blaze orange tip as required by federal law