来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131219224554/http://www.amsan.com/Info/FAQ
================================================================================

amsan | america’s leading supplier of janitorial and cleaning products - faq amsan about us | contact us | services | my cart need help? 1.888.820.6515 customer login | register search all categories janitorial categories janitorial chemicals cleaning products cleaning tools & supplies dispensers drain maintenance products equipment equipment parts & accessories food service liners / waste disposal outdoor waste disposal paper products specialty other categories appliance parts dishwasher repair dryer repair microwave repair range repair refrigerator repair washer repair appliances air quality drinking fountains kitchen appliances laundry appliances small appliances building materials cabinetry ceiling coverings doors, windows, and glass floor & wall coverings floor & wall protectors lavatory products roofing maintenance and repair electrical communication products electrical controls electrical service surface trims wiring faucets bathroom faucets commercial and specialty faucets kitchen faucets tub and shower utility faucets gas products gas appliances gas connectors gas cylinders gas fittings gas lighting gas regulators tracpipe system tubing valves hardware builders hardware cabinet hardware commercial hardware door hardware fasteners flooring gate hardware home hardware organizational hardware rope / chain signage window coverings window hardware hvac chimney caps and dampers convection systems equipment maintenance forced air systems gas appliances hearth appliances hearth products hydronics pneumatic valves & steam controls temperature controls venting lighting af designer lighting commercial lighting fixtures lamps lighting repair residential lighting fixtures miscellaneous automotive products consumables hospitality products literature packaging office products binders & binding systems calendars, planners & organizers carrying cases cash handling crafts & rec room products cutting & measuring tools desk organizers & accessories file & storage cabinets file folders & storage boxes food service products forms, recordkeeping & reference general office accessories labels, indexes & stamps mailers & shipping supplies maintenance & breakroom office furniture paper presentation & scheduling boards shipping & mailroom tape, adhesives & fasteners teaching & learning materials technology writing & correction supplies outdoor & pool supplies chemical applicators garden / patio accessories garden tools irrigation products outdoor cooking products outdoor power equipment pest control pool supplies seasonal products paint / sundries adhesive, sealants & tape applicators paint products painting aids site prep / clean-up products surface prep / repair tapes wall coverings plumbing arrestors bathroom accessories bathroom fixtures closet fittings dwv fittings dwv installation products fire protection flush valves insert fittings instruments lubricants malleable fittings pex fittings pipe pipe installation plastic pipe cements plumbing repair plumbing sealing materials pressure fittings pumps & well accessories screwed brass fittings shower pans sinks supply connectors show all... safety products environmental spill containment fire / gas / water protection identification products lockout tagout products personal protection workplace safety security access control automotive security keys safes security devices tools access equipment corded power tools cordless power tools electronic devices hand tools industrial powered equipment locksmith tools pneumatic equipment power tool accessories powered equipment soldering equipment welding equipment search account my account express checkout settings invoices credits credit application shopping bulk quick add favorites lists favorite products catalog request custom catalog print bin labels previous orders my quotes special orders track my order reports green report my top products budget reporting usage reporting home faq faq our web site and these frequently asked questions (faqs) are best viewed using the 1024 x 768 (or higher) display properties setting. registering how do i register? do i need an account number to register? how do i establish an account? is there a time limit to complete the registration process? logging in how do i log in? what is my user id? what is my password? / resetting password are my user id and/or password case sensitive? how do i change my password? why can't i log in? updating my information how do i update my address/account information? how do i create a favorites list(s)? how do i add/delete items on a favorites list? how do i change my email address? how do i change my password? ordering how do i place an order? where did the products in my cart go? how do i save my shopping cart? where is my order? how do i know that my online order was received? if my account has multiple shipping addresses, will i be able to choose the correct one? product information how do i return a product(s) or make a claim? whom do i contact for specific product questions? how can i find the product i'm looking for? technical questions what browsers are supported when using the website? what screen resolution / display settings are best? what is the best connection speed? do you use css? should javascript be enabled? why doesn't a popup or modal dialogue appear when certain links are clicked? what plug-ins are needed to view the web site correctly? how to whitelist an email address are there known bugs on the website? general information how do i get a paper catalog? who do i contact for a w-9 form or a certificate of insurance? who do i contact if i want to pay my invoice by credit card or check? registering q: how do i register? a: click ‘register’ in the navigation bar at the top of any page within our web site. fill out the registration form according to instructions and click “create”. by registering you are agreeing to the terms of registration, terms and conditions and privacy policy required for us to process your registration and for you to order online. an email will be sent to the registrant with a link to set a password. make sure you receive our emails by whitelisting our email address. you have 72 hours to complete the registration process! q: do i need an account number to register? a:  visitors without accounts may browse through our online catalog and create a username; however, you must contact our customer service department at 1 800-288-2000 to establish an account number, if you do not have one already, in order to complete our registration process. q: how do i establish an account number? a: to establish an account, contact customer service at 1.888.820.6515, or email us at customercare@amsan.com. our customer service team is available monday through friday 8 a.m. - 8 p.m. est. q: is there a time limit to complete the registration process? a: yes. once you start the registration process, you have 72 hours to complete it. if you do not complete the registration within this timeframe, your account will be locked for security reasons and you will need to call customer service at 1.888.820.6515. logging in q:  how do i log in? a: at the top right corner, click on "customer login" or "register" above "account." you will be asked to enter your username and password. (the password is case sensitive and must be entered exactly as it was at registration.) if you have more than one active account, in my customer selector, select your customer name with account number. q:  what is my user id? a:  your user id is the email address associated with your account. q: what is my password? / resetting password a:  a series of numeric or alpha information created by you to personalize your web account.  passwords are an important aspect of security. password requirements are: at least 6 characters in length at most 20 characters in length at least one alpha character at least one numeric character or at least one special character ( - ! # % & , : ; = @ _ ~ ^ $ . | ? * + ) if you have forgotten your password you can reset your password by following the instructions below. click on "forgot password" link located on the logon screen or in the footer under my account provide the correct email address and submit you will be notified by email that a request has been made to reset your password. follow the "click here to reset your password" link in the email to reset your password. * if you have problems, please contact customer service toll-free at 1.888.820.6515 available monday through friday 8 a.m. - 8 p.m. est or email us at customercare@amsan.com. q: are my user id and/or password case sensitive? a: only your password is case sensitive. it must be entered the same as the time of registration. q: how do i change my password? a: you must be logged in to change your password. select "my account" from the account drop down menu located on the header bar. in "web profile management" under "web profile setting" click "change your password". under the change password heading you will be asked to provide your old password and then your new password and then click the "update" button. q: why can't i log in? a:  please follow these steps to ensure that you are logging in with the accurate information: are you registered on our web site? if yes, re-enter your user id (email address) and your password in fields provided.  they must be entered the same as time of the registration. if no, to create an account, click "register" at the top, right corner or at the bottom left corner of the page click on "register" under my account. follow the instructions for creating an account when finished click "create". ** reminders: your login information is the email address associated with account. forgot your password?  see instructions for resetting password above. if you are still having trouble please contact customer service toll-free at 1.888.820.6515 available monday through friday 8 a.m. - 8 p.m. est or email us at customercare@amsan.com. updating information q: how do i update my address/account information? a: you must be logged into the site to update address/account information. select "my account" from the account drop down menu located on the header bar. in "web profile management" under "web profile setting" click on the profile to be changed (name, email or password). this will open the web profile editing page. make the changes to your account under "change contact information" when finished click the "update" button. q: how do i create a favorites list(s)? a: create a favorites list from the shopping navigation option you must be logged in to create a favorites list. to create a favorite list, point your mouse on "shopping" and choose favorite lists from the navigation drop down or click on "shopping" and go directly to "your favorite lists". type in the name of your list in the favorite list field and click "create new." as you add items to the cart, you can also add products to the list by clicking on "+ favorite list" or "add all to favorite list" wherever shown on web pages. a pop-up box will appear so that you can add the product that you are purchasing to your favorite list. you may also create a new list from the pop-up box by naming a new favorite list in the “- or - add a new list:” field. select a favorite list that you have previously created or add a new list then click add to list. a notice will appear indicating that the item has been added to the list! click "close" to close the pop-up or "manage my lists" to go your favorites lists. q: how do i add/delete items on a favorite list? a: add you must be logged in to add items to a favorite list. as you add items to the cart, you can also add products to the list by clicking on "+ favorite list" or "add all to favorite list" wherever shown on web pages. viewing items in "your favorite lists" will allow you to add by copying selected items to another list. click on the option below your favorite list name. click "shopping" to access "favorite list" then click on view from the list(s) from which you wish to delete an item. you can add items to your favorite list from previously placed orders by selecting "previous orders" from the shopping dropdown menu located in the header bar. click on the "details" link for the selected order, then select the items from the order using the check boxes to the left of each product and click on "add selected to favorite list". this will open the favorites list pop-up as described above. you can add items to your favorite list from past invoices by selecting "invoices" from the account dropdown menu located in the header bar. click on the "details" link for the selected invoice, then select the items from the invoice using the check boxes to the left of each product and click on "add selected to favorite list". this will open the favorites list pop-up as described above. b: delete you must be logged in to delete items from a favorite list. click "shopping" to access "favorite list" then click on view from the list(s) from which you wish to delete an item. click on "remove from list" the web page will update and remove the item. to delete the entire favorite list click the red "x" circle and the entire favorite list. you will be prompted to confirm the delete. if you select "ok" the favorite list will be deleted. q: can i change my email address? a: you must be logged into the site to update address/account information. select "my account" from the account drop down menu located on the header bar. in "web profile management" under "web profile setting" click on the profile to be changed. make changes to your email under change login email / primary email address when finished click the "update" button. q: how do i change my password? a: log in at the top, right-hand side or bottom, left-hand side of any page. click on your account select log in options under personal information change your current password by completing the appropriate fields and click update my log in to save your changes. ordering q: how do i place an order? a: you must be logged in to place an online order. browse our online catalog or search categories on our website to find the products you’re interested in purchasing. click "+ cart" to place the item into your shopping cart. when shopping is complete, click "cart" at the top right corner of any web page. you will then proceed to the "cart summary" screen to view or make changes to your order and to start the checkout process.  if items ordered have a promo code, enter as shown below on web page. to check out, simply click one of the "check out now" buttons.  this will begin your checkout process. select a ship-to address by clicking "ship to this address".  you may choose  to ship to another account shown, if applicable. shipment information will allow you to return to shopping cart to make to changes to your order (e.g. change quantity or add/remove additional products). also, you can select the option to "group the delivery into one shipment", if applicable. click "continue checkout" to proceed. on the payment method page, select your payment method. the options are to use a credit line (if applicable), use a saved credit card, or enter a new credit card. you may enter a purchase order number at the top of the payment method area. when finished click "continue checkout" to proceed. view order summary page for order details and accuracy, when finished click "place your order".  the order will be submitted for processing. alternatively, from the shopping cart page you could choose "express checkout" to complete your purchase payment information. the options are to use a credit line (if applicable), use a saved credit card, or enter a new credit card. you may enter a purchase order number at the top of the payment method area. when finished click "continue checkout" to proceed. view order summary page for order details and accuracy, when finished click "place your order".  the order will be submitted for processing. an order confirmation page will be displayed after you submit your order. if you do not get this page, your order has not been submitted.  you should receive an email confirmation for each order placed.  if your order has processed correctly please record your order number as a reference number. q: where did the products in my cart go? a: you must be logged in to place an online order. once you have added the items you wish to purchase into your shopping cart, you may save your cart items by using the "add all to favorite list" button and create a favorite list which will save all of your products. simply add a relevant name for your shopping list into the "- or - add a new list:" form field. you can later retrieve the products by using the "favorite lists" option from the shopping drop down menu and navigating to the relevant favorite list. q: how do i save my shopping cart? you must be logged in to place an online order. once you have added the items you wish to purchase into your shopping cart, you may save your cart items by using the "add all to favorite list" button and create a favorite list which will save all of your products. simply add a relevant name for your shopping list into the "- or - add a new list:" form field. you can later retrieve the products by using the "favorite lists" option from the shopping drop down menu and navigating to the relevant favorite list. q: where is my order? a: contact customer service toll-free at 1.888.820.6515 available monday through friday 8 a.m. - 8 p.m. est. for ups shipments, your tracking number is included in your order history detail (shopping->previous orders->details). clicking on your ups tracking number on this page will redirect you to the "track ups packages" page. your tracking number of interest will be listed in the first tracking number field. click on "track all package(s)" to display your shipment status. you can also track your orders online through the footer area under my account or alternatively, you can click on "track ups packages" under the shopping drop down menu located on the header bar. q: how do i know that my online order was received? a:  your order confirmation as displayed on your screen will reflect the newly created "order number(s)" that you can reference for tracking. in addition, you should receive an email confirmation showing your order was placed immediately after order has shipped. if you do not receive an email confirmation, please check the email address listed in your user profile. if your email address is correct, please contact our customer service department at 1.888.820.6515. q: if my account has multiple shipping addresses, will i be able to choose the correct one? a: yes. as you continue to place your order, the screen "pick a ship-to address" will allow you to choose one of the shipping addresses that are on file for your account.  if this information does not appear, please make sure that you have logged on to the correct account. product information q: how do i return a product(s) or make a claim? a: contact customer service at 1.888.820.6515. should the carrier/shipping company wish to inspect the shipment, the materials must be made available to them. q: whom do i contact for specific product questions? a: our technical experts can provide you with information for product questions, equipment questions, technical solutions, system match-ups, submittal/ cut-sheets, and can help you obtain technical specifications. for general customer product support, call 1.888.820.6515 available monday through friday 8 a.m. - 8 p.m. est. q: how can i find the product i'm looking for? a:  there are a number of ways to find products on the web site. search all categories: this will show you a hierarchy of products available on the web site. keyword search: enter words that describe your item and we will present you with a list of products that contain these words in their descriptions. part number search: enter one of our part numbers and we will show you that part. manufacturer search: enter a manufacturer name, and we will show you all of the products we stock by that manufacturer. technical information general system recommendations to take advantage of the exciting online experiences found on this site, the following systems are recommended. if you continue to have difficulty using our site after making the recommended changes, please let us know by sending an email to customercare@amsan.com. supportedbrowsers windows - microsoft internet explorer 8.0 or later version - download internet explorer - google chrome 7.0 or later version - download google chrome - firefox 4.0 or later version - download firefox macintosh - safari 5.1 or later version - download safari - firefox 4.0 or later version - download firefox screen resolution & display settings we highly recommend display settings of at least 1024 x 768 and 32 bit color quality. if your setting is 800 x 600, you may notice graphics and text extending off the edge of your monitor, or potentially wrapping around the screen and distorting the layout of the web pages. if your color depth is 256 colors, you may notice areas in the web page where your display was forced to round a "true color" to one of the 256 "palette colors". sometimes this "rounding" results in a completely different color. connection speed dsl or cable modem recommended (56k or faster minimum) css our pages, fonts, print views, and certain functional behaviors are controlled with .css files (cascading style sheets). typically, your browser's default setting should be fine. in older browsers, if the font appears too big, just set it one size smaller and check to see whether it looks better. this will make the pages appear closer to the way we have created them to look. most modern browsers "zoom" into the web page instead of allowing users to increase font size. try your browser's "zoom" feature if you would like to view the site with larger text. javascript this site uses javascript. to enjoy the many benefits we offer on our web site, be sure that your browser's javascript plug-in is enabled (if applicable). modal dialogues / popups if you do not see a response when you click a button or link such as the "quick info" link located under our products on some pages, you may have a popup blocker or a script blocker in effect. you will need to allow your browser to show popup windows or allow javascript/jquery while you are visiting our site. recommended plug-ins adobe acrobat reader 6.0 or later version to view pdf files. - get adobe reader now! adobe flash player 9.0 or later version to view video. - get adobe flash player now! q: how do i whitelist an email address? a: below is information on how to whitelist our email address with aol, yahoo, gmail, hotmail, outlook, apple mail, thunderbird and postini. even if your isp or email program is not listed, with these instructions you should be able to figure out how to whitelist our email address at any isp or with any email program. also, if you find email from donotreply@amsan.com in your spam or junk folder, please take that opportunity to tell your mail program that it is not spam by hitting the "not spam", "not junk" or similar button, as that will train your program to whitelist it. aol to add donotreply@amsan.com to your aol address book: open an email from us and then click the 'this is not spam' button click the mail menu and select address book wait for the address book window to pop up, then click the 'add' button wait for the address card for new contact window to load paste donotreply@amsan.com into the ‘other email’ field make our "from" address, donotreply@amsan.com, the primary email address by checking the appropriate box click "save" yahoo! to whitelist donotreply@amsan.com with yahoo!, you will need to set up a "filter" after first taking the following steps: if you find email from donotreply@amsan.com is going to your yahoo! bulk folder, open it and click "not spam" be sure that the address donotreply@amsan.com is not in your "blocked addresses" list. if donotreply@amsan.com is on your "blocked addresses" list, select it and click "remove block" now to create the filter: open your mail and click on "mail options" in the upper right hand corner select 'filters' (in the bottom left corner) on the filters page, click "add" select the "from header:" rule, and add "contains" and donotreply@amsan.com, which tells the system to put email with donotreply@amsan.com in your inbox and not the bulk folder. click the "choose folder" pull down menu and select 'inbox' pick the add filter button hotmail to whitelist our address with hotmail you will need to add donotreply@amsan.com to your hotmail safe list. here's how: first, if you find email from us in your hotmail junk folder, open the email and click "not junk" next, check to see if the email address donotreply@amsan.com is on your blocked senders list. if you find donotreply@amsan.com on your hotmail blocked senders list, select it and click on the "remove" button. next, open your mailbox and click "options" in the upper right hand corner at the top of the page, click on the "junk email protection" link next, click on "safe list", which is down near the bottom copy and paste donotreply@amsan.com where it says "type an address or domain" click the "add" button gmail first, if you find email from us in your gmail spam folder, select our email and click the "not spam" button next, open an email that you have received from us click on the little down-pointing-triangle-arrow next to "reply": click "add amsan to contacts list" microsoft outlook on the tools menu, click options on the preferences tab, click junk email on the safe senders tab, click add add donotreply@amsan.com where it says "add address" click ok thunderbird to whitelist in thunderbird, you will need to add donotreply@amsan.com to your address book, and then set up your thunderbird junk mail controls to whitelist your address book. first, if you find email from donotreply@amsan.com in your junk folder, right-click on our email and choose "mark as not junk" next, click the address book button highlight the personal address book click on "new card" in the "contact" tab of the new card, copy and paste donotreply@amsan.com to the email dialog box click "ok" next, to whitelist your address book, select "tools > junk mail controls" from the drop down menu update the "white lists" module under the "settings" tab by selecting "personal address book" from the drop down menu, and then check the box next to "do not mark messages as junk mail" click "ok" apple mail for os x first, if email from donotreply@amsan.com ends up in your junk folder, highlight or open it and click "not junk" at the top of your screen. then: go to mail > preferences from your mail menu go to the rules tab select add rule give this rule a name create a rule that says "if any of the following conditions are met: 'from' 'contains'" and then paste in "donotreply@amsan.com" from the actions, select 'move message' to mailbox 'inbox'. click "ok" comcast if you use comcast email, check to see if you have any of your email restriction settings turned on, as they may be blocking the sender’s email from reaching you. check this, and then whitelist the sender, by: signing in to comcast webmail, and selecting 'preferences' from the left menu selecting 'restrict incoming email' from the 'preferences' list selecting 'yes' to enable email controls select 'allow email from addresses listed below' entering the sender's email address, and clicking "add" postini you do not need to whitelist email from us in postini unless you find it trapped in the "junk" area by postini. log into your postini account look to see if any email from donotreply@amsan.com is listed in your junk area if you find email from donotreply@amsan.com in the junk area, check the check box next to the email from donotreply@amsan.com click the "deliver selected" link at the very top of the junk screen on the next screen, click the "approve sender" check box next to the email from donotreply@amsan.com click the "approve selected senders" button q: are there known bugs on the website? a. internet explorer's zoom feature could cause some images to distort or change placement. general information q: how do i get a paper catalog? a: click ‘catalog request’ located at the bottom of every page.  fill out the online catalog request form. our catalogs are free and should be received within 1 - 2 weeks. q: who do i contact for a w-9 form or a certificate of insurance? a: contact accounts receivable at 1.888.704.7280. q: who do i contact if i want to pay my invoice by credit card or check? a: contact accounts receivable at 1.888.704.7280. my account login / register my account forgot password previous orders invoices credits my quotes favorites lists favorite products my top products track my order customer service contact us returns special orders special order instructions resources catalog request custom catalog print bin labels online advantages learn more ordering made easy shopping resources web help website icon reference instructions frequently asked questions need more help? company info about us contact information privacy policy services terms and conditions factory direct terms and conditions terms of sale appliance parts dishwasher repair dryer repair microwave repair range repair refrigerator repair washer repair appliances air quality drinking fountains kitchen appliances laundry appliances small appliances building materials cabinetry ceiling coverings doors, windows, and glass floor & wall coverings floor & wall protectors lavatory products roofing maintenance and repair electrical communication products electrical controls electrical service surface trims wiring faucets bathroom faucets commercial and specialty faucets kitchen faucets tub and shower utility faucets gas products gas appliances gas connectors gas cylinders gas fittings gas lighting gas regulators tracpipe system tubing valves hardware builders hardware cabinet hardware commercial hardware door hardware fasteners flooring gate hardware home hardware organizational hardware rope / chain signage window coverings window hardware hvac chimney caps and dampers convection systems equipment maintenance forced air systems gas appliances hearth appliances hearth products hydronics pneumatic valves & steam controls temperature controls venting janitorial chemicals cleaning products cleaning tools & supplies dispensers drain maintenance products equipment equipment parts & accessories food service liners / waste disposal outdoor waste disposal paper products specialty lighting af designer lighting commercial lighting fixtures lamps lighting repair residential lighting fixtures miscellaneous automotive products consumables hospitality products literature packaging office products binders & binding systems calendars, planners & organizers carrying cases cash handling crafts & rec room products cutting & measuring tools desk organizers & accessories file & storage cabinets file folders & storage boxes food service products forms, recordkeeping & reference general office accessories labels, indexes & stamps mailers & shipping supplies maintenance & breakroom office furniture paper presentation & scheduling boards shipping & mailroom tape, adhesives & fasteners teaching & learning materials technology writing & correction supplies outdoor & pool supplies chemical applicators garden / patio accessories garden tools irrigation products outdoor cooking products outdoor power equipment pest control pool supplies seasonal products paint / sundries adhesive, sealants & tape applicators paint products painting aids site prep / clean-up products surface prep / repair tapes wall coverings plumbing arrestors bathroom accessories bathroom fixtures closet fittings dwv fittings dwv installation products fire protection flush valves insert fittings instruments lubricants malleable fittings pex fittings pipe pipe installation plastic pipe cements plumbing repair plumbing sealing materials pressure fittings pumps & well accessories screwed brass fittings shower pans sinks supply connectors tubing tubular products under-counter appliances valves water coolers water heater accessories water heaters water quality products waterworks safety products environmental spill containment fire / gas / water protection identification products lockout tagout products personal protection workplace safety security access control automotive security keys safes security devices tools access equipment corded power tools cordless power tools electronic devices hand tools industrial powered equipment locksmith tools pneumatic equipment power tool accessories powered equipment soldering equipment welding equipment