来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230091500/http://www.getfpv.com/terms
================================================================================

the terms and conditions javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. getfpv search all all electronics planes propellers accessories team blacksheep multi-rotors motors fpv equipment flight controllers batteries radios go welcome to getfpv. based in and shipping from florida, usa. my account my wishlist my cart checkout log in fpv equipmentmulti-rotorsmini multi-rotor storemini multi-rotorspower packsmini replacement partsmini esc'smini pdb'smini motorsmini propellersmini fpv gearmini accessoriesmini batteriesmini flight controllersready to fly (rtf) buildsqav-raccessories & partsqav180 / qav210 mini fpv quadcrash replacement partsqav250 mini fpv quadcrash replacement partsqav400 fpv quadcrash replacement partsqav500 fpv quadcrash replacement partsqav540g brushless gimbal quadcrash replacement partslumenier labsdanausblastpro tricopter delrin kittricopter accessoriestricopter crash replacement partsmulti-rotor armsmulti-rotor landing gearshop by brandaerial havocblackoutbladedji flite testgraupnerhovershiphubsanimmersionrcoverskyr-squared innovationsshen dronestarotteam blacksheepudi r/cxhoverplanesfpv planesreplacement partssailplanesaccessorieslaminatepower packageselectronicselectronic speed controllers (esc)voltage regulators / ubechd cameras and accessoriesservosbrushless gimbalsmemory cardspin headersled lightingbatteriesflight batteriesaccessory batteriesbattery accessoriesbattery chargersmotorsmotor combos & kitsbrushless gimbal motorsaccessories & partsradiosreceiverstransmittersrx / tx combosaccessoriesradio controllersflight controllerspropellersprop reducersprop adaptersaccessoriesfolding spinnersaccessorieslayerlensservo cablessma cablespower cables / connectorsa/v cablesparts & hardwareclothingglues and adhesiveswiretravel casesbanners / race gates home / terms and conditions terms and conditions getfpv notices, terms, and conditions (version 8/20/2015) getfpv, through getfpv.com, is the online store owned and operated by fpv manuals llc, a limited liability company under the laws of the state of florida, usa ("getfpv"). getfpv may update or change the below terms, conditions, policies, and notices at any time and without notice. 1.0 fpv rules and regulations the use and operation of fpv radio equipment (such as uhf long range systems or video transmission equipment) in the usa and many other countries may require a license and some countries may forbid its use entirely. in the usa, you will need a "ham" amateur radio license. it is your responsibility to ensure that the use of products you purchase from getfpv meet the requirements imposed by your government's rules and regulations for rf devices. do not purchase products from getfpv if you are unsure of the government requirements or are not able to comply with them. getfpv cannot be held responsible for your actions under any circumstance, including but not limited to if you use products purchased from getfpv in violation of your government's regulations. we sell our products with no claims for suitability or legality of operation whatsoever. 2.0 warning notice you acknowledge that you fully understand the inherent danger involved when operating multi-rotor and other model aircraft or vehicles. spinning propellers can cause severe injury. never work on your models with mounted propellers. lithium polymer (lipo) batteries can be unstable if not used or charged correctly and this can include combustion or spontaneously catching fire.  our power systems including motors, batteries and electronic speed control (esc) units can draw significant current, in some cases over 30 amps which can be dangerous. prevent electrical shock by always working with powered electronic systems safely de-energized. never short the electrical leads, reverse the leads or place the leads on your body at any time. 3.0 no warranty/liability getfpv provides no warranty of any kind for any of the equipment it sells or otherwise distributes. you assume all risks for any products purchased or received from getfpv and fpv manuals, llc. getfpv and fpv manuals, llc or its employees are not liable for any instance of injury to you or others, or damage or destruction of property.  additionally, getfpv and fpv manuals, llc are not liable for any damages consequential or inconsequential resulting from the use or application of any getfpv provided products.  we sell our equipment expressly without warranty or performance for any use or situation.  it is up to the user to ensure that the products safely meet the user’s intended purpose. 3.1 faulty items if an item you received from getfpv is deemed to be inoperable or faulty (“faulty item”)  due to a manufacturing defect, getfpv may replace or repair that item at its sole discretion, if it is deemed by getfpv that the fault is indeed due to a manufacturing defect and not user misuse including construction error. getfpv will not be liable for equipment that might have been lost and/or damaged as a result of the faulty item. as an example, if a video transmitter you received from getfpv is faulty and becomes inoperable during flight causing you to lose your airframe, getfpv may replace the faulty video transmitter, but not any other equipment such as the airframe that might have been lost and/or damaged due to the faulty video transmitter. 3.2 incorrectly published product details while every attempt is made to have accurate information on our website, getfpv is not liable for any issues that may result from incorrect product details published on the getfpv web site. please note that specifications and prices may change without notice. for confirmation of specifications, pricing or availability; please contact getfpv customer service directly. 4.0 returns please see getfpv's return policy. 5.0 shipping terms and conditions 5.1 commercial carriers you accept usps, ups, fedex and all other commercial carriers getfpv offers or chooses to fulfil your order ("mail carrier(s)") as reliable mail carriers and getfpv's carriers of choice. 5.2 shipping address we need a complete and valid street address to ship your products.   we do not allow orders to be shipped to the following: freight forwarders  - we ship internationally to almost any country in the world ourselves hotel and convention center addresses - we have had a problem with packages getting lost at hotels and convention centers. we require a permanent, verified, residential or established business address. po boxes, including apo addresses - shipments to po boxes and apo addresses are reviewed on a case by case basis and may be declined. to avoid your order being held for review, use your regular residential or business address. cod - we never ship cash on delivery. all products must be prepaid. export compliance - we strive to fully comply to all laws of the usa, including embargo to exports to named countries, companies and individuals. 5.3 tracking and lost shipments if you select "free shipping", getfpv will send your packages with united states postal service ("usps"). depending on the type of usps service chosen by getfpv, the package may show receipt by the usps, but may not show any tracking information after it was received by the usps. even mail service types that typically provide full tracking information to your location may sometimes not show any information beyond the usps receiving the package. getfpv has no influence or control over the internal processes of mail carriers or the local postal system of your country. getfpv cannot be held liable for any mistakes made by a mail carrier or your local country's postal service. if the tracking information for your package shows receipt by any of getfpv's mail carriers, getfpv is not responsible if your package never arrives at your location. no refunds will be provided if your package is lost in the mail system either in the usa or in your destination country. almost all packages sent by getfpv reach their recipient. please contact the mail carrier directly if there is a shipping issue or claim. 5.4 shipping insurance when getfpv sends your order with any mail carrier, the delivery is not 'insured'. 5.5 signature requirements none of the mail services offered by getfpv require a signature on delivery of your package. only in certain cases and in the sole discretion of getfpv will a signature be required. 5.6 customs, duties, and "return to sender" packages for orders shipped outside the usa, you are solely responsible for any and all import duties your local customs office may impose on your order. if a package is returned to getfpv due to the mail carrier's inability to collect customs duties or deliver the package to your provided ship-to address, getfpv will not refund a) shipping costs from getfpv to your location and b) the cost of returning the package back to getfpv, when and if the package is returned to getfpv. in the event that a package can not be delivered due to the issues listed in this paragraph and the overall value of your order is less than the cost of returning the package back to getfpv, getfpv may elect to 'abandon' the package. if your package is abandoned, you will not receive a refund. 5.7 backordered items if your order contains items that are 'backordered', your entire order will be held until the backordered item(s) come(s) into stock. all orders ship complete. partial shipments are only available under certain conditions and in the sole discretion of getfpv. items of your order that are not on backorder will be held in reserve for you so that no previously purchased item runs out of stock while we wait on the backordered item(s). 5.8 canceled order refunds all orders that are declined by us due to a) violation of any of our shipping rules; or b) suspected fraud, are automatically voided with your method of payment and canceled.  in most cases, you will be notified of any order cancellations. 5.9 shipment times and delays orders placed with getfpv usually take at least 1 business day to leave our warehouse from the time your order is placed. "next-day" and other expedited forms of shipping are calculated from the point in time that a getfpv mail carrier receives an order from our warehouse after processing. in rare cases and depending on your ship to address, it can take much longer than indicated for a package to reach you and independent of the mail service you chose during check-out. the delivery time frames provided are averages for most mail pieces. getfpv is not responsible if a mail carrier or your local country's postal service delays the arrival of your package due to custom holds or other issues. getfpv does not provide refunds in case your package is delayed. help email us call us +1 (941) 444-0021 our usa location shipping fast, world-wide shipping free shipping for us orders $60+ shipping tips connect newsletter sign-up facebook twitter fpvlab forum links gift certificates dealer catalog terms & conditions return policy contact us © 2015 getfpv. all rights reserved.