来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20170926062840/http://www.getfpv.com/terms
================================================================================

terms and conditions javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. my account my wishlist log in welcome to getfpv getfpv +1 (941) 444-0021contact us 0item(s) you have no items in your shopping cart. search: all all accessories action cameras batteries commercial / industrial electronics fpv equipment micro quadcopters mini quadcopters motors planes propellers quadcopter bundles radios ready-to-fly drones / parts home fpv equipment ready-to-fly drones / parts lumenier qav rtf's/partsdjiphantommavicsparkinspireflamewheels seriesgimbalsconnex falcore rtf's/partstbs rtf's/partsholybro rtf's/partsimmersionrc vortex rtfs/partshd rtf's/partsmicro rtf/bnf4" rtf quadcopters5" rtf quadcopters6"+ rtf quadcopters quadcopter bundles beginner micro fpv quad bundlepro micro fpv quad bundlemulti-purpose fpv quad bundlefpv racing quad bundlequad building tools bundlelos to fpv mini quad upgrade bundlertf quadcopter bundle micro quadcopters micro rtf/bnfmicro motorsmicro batteries / chargersmicro fpvmicro propellersmicro flight controllersmicro antennasmicro receiversmicro airframesmicro accessories & parts mini quadcopters lumenier qav framesqav-coderedqav-x charpuqav-xs stretch xqav-skitzoqav-ulxqav-r and qav-rxlqav 180/210qav 250multigp spec race classhd quad frames3" quad frames4" quad frames5" quad frames6" quad framesmini parts / accessories commercial / industrial djiphantommavicsparkinspireflamewheels seriesgimbalslumenier qavqav400 fpv quadqav500 fpv quadgopro karmateam black sheep (tbs) discovery electronics flight controllersmini quad fc's and partsaio (all in one) fc'sairplane fcs and partscommercial drone fcs and partsfc's with gpselectronic speed controllers (esc)mini quad esc's4 in 1 esc'scommercial/consumer esc'sesc combos and power systemspower distribution boards (pdb)fpv racing timing systemsled lightingvoltage regulators / ubecservosbrushless gimbalsmemory cardspin headers motors mini quad motorsmicro quad motorscommercial/industrial motorsgimbal motorsairplane motorsmotor combos and power systemsmotor accessories & parts batteries mini quad flight batteriesmicro quad flight batteriescommercial / industrial batteriesbattery chargersbattery and charger accessoriesaccessory batteries radios radio controllersradio receiversradio transmitter modules (tx)radio rx/tx comboslong range systems and antennasradio accessories propellers mini quad propellersmicro quad propellerscommercial / industrial propellersairplane propellersprop reducersprop adapterspropeller accessoriesfolding spinners action cameras action camerascamera mounts and protectioncamera filterscamera accessoriesmemory cards planes fpv planessailplaneslaminatepower packagesparts & accessories accessories gift cardclothing & stickersbanners / race gatestoolstravel cases & backpackscables / connectorsparts & hardwarewireglues and adhesiveslayerlensservo cablessma cablesa/v cablesflight simulators shop by categories home fpv equipment ready-to-fly drones / parts lumenier qav rtf's/partsdjiphantommavicsparkinspireflamewheels seriesgimbalsconnex falcore rtf's/partstbs rtf's/partsholybro rtf's/partsimmersionrc vortex rtfs/partshd rtf's/partsmicro rtf/bnf4" rtf quadcopters5" rtf quadcopters6"+ rtf quadcopters quadcopter bundles beginner micro fpv quad bundlepro micro fpv quad bundlemulti-purpose fpv quad bundlefpv racing quad bundlequad building tools bundlelos to fpv mini quad upgrade bundlertf quadcopter bundle micro quadcopters micro rtf/bnfmicro motorsmicro batteries / chargersmicro fpvmicro propellersmicro flight controllersmicro antennasmicro receiversmicro airframesmicro accessories & parts mini quadcopters lumenier qav framesqav-coderedqav-x charpuqav-xs stretch xqav-skitzoqav-ulxqav-r and qav-rxlqav 180/210qav 250multigp spec race classhd quad frames3" quad frames4" quad frames5" quad frames6" quad framesmini parts / accessories commercial / industrial djiphantommavicsparkinspireflamewheels seriesgimbalslumenier qavqav400 fpv quadqav500 fpv quadgopro karmateam black sheep (tbs) discovery electronics flight controllersmini quad fc's and partsaio (all in one) fc'sairplane fcs and partscommercial drone fcs and partsfc's with gpselectronic speed controllers (esc)mini quad esc's4 in 1 esc'scommercial/consumer esc'sesc combos and power systemspower distribution boards (pdb)fpv racing timing systemsled lightingvoltage regulators / ubecservosbrushless gimbalsmemory cardspin headers motors mini quad motorsmicro quad motorscommercial/industrial motorsgimbal motorsairplane motorsmotor combos and power systemsmotor accessories & parts batteries mini quad flight batteriesmicro quad flight batteriescommercial / industrial batteriesbattery chargersbattery and charger accessoriesaccessory batteries radios radio controllersradio receiversradio transmitter modules (tx)radio rx/tx comboslong range systems and antennasradio accessories propellers mini quad propellersmicro quad propellerscommercial / industrial propellersairplane propellersprop reducersprop adapterspropeller accessoriesfolding spinners action cameras action camerascamera mounts and protectioncamera filterscamera accessoriesmemory cards planes fpv planessailplaneslaminatepower packagesparts & accessories accessories gift cardclothing & stickersbanners / race gatestoolstravel cases & backpackscables / connectorsparts & hardwarewireglues and adhesiveslayerlensservo cablessma cablesa/v cablesflight simulators home terms and conditions product was successfully added to your shopping cart. go to cart page continue terms and conditions getfpv notices, terms, and conditions getfpv.com is the online store owned and operated by getfpv llc, a limited liability company under the laws of the state of delaware, usa ("getfpv"). getfpv may update or change the below terms, conditions, policies, and notices at any time and without notice. 1.0 fpv rules and regulations the use and operation of fpv radio equipment (such as uhf long range systems or video transmission equipment) in the usa and many other countries may require a license and some countries may forbid its use entirely. in the usa, you will need a "ham" amateur radio license. it is your responsibility to ensure that the use of products you purchase from getfpv meet the requirements imposed by your government's rules and regulations for rf devices. do not purchase products from getfpv if you are unsure of the government requirements or are not able to comply with them. getfpv cannot be held responsible for your actions under any circumstance, including but not limited to if you use products purchased from getfpv in violation of your government's regulations. we sell our products with no claims for suitability or legality of operation whatsoever. 2.0 warning notice you acknowledge that you fully understand the inherent danger involved when operating multi-rotor and other model aircraft or vehicles. spinning propellers can cause severe injury. never work on your models with mounted propellers. lithium polymer (lipo) batteries can be unstable if not used or charged correctly and this can include combustion or spontaneously catching fire.  our power systems including motors, batteries and electronic speed control (esc) units can draw significant current, in some cases over 30 amps which can be dangerous. prevent electrical shock by always working with powered electronic systems safely de-energized. never short the electrical leads, reverse the leads or place the leads on your body at any time. 3.0 no warranty/liability getfpv provides no warranty of any kind for any of the equipment it sells or otherwise distributes. you assume all risks for any products purchased or received from getfpv. getfpv and its employees are not liable for any instance of injury to you or others, or damage or destruction of property.  additionally, getfpv is not liable for any damages consequential or inconsequential resulting from the use or application of any getfpv provided products.  we sell our equipment expressly without warranty or performance for any use or situation.  it is up to the user to ensure that the products safely meet the user’s intended purpose. 3.1 faulty items if an item you received from getfpv is deemed to be inoperable or faulty (“faulty item”)  due to a manufacturing defect, getfpv may replace or repair that item at its sole discretion, if it is deemed by getfpv that the fault is indeed due to a manufacturing defect and not user misuse including construction error. getfpv will not be liable for equipment that might have been lost and/or damaged as a result of the faulty item. as an example, if a video transmitter you received from getfpv is faulty and becomes inoperable during flight causing you to lose your airframe, getfpv may replace the faulty video transmitter, but not any other equipment such as the airframe that might have been lost and/or damaged due to the faulty video transmitter. 3.2 incorrectly published product details while every attempt is made to have accurate information on our website, getfpv is not liable for any issues that may result from incorrect product details published on the getfpv web site. please note that specifications and prices may change without notice. for confirmation of specifications, pricing or availability; please contact getfpv customer service directly. 4.0 returns please see getfpv's return policy. 5.0 shipping terms and conditions 5.1 commercial carriers you accept usps, ups, fedex and all other commercial carriers getfpv offers or chooses to fulfil your order ("mail carrier(s)") as reliable mail carriers and getfpv's carriers of choice. 5.2 shipping address we need a complete and valid street address to ship your products.   we do not allow orders to be shipped to the following: freight forwarders  - we ship internationally to almost any country in the world ourselves hotel and convention center addresses - we have had a problem with packages getting lost at hotels and convention centers. we require a permanent, verified, residential or established business address. po boxes, including apo addresses - shipments to po boxes and apo addresses are reviewed on a case by case basis and may be declined. to avoid your order being held for review, use your regular residential or business address. cod - we never ship cash on delivery. all products must be prepaid. export compliance - we strive to fully comply to all laws of the usa, including embargo to exports to named countries, companies and individuals. 5.3 tracking and lost shipments if you select "free shipping", getfpv will send your packages with united states postal service ("usps"). depending on the type of usps service chosen by getfpv, the package may show receipt by the usps, but may not show any tracking information after it was received by the usps. even mail service types that typically provide full tracking information to your location may sometimes not show any information beyond the usps receiving the package. getfpv has no influence or control over the internal processes of mail carriers or the local postal system of your country. getfpv cannot be held liable for any mistakes made by a mail carrier or your local country's postal service. if the tracking information for your package shows receipt by any of getfpv's mail carriers, getfpv is not responsible if your package never arrives at your location. no refunds will be provided if your package is lost in the mail system either in the usa or in your destination country. almost all packages sent by getfpv reach their recipient. please contact the mail carrier directly if there is a shipping issue or claim. 5.4 shipping insurance when getfpv sends your order with any mail carrier, the delivery is not insured. additional and optional "shipping insurance" may be offered for an additional charge at getfpv's sole discretion. 5.5 signature requirements none of the mail services offered by getfpv require a signature on delivery of your package. only in certain cases and in the sole discretion of getfpv will a signature be required. 5.6 customs, duties, and "return to sender" packages for orders shipped outside the usa, you are solely responsible for any and all import duties your local customs office may impose on your order. if a package is returned to getfpv due to the mail carrier's inability to collect customs duties or deliver the package to your provided ship-to address, getfpv will not refund a) shipping costs from getfpv to your location and b) the cost of returning the package back to getfpv, when and if the package is returned to getfpv. in the event that a package can not be delivered due to the issues listed in this paragraph and the overall value of your order is less than the cost of returning the package back to getfpv, getfpv may elect to 'abandon' the package. if your package is abandoned, you will not receive a refund. 5.7 backordered items if your order contains items that are 'backordered', your entire order will be held until the backordered item(s) come(s) into stock. all orders ship complete. partial shipments are only available under certain conditions and in the sole discretion of getfpv. items of your order that are not on backorder will be held in reserve for you so that no previously purchased item runs out of stock while we wait on the backordered item(s). 5.8 canceled order refunds all orders that are declined by us due to a) violation of any of our shipping rules; or b) suspected fraud, are automatically voided with your method of payment and canceled.  in most cases, you will be notified of any order cancellations. 5.9 shipment times and delays orders having all items in-stock and placed before 2:30pm est monday-friday typically ship the same day.  exceptions may occur due to holidays, payment review delays or other unforeseen issues.  orders placed after 2:30pm est will typically leave our warehouse the next business day from the time your order is placed. transit times for "next-day" and other expedited forms of shipping are calculated from the point in time that the mail carrier picks up an order from our warehouse after processing. in rare cases and depending on your ship to address, it can take longer than indicated for a package to reach you. this delay is independent of the mail service you chose during check-out. the delivery time frames provided are averages for most mail pieces. getfpv is not responsible if a mail carrier or your local country's postal service delays the arrival of your package due to custom holds or other issues. getfpv does not provide refunds in case your package is delayed. 5.10 free shipping orders over $60 in the united states may qualify for free 2-day shipping.  some exceptions apply such as priority mail delays based on far western us or remote locations, or speciality items as noted on individual product pages.  batteries can only be shipped ground and within the contiguous 48 united states. while free shipping is still available for orders containing batteries, 2-3 day shipping cannot be guaranteed due to the required ground shipping method.  free shipping does not apply for certain items due to their size or weight as noted at the bottom of individual product pages. contact us contact information address:1060 goodrich ave, sarasota, fl 34236 phone:+1 (941) 444-0021 email:leave us a message customer service days/hours:mon - fri / 9:00am - 6:00pm est shipping fast, world-wide shipping get free shipping on most orders $50+ use coupon code freeshipping shipping tips connect newsletter sign-up facebook twitter youtube links career opportunities dealer catalog terms & conditions return policy ©copyright 2017 by getfpv llc. all rights reserved.