来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191217170737/https://www.getfpv.com/customer-service
================================================================================

customer services javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. welcome to getfpv my account my wishlist log in menu search order status contact us account cart 0 recently added item(s) × you have no items in your shopping cart. search: my account my wishlist my cart checkout register log in shop by categories home / customer services × price: actual price: add to cart our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price." as a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page. you have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. you can simply remove the item from your cart. our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price." as a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page. you have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. you can simply remove the item from your cart. frequently asked questions most popular help topics how can i check the status of my order? how do i return an item? how do i cancel or make changes to my order? career opportunities does getfpv have a catalog? online ordering shipping tips payment options easy returns change or cancel an order gift orders international customers sales tax online services order status emails from getfpv.com store locator order gift cards first time visitor create my getfpv.com shopper account registration benefits site requirements & tips fpv drone learning resources customer service shipping rates payment options gifting privacy & security prop 65 fpv drone learning resources getfpv works with many industry leaders in learning and growing fpv drone experiences, below is a shortlist of sites we host internally and partners with: getfpv learn fpv frenzy oscar liang getfpv.com does utilize javascript & requires cookies to be enabled to complete a transaction. for more information on how to manage your cookies click here. emails from getfpv.com getfpv.com will on occasion send out emails regarding upcoming sales and events. we also send an email announcing new products, which is usually done bi-weekly. click here to subscribe or unsubscribe. we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us, or if we need to inform you about your order. when you make a purchase, we will send you emails regarding your order and, from time to time, may also need to contact you via telephone or traditional mail. we may also send emails regarding order confirmation, shipping notification, or that there was a problem with your order. it is important that you enter a valid email address when you order so that we may properly communicate with you. at no time will we add your email address to our email list, unless we have your permission to do so. may i cancel or change my order after it is submitted? getfpv begins processing your order immediately, therefore, it may not be possible to cancel the order. requests for cancellations may be conducted by phone or email only. to request the status of your order, please call our customer care center at 941-444-0021 during business hours monday – friday 9am to 6pm eastern. we apologize but order details including items, address changes, and credit card information may not be changed or modified after they are submitted. a new replacement order must be submitted to correct any customer or order information that is in error. please contact customer care to assist you with your request. what forms of payment does getfpv.com accept for online purchases? we currently accept the following forms of payment for online purchases: visa mastercard discover american express amazon pay paypal we are unable to accept cash, checks and credit vouchers for online purchases. getfpv.com does not require that your billing address be within the continental u.s., alaska, hawaii, us virgin islands and puerto rico. we can accept orders placed with overseas bank credit cards or international billing addresses. will i be charged sales tax on my order? getfpv does collect sales tax on orders that are shipped to an address as required by individual state sales tax nexus laws in the following states: . arizona, for additional information please go to the arizona department of revenue's website. arkansas, for additional information please go to the arkansas department of finance and adminstration's website. california, for additional information please go to the california franchise tax board website. colorado, for additional information please go to the colorado department of revenue's website. georgia, for additional information please go to the georgia department of revenue's website. hawaii, for additional information please go to the hawaii department of revenue's website. illinois, for additional information please go to the illinois department of revenue's website. indiana, for additional information please go to the indiana department of revenue's website. iowa, for additional information please go to the iowa department of revenue's website. kansas, for additional information please go to the kansas department of revenue's website. kentucky, for additional information please go to the kentucky department of revenue's website. louisiana, for additional information please go to the louisiana department of revenue's website. maine, for additional information please go to the maine department of revenue's website. maryland, for additional information please go to the maryland department of revenue's website. michigan, for additional information please go to the michigan department of revenue's website. minnesota, for additional information please go to the minnesota department of revenue's website. nebraska, for additional information please go to the nebraska department of revenue's website. nevada, for additional information please go to the nevada department of revenue's website. new jersey, for additional information please go to the new jersey department of revenue's website. new york, for additional information please go to the new york department of revenue's website. north carolina, for additional information please go to the north carolina department of revenue's website. north dakota, for additional information please go to the north dakota department of revenue's website. ohio, for additional information please go to the ohio department of taxation's website. oklahoma, for additional information please go to the oklahoma department of revenue's website. pennsylvania, for additional information please go to the pennsylvania department of revenue's website. rhode island, for additional information please go to the rhode island division of taxation's website. south dakota, for additional information please go to the south dakota department of revenue's website. tennessee, for additional information please go to the tennessee department of revenue's website. texas, for additional information please go to the texas department of revenue's website. utah, for additional information please go to the utah department of revenue's website. vermont, for additional information please go to the vermont department of revenue's website. virginia, for additional information please go to the virginia department of revenue's website. west virginia, for additional information please go to the west virginia department of revenue's website. washington, for additional information please go to the washington department of revenue's website. wisconsin, for additional information please go to the wisconsin department of revenue's website. wyoming, for additional information please go to the wyoming department of revenue's website. if you are placing an order on behalf of a tax-exempt organization, please email or fax your proof of tax-exempt status to tax@getfpv.com. when will my credit card be charged for an order? your credit card will be charged immediately after you placed an online order in most cases. what is your pricing policy? getfpv offers a wide variety of products at fair, competitive prices every day. product pricing can vary from day to day depending on current promotions and discounts. in the event of a pricing or product description error, getfpv reserves the right to correct errors, inaccuracies and to change or update information at any time without notification. getfpv effective dates for sales and offers are based on eastern time only. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. if you have saved an item in your shopping cart, please be aware item pricing and availability may have changed since adding to the shopping cart. getfpv is now offering price match guarantee. does getfpv have a catalog? getfpv does not produce a catalog. we do have sales published on social media and emails. as our sales usually run for a short time period, we do not mail our fliers. register your email address with us so that you receive current sale information. click here to register. or join our facebook group here. where can i connect with getfpv? connect with us for exclusive offers and the latest updates on the latest fpv and drone life. getfpv.com site requirements getfpv strives to create a friendly & helpful online experience. the website is best viewed by the following browsers via desktop or tablet: mozilla firefox chrome safari getfpv.com does utilize javascript & requires cookies to be enabled to complete a transaction. for more information on how to manage your cookies click here. where can i find more information on getfpv? to learn more about getfpv in the drone community click here. to view our privacy policy click here to learn about joining our team click here what are the benefits of registering for a getfpv shopper account? getfpv.com shopper account benefits include: express checkout view order history create and save wish lists tack current orders save an address book click here to get started. what if i received damaged or defective items? if you receive a damaged or defective item, contact a customer care associate through our, email support@getfpv.com or call 941-444-0021. please be sure to have your order number, item info and tracking number from your original confirmation e-mail. please know in some cases we may ask for pictures of the damage to for our quality control purposes. if you do not contact customer service, you are responsible for all return shipping charges. attention california residents: prop 65 warning: all products may not meet california proposition 65 requirements. getfpv products meet all applicable federal safety and warning requirements as enforced by the united states federal government. for more information about prop 65 please visit www.oehha.ca.gov/prop65/getnsrls.html. copyright & trademark notice getfpv.com and the web pages accessed thereby are owned by getfpv llc. and/or its third-party licensors. all trademarks and service marks appearing in these web pages, as well as all other proprietary materials depicted herein (the text, images, photographs, graphics, user interface, and other content), are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution or confusing or misleading use under national and international copyright and trademark laws, as applicable. except where expressly stated otherwise, you are not permitted to copy reproduce, modify, distribute, display, transmit, adapt or change in any way any aspect of these web pages for any other purpose whatsoever without the prior written permission of getfpv and/or its third-party licensors. © getfpv, llc and/or its third-party licensors. all rights reserved. customer services faq crash cash (loyalty program) faq address:1060 goodrich ave, sarasota, fl 34236 phone:+1 (941) 444-0021 email:technical support order support customer service days/hours:mon - fri / 9:00am - 6:00pm est shopping getfpv benefits discounts and coupons drone brands check order status fast, worldwide shipping get free shipping on most orders $80+ most orders $120+ qualify for free 2-3 day shipping shipping tips return policy connect newsletter and text message sign-up facebook twitter youtube instagram auvsi clubs, tsa, stems links career opportunities reseller catalog terms & conditions privacy policy © 2019 getfpv llc. all rights reserved. this website requires cookies to provide all of its features. for more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our privacy policy page. to accept cookies from this site, please click the allow button below. allow