来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221230001334/https://www.getfpv.com/customer-service
================================================================================

customer services order status contact sign in sign in create an account cart account sign in sign out my account my wishlist order status support contact shop by category shop by category view all fpv equipment new products brands we love ready-to-fly drones drone bundles quadcopter frames micro quadcopters commercial / industry electronics motors batteries / chargers radios propellers action cameras planes accessories 3d printing on sale new products drone bundles drone bundles view all diy fpv drone kits commercial / industry commercial / industry view all cinematography education dji lumenier brands we love brands we love view all lumenier xilo betafpv t-motor emax team black sheep (tbs) fat shark flywoo frsky orqa iflight drone pilot brands on sale on sale view all clearance learn about fpv shop by category fpv equipment fpv equipment fpv goggles and accessories hd fpv equipment dji digital hd fpv system hdzero digital hd fpv system fat shark digital hd fpv system fpv cameras and accessories flight cameras flight camera lenses fpv antennas lumenier axii 2 fpv antennas lumenier axii hd antennas lumenier micro axii 2 fpv antenna mounts fpv monitors video receivers 5.8ghz 2.4ghz 1.3 ghz video transmitters 5.8ghz 2.4ghz new products brands we love brands we love lumenier xilo betafpv t-motor emax team black sheep (tbs) fat shark flywoo frsky orqa iflight drone pilot brands johnnyfpv skitzo fpv joshua bardwell mr. steele - ethix mck (min chan kim) tomz chief fincky fpv ready-to-fly drones ready-to-fly drones built in-house rtfs lumenier qav rtfs micro rtf/bnf 3" rtf quadcopters 4" rtf quadcopters 5" rtf quadcopters 6"+ rtf quadcopters dji avata dji fpv drone mavic dji air 2s drone bundles drone bundles diy fpv drone kits quadcopter frames quadcopter frames lumenier qav frames qav-pro qav-s joshua bardwell special edition qav-s johnnyfpv special edition qav-s qav-cine qav-r 2 qav-r 2 deadcat qav-rxl 2 legacy lumenier frames xilo frames blue hornet phreak phreakstyle 3" quad frames 3" quad replacement parts 4" quad frames 4" quad replacement parts 5" quad frames 5" quad replacement parts 5" fpv racing quad frames 6"+ quad frames 6" quad replacement parts micro quadcopters micro quadcopters micro rtf/bnf micro motors micro batteries / chargers micro fpv micro propellers micro flight controllers micro antennas micro receivers micro airframes micro accessories & parts commercial / industry commercial / industry cinematography ready to fly cinema drones frames electronics motors batteries propellers accessories cinema cameras and lenses education grade k - 2 grade 3 - 5 grade 6 - 8 grade 9 - 12 college dji avata phantom mavic spark inspire flamewheel s series gimbals dji air 2s lumenier lu professional motors qav400 fpv quad qav500 fpv quad electronics electronics flight controllers mini flight controllers micro flight controllers aio (all in one) fc's airplane fcs and parts commercial drone fcs and parts gps systems / modules electronic speed controllers (esc) single esc's 4 in 1 esc's commercial/consumer esc's esc combos and power systems fc / esc stacks power distribution boards (pdb) led lighting voltage regulators / smoke stoppers / capacitors servos brushless gimbals motors motors mini quad motors micro quad motors commercial / cinematography motors gimbal motors airplane motors motor combos and power systems motor accessories & parts motor bells batteries / chargers batteries / chargers mini quad flight batteries micro quad flight batteries battery bundles commercial / industrial batteries accessory batteries battery chargers parallel charging boards battery and charger accessories lipo straps lithium ion batteries radios radios radio controllers frsky radios radiomaster radios tbs radios dji radios radio antennas radio receivers radio transmitter modules (tx) radio rx/tx combos long range systems and antennas radio accessories propellers propellers mini quad propellers micro quad propellers commercial / industrial propellers airplane propellers prop reducers prop adapters propeller locknuts and accessories x-class propellers propeller guards and ducts action cameras action cameras action cameras action camera mounts and cases camera filters camera accessories planes planes fpv planes laminate power packages parts & accessories plane electronics accessories accessories gift cards clothing & stickers banners / race gates tools travel cases & backpacks cables / connectors parts & hardware wire glues and adhesives servo cables sma cables a/v cables flight simulators carbon fiber sheets toys 3d printing 3d printing 3d printers filament 3d printed parts antenna mounts camera mounts accessories custom 3d printing on sale on sale clearance new products drone bundles drone bundles diy fpv drone kits commercial / industry commercial / industry cinematography ready to fly cinema drones frames electronics motors batteries propellers accessories cinema cameras and lenses education grade k - 2 grade 3 - 5 grade 6 - 8 grade 9 - 12 college dji avata phantom mavic spark inspire flamewheel s series gimbals dji air 2s lumenier lu professional motors qav400 fpv quad qav500 fpv quad shop by brand shop by brand lumenier xilo betafpv t-motor emax team black sheep (tbs) fat shark flywoo frsky orqa iflight drone pilot brands johnnyfpv skitzo fpv joshua bardwell mr. steele - ethix mck (min chan kim) tomz chief fincky fpv on sale on sale clearance learn about fpv checkout using your account email address password sign in forgot your password? checkout as a new customer creating an account has many benefits: see order and shipping status track order history check out faster create an account skip to content home / customer services frequently asked questions most popular help topics how can i check the status of my order? how do i return an item? how do i cancel or make changes to my order? career opportunities does getfpv have a catalog? online ordering shipping tips payment options easy returns change or cancel an order gift orders international customers sales tax online services order status emails from getfpv.com store locator order gift cards first time visitor create my getfpv.com shopper account registration benefits site requirements & tips fpv drone learning resources customer service shipping rates payment options gifting privacy & security prop 65 fpv drone learning resources getfpv works with many industry leaders in learning and growing fpv drone experiences, below is a shortlist of sites we host internally and partners with: getfpv learn fpv frenzy oscar liang getfpv.com does utilize javascript & requires cookies to be enabled to complete a transaction. for more information on how to manage your cookies click here. emails from getfpv.com getfpv.com will on occasion send out emails regarding upcoming sales and events. we also send an email announcing new products, which is usually done bi-weekly. click here to subscribe or unsubscribe. we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us, or if we need to inform you about your order. when you make a purchase, we will send you emails regarding your order and, from time to time, may also need to contact you via telephone or traditional mail. we may also send emails regarding order confirmation, shipping notification, or that there was a problem with your order. it is important that you enter a valid email address when you order so that we may properly communicate with you. at no time will we add your email address to our email list, unless we have your permission to do so. may i cancel or change my order after it is submitted? getfpv begins processing your order immediately, therefore, it may not be possible to cancel the order. requests for cancellations may be conducted by phone or email only. to request the status of your order, please call our customer care center at 941-444-0021 during business hours monday – friday 11am to 6pm eastern. we apologize but order details including items, address changes, and credit card information may not be changed or modified after they are submitted. a new replacement order must be submitted to correct any customer or order information that is in error. please contact customer care to assist you with your request. what forms of payment does getfpv.com accept for online purchases? we currently accept the following forms of payment for online purchases: visa mastercard discover american express amazon pay paypal we are unable to accept cash, checks, and credit vouchers for online purchases. getfpv.com does not require that your billing address is within the continental u.s., alaska, hawaii, us virgin islands, and puerto rico. we can accept orders placed with overseas bank credit cards or international billing addresses. will i be charged sales tax on my order? getfpv does collect sales tax on orders that are shipped to an address as required by individual state sales tax nexus laws in the following states: alabama, for additional information please go to the alabama department of revenue's website. arizona, for additional information please go to the arizona department of revenue's website. arkansas, for additional information please go to the arkansas department of finance and administration's website. california, for additional information please go to the california franchise tax board website. colorado, for additional information please go to the colorado department of revenue's website. connecticut, for additional information please go to the connecticut department of revenue service's website. georgia, for additional information please go to the georgia department of revenue's website. hawaii, for additional information please go to the hawaii department of revenue's website. idaho, for additional information please go to the idaho department of revenue's website. illinois, for additional information please go to the illinois department of revenue's website. indiana, for additional information please go to the indiana department of revenue's website. iowa, for additional information please go to the iowa department of revenue's website. kansas, for additional information please go to the kansas department of revenue's website. kentucky, for additional information please go to the kentucky department of revenue's website. louisiana, for additional information please go to the louisiana department of revenue's website. maine, for additional information please go to the maine department of revenue's website. maryland, for additional information please go to the maryland department of revenue's website. massachusetts, for additional information please go to the massachusetts department of revenue's website. michigan, for additional information please go to the michigan department of revenue's website. minnesota, for additional information please go to the minnesota department of revenue's website. nebraska, for additional information please go to the nebraska department of revenue's website. nevada, for additional information please go to the nevada department of revenue's website. new jersey, for additional information please go to the new jersey department of revenue's website. new mexico, for additional information please go to the new mexico department of revenue's website. new york, for additional information please go to the new york department of revenue's website. north carolina, for additional information please go to the north carolina department of revenue's website. ohio, for additional information please go to the ohio department of taxation's website. oklahoma, for additional information please go to the oklahoma department of revenue's website. pennsylvania, for additional information please go to the pennsylvania department of revenue's website. rhode island, for additional information please go to the rhode island division of taxation's website. south carolina, for additional information please go to the south carolina department of revenue's website. south dakota, for additional information please go to the south dakota department of revenue's website. tennessee, for additional information please go to the tennessee department of revenue's website. texas, for additional information please go to the texas department of revenue's website. utah, for additional information please go to the utah department of revenue's website. vermont, for additional information please go to the vermont department of revenue's website. virginia, for additional information please go to the virginia department of revenue's website. west virginia, for additional information please go to the west virginia department of revenue's website. washington, for additional information please go to the washington department of revenue's website. wisconsin, for additional information please go to the wisconsin department of revenue's website. wyoming, for additional information please go to the wyoming department of revenue's website. if you are placing an order on behalf of a tax-exempt organization, please email or fax your proof of tax-exempt status to tax@getfpv.com. when will my credit card be charged for an order? your credit card will be charged immediately after you placed an online order in most cases. what is your pricing policy? getfpv offers a wide variety of products at fair, competitive prices every day. product pricing can vary from day to day depending on current promotions and discounts. in the event of a pricing or product description error, getfpv reserves the right to correct errors, inaccuracies and to change or update information at any time without notification. getfpv effective dates for sales and offers are based on eastern time only. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. if you have saved an item in your shopping cart, please be aware item pricing and availability may have changed since adding to the shopping cart. getfpv is now offering price match guarantee. does getfpv have a catalog? getfpv does not produce a catalog. we do have sales published on social media and emails. as our sales usually run for a short time period, we do not mail our fliers. register your email address with us so that you receive current sale information. click here to register. or join our facebook group here. where can i connect with getfpv? connect with us for exclusive offers and the latest updates on the latest fpv and drone life. getfpv.com site requirements getfpv strives to create a friendly & helpful online experience. the website is best viewed by the following browsers via desktop or tablet: mozilla firefox chrome safari getfpv.com does utilize javascript & requires cookies to be enabled to complete a transaction. for more information on how to manage your cookies click here. where can i find more information on getfpv? to learn more about getfpv in the drone community click here. to view our privacy policy click here to learn about joining our team click here what are the benefits of registering for a getfpv shopper account? getfpv.com shopper account benefits include: express checkout view order history create and save wish lists tack current orders save an address book click here to get started. what if i received damaged or defective items? if you receive a damaged or defective item, contact a customer care associate through our, email support@getfpv.com or call 941-444-0021. please be sure to have your order number, item info, and tracking number from your original confirmation e-mail. please know in some cases we may ask for pictures of the damage to for our quality control purposes. if you do not contact customer service, you are responsible for all return shipping charges. coverage transparency: click here to learn more. attention california residents: prop 65 warning: all products may not meet california proposition 65 requirements. getfpv products meet all applicable federal safety and warning requirements as enforced by the united states federal government. for more information about prop 65 please visit www.oehha.ca.gov/prop65/getnsrls.html. copyright & trademark notice getfpv.com and the web pages accessed thereby are owned by getfpv llc. and/or its third-party licensors. all trademarks and service marks appearing in these web pages, as well as all other proprietary materials depicted herein (the text, images, photographs, graphics, user interface, and other content), are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution or confusing or misleading use under national and international copyright and trademark laws, as applicable. except where expressly stated otherwise, you are not permitted to copy reproduce, modify, distribute, display, transmit, adapt or change in any way any aspect of these web pages for any other purpose whatsoever without the prior written permission of getfpv and/or its third-party licensors. © getfpv, llc and/or its third-party licensors. all rights reserved. compare products compare clear all my wish list go to wish list loyalty program earn 'crash cash' loyalty rewards to redeem towards your next purchase! create an account discounts & coupons check out our landing hub for all getfpv promotions, discounts, and coupons! learn more stay connected enter your e-mail to get exclusive deals and stand a chance to win monthly free products! email address subscribe live chat check order status same day shipping customer support mon - fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm est support@getfpv.com | +1 (941) 444-0021 need help? technical support order support check order status faq contact us store & shipping loyalty program drone brands discounts and coupons reseller catalog free shipping on most orders $99+ local curbside pickup shipping tips return policy shop top categories drone bundles fpv equipment drone frames electronics motors batteries / chargers radios propellers more getfpv getfpv learn getfpv benefits getfpv distribution fpv crate fpv clearance career opportunities connect newsletter sign-up text message sign-up facebook twitter youtube instagram auvsi clubs, tsa, stems 1060 goodrich ave. sarasota, fl 34236 +1 (941) 444-0021 support@getfpv.com © 2023 getfpv llc. all rights reserved. | terms & conditions | privacy policy | site map