来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231210526/http://www.dsw.com/dsw_shoes/customer_service/privacy_policy.jsp
================================================================================

dsw.com privacy policy privacy statement dsw collects customer information to enhance your shopping experience. this privacy policy is intended to assist you in understanding what information we gather about you when you visit one of our stores or this website, how we use and share that information, and the safeguards we have in place for that information. this privacy statement applies only to the information collected at any of our stores and online at dsw.com. information we collect online our use of personal information we collect online information we share with third parties visitors from outside the u.s cookies updating your personal information privacy of children on our website links to other websites and services updates to privacy statement security statement information we collect online 1. general browsing information dsw.com gathers navigational information during each visitor's use of our website. in the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and ip address) may be collected. the navigational information tells dsw.com about the use of our website by visitors, including the areas of our site that are most visited or the time of a last visit to a page on our site. it also tells us about the technical efficiencies of our website and services (i.e. the time it takes a visitor to connect to our website or download pages). the navigational information helps us better understand a visitor's experience at dsw.com and improve upon that experience by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. 2. personal information dsw may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update a dsw.com account, sign up for the dsw rewards program or manage your rewards account, place an in-store order, enter a contest, participate in a survey, shop online, check the status of an order or review order history, provide a review about our products, purchase and send a gift card or egift card, search for products on our site or provide information about your shoe preferences. categories of information collected include name, address, email address, recipient's name and email address, dsw rewards number (which can be associated with the personal information you provided when you signed up for dsw rewards or when you update the account), order information, telephone number, credit card information, birth month and day, your review of our products, saved searches, preferred brands, messages or reminders you create. our use of personal information we collect dsw uses the personal information we collect from you in stores or online at dsw.com for the following purposes: to deliver products that you have ordered, fulfill requests that you have created, and process your return or exchange; to understand your needs and preferences, possibly through surveys, product evaluations or cookies; to develop, market and sell products and services to you and to tailor your experience on the dsw.com website to your interests; to contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties; to manage and develop dsw’s business and operations, administer accounts, collect and process payments; to respond to your inquiries; to send our dsw rewards members updates about the rewards program, their rewards, and our products, promotions and events; and to deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us about our products or website, including adding you to a dsw email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account, sign up for dsw rewards or make a purchase. if you create or modify a dsw.com account you may save personal information in that account, such as name, shipping and billing addresses, and credit card information, and we will access this saved information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we also require you to create and/or access your account to use various services on the website, including creating a product review. because you must create or access your dsw.com account prior to creating a review, it is possible that we could associate you with the review you provide. information you include in a product review may be used by us to enhance and personalize our product offerings to you. if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of promotional email (including dsw rewards), please follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each message. asking us to stop delivery of future promotional email will not prevent you from receiving email communications relating to any online order you place at dsw.com, requests to participate in surveys about our products  other operational email communications or emails forwarded to you by a friend that tell you about our products. information we share with third parties we use third parties to help us provide services to you such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring online activity at dsw.com, conducting surveys, maintaining our database, taking and processing gift card and egift card orders, administering emails, and administering drawings or contests. third parties also provide aggregate, comparative information on the performance of our site to us and a select group. if, after making a purchase at dsw.com, you choose to participate in a survey or review you will be providing it to a third party whom we use to process the product reviews. product reviews that comply with the review rules noted may be published on this website, and some may be published through other communciation channels, including, but not limited to emails, television and catalogs. published reviews may identify the author's review nickname and location or designate the reviewer as a rewards member or rate the reviewer. if you make a purchase on our website, create or modify an account, sign up for dsw rewards or modify your rewards account after 4/7/2008, your name, mailing address, phone number or purchase information may be made available to other companies who may provide you with information about their products or services. email addresses collected in stores or on this website will be shared with third party service providers. if you provide your email address to us after 4/7/2008 (including updating your email information), provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing emails from us, your email address may also be shared with other companies, so that those businesses may send you information about their products. in addition, dsw may participate with certain unrelated companies who will link you to our website, which may include recognition of purchases from dsw.com. dsw.com may share personally identifiable information we collect from you with the company linking to our website. dsw.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of the companies providing these links and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of each of these companies. you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to enforce or apply our site use terms & conditions of use, conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect dsw, the users of our website or others. if dsw were ever merged with, acquired by or acquires another business entity, some or all of the personal information collected about you would be shared with this entity, as well as retained by dsw. visitors from outside the u.s if you are visiting dsw.com from a location outside of the u.s., your orders placed through dsw.com will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the u.s. all information you provide will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s., and protected as noted in this privacy policy. cookies 1. what are cookies and how do we use cookies on our website? dsw.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie. a cookie is a data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. cookies are used to help track your clicks and pass information as you navigate dsw.com. this allows dsw.com to make our site more responsive to your needs by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. we also use a technology known as clear gifs, which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and provide you a more personalized experience with us. dsw.com also uses cookies to keep track of how many items you put into your shopping bag and to remember you when you return to dsw.com. cookies can allow us to associate navigational information from browsing visits with personal information you provide at our site. 2. do we share information from cookies with third parties? we may share non-transactional behavioral data collected through the use of cookies after 4/7/2008 with other businesses 3. how do third parties use cookies on our site? we carefully select third party advertising companies and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies when you choose to visit them and when you visit dsw.com. these selected companies may use information (not including your name, address, credit card information, email address, or telephone number) about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about dsw products and services on this and other websites. these selected companies also provide this information to us which we use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about no longer having information from these third party cookies used by these companies or provided to us, click here. we have also selected companies that will assist us in better understanding your use of our site. these companies will place cookies on your computer upon a visit to our site to collect information on our behalf and may also make use of web bugs. these companies will use both third party and first party cookies. blocking cookies served from third party domains will not block the first party cookies. the information these companies collect educates us on such things as search engine referral, how you navigate around our site, traffic driven by banner ads, responses to email, unique visitor identification, and product browsing and purchasing information, and allows us to better serve your interests and provide you with more personalized product offerings. dsw.com does not allow these companies to collect credit card, username or password information. the information collected on our behalf is analyzed and returned to dsw.com. other than possibly allowing use of collected data on an aggregate basis, the companies providing these services are required to maintain all information collected and the analysis of this information in confidence. as a visitor to dsw.com, you have the option to deactivate the ability of these companies to analyze your browsing and purchasing behavior on our site. you may also choose to continue to benefit from the improved shopping experience which this analysis allows us to provide to you. since this opt-out relies on cookies, if you delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select with respect to these companies and to exercise your choice, click here. updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information including billing and shipping information by logging into your dsw.com account. privacy of children on our website to ensure compliance with federal law, dsw.com does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. links to other websites and services for your convenience, our website may contain links to other sites. links that appear on dsw.com should not necessarily be deemed to imply that we endorse or have any affiliation with the linked websites. dsw is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies of each site you visit. updates to privacy statement please click here to view material changes, if any, made within the last thirty days with respect to categories of information collected at dsw.com or material changes in how we use information collected at dsw.com (whether a deletion or addition). if you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about dsw.com. if you have questions or concerns with respect to our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us. dsw, inc. attn: legal dept 810 dsw way columbus, oh 43213 security statement dsw.com takes the following types of security measures: use of technologies and policies such as limited access data-centers, firewall technology, and secure socket layer certificate authentication. we designed dsw.com to accept orders only from web browsers that accept cookies and permit communication through secure socket layer (ssl) technology. ssl is encryption technology that provides security while information is being transmitted over the internet. while we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. this privacy statement was last revised september 3, 2010. sign up for dsw email updates and promotions site map  |  order status  |  customer service  |  feedback  |  privacy & security terms of use  |  investor relations  |  careers  |  about dsw  |  your california privacy policy