来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231184919/http://www.dsw.com/dsw_shoes/customer_service/terms_and_conditions.jsp
================================================================================

terms of use 1.866.dsw.shoes stores gift cards bag free shipping every day. every details women men kids boot shop athletic bags & accessories luxury brands clearance important legal information: please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website. these terms and conditions apply to all visitors to or users of dsw.com and all other dsw websites. references to "dsw.com" or "this website" shall refer generally to all of dsw's websites, including mobile applications. your use of this website confirms your unconditional acceptance of the following terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this website. copyright notice and use of website. the design of this website ("website") and all text, graphics, information, content, processes, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from this website are protected by copyright, trademark, and possibly patent and other laws and may not be used except as permitted in these terms and conditions or with prior written permission of the owner of such material. the contents (including without limitation, the look and feel, all text, photographs, images, video and audio) of this website are © 2008, dsw inc. all rights reserved. you may not modify the information or materials displayed on or that can be downloaded from this website in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such information or materials for any public or commercial purpose. you may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit this website. any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations and is prohibited. in the event of a violation of these laws and regulations, dsw inc. reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity. dsw inc. reserves the right to block or deny access to the website to anyone at any time for any reason. trademarks. dsw inc. ("dsw" or "we") and its affiliated companies retain all rights regarding its trademarks, trade names, brand names and trade dress. these marks, names or trade dress, and all associated logos or images, are registered and/or common law trademarks of dsw and its affiliates and are protected by u.s. and international laws and treaties. no license to the use of such marks, names or trade dress is granted to you under these terms and conditions or by your use of the website. your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the website is strictly prohibited. you are also advised that dsw will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of civil remedies and criminal prosecution. products, content and specifications. all features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on this website are subject to change at any time without notice. dsw makes all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of its products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. the inclusion of any products or services on this website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. accuracy of information. we attempt to ensure that information on this website is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, the information on this website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to the completeness or accuracy of any information on this website. for example, products included on this website may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed or may actually carry a different price than that stated on this website. in addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. further, pricing information on other websites that claim to represent correct pricing on our website may not be correct or current. while it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. we reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. we also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. linking to this website. creating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on this website without our prior written permission is prohibited. running or displaying this website or any information or material displayed on this website in frames or through similar means on another website without our prior written permission is prohibited. any permitted links to this website must comply will all applicable laws, rule and regulations. special notice on search engine optimization: dsw and its affiliates have a no-tolerance policy regarding the use of our trademarks or names in metatags and/or hidden text. specifically, the use of our trademarks or names in metatag keywords is trademark infringement, and the use of trademarks or names in page text, metatags, and/or hidden text for purposes of gaining higher rankings from search engines is unfair competition. linking to any dsw.com webpage is prohibited absent express written permission from dsw inc. framing, inline linking or other association of the website or its or its suppliers' software or html code, scripts, text, artwork, photographs, images, video, and audio with links, advertisements and/or other information not originating from the website is expressly prohibited. third party links. periodically, links may be established from this website to one or more external websites or resources operated by third parties (the "third party sites"). these links are provided for your convenience only. in addition, certain third party sites also may provide links to the website. none of these links should be deemed to imply that dsw endorses the third party sites or any content therein. dsw does not control and is not responsible or liable for any third party sites or any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such third party sites. access to any third party site is at your own risk and dsw will have no liability arising out of or related to such websites and/or their content or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any purchase, use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such third party site. user information. other than personally identifiable information, which is subject to this website's privacy policyprivacy policy, any material, information, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, questions, comments or other communication you transmit or post to this website in any manner ("user communications") is and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. we and our respective affiliates and our or their designees may use any or all user communications for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing and/or marketing in any manner whatsoever for any or all commercial or non-commercial purposes. we may, but are not obligated to, monitor or review any user communications. we will have no obligation to use, return, review, or respond to any user communications. we will have no liability related to the content of any such user communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. we retain the right to remove any or all user communications that includes any material we deem inappropriate or unacceptable. if you are accessing and using this website on someone else's behalf, you represent that you have the authority to bind that person as a principal to all terms and conditions provided herein and you agree to accept liability for harm caused by that person's wrongful use of the website. your account. you may choose to create a dsw account at our website. if you do, you will have a password for your account. to protect your account, you should choose a password different from names, birthdays or street addresses associated with you. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. dsw inc. may revoke your right to have an account at any time if you fail to comply with the site use terms and conditions. user conduct. you shall not do any of the following: (a) attempt to modify or "hack" this website; (b) access any area on the website which you are not explicitly authorized to access; (c) interfere with, restrict or inhibit any other user from the use and enjoyment of the website; (d) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) collect or harvest personal information about other users of the website; (f) access this website through the use of an automated mechanism and extract data; and (g) jeopardize the operation of computer systems owned by dsw inc. or any of its affiliates or the reputation of dsw inc. or any of its affiliates. disclaimers. use this website at your own risk. the information, materials and services provided on or through this website are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement of intellectual property. neither dsw, its suppliers, nor any of their respective affiliates warrants the accuracy or completeness of the information, materials or services provided on or through this website. the information, materials and services provided on or through this website may be out of date and neither dsw, its suppliers, nor any of their respective affiliates makes any commitment or assume any duty to update such information, materials or services. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. all products and services purchased on or through this website are subject only to any applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, we hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased on or through this website. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. limitations of liability. dsw does not assume any responsibility, or will it be liable, for any damages to, or any viruses that may infect, your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this website, or your downloading of any information or materials from this website. in no event will dsw, or any of its respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns be liable to you or anyone else for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this website, any websites linked to this website, or the materials, information or services contained on any or all such websites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitations of liability do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. in the event of any problem with this website or any content, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using this website. in the event of any problem with the products or services that you have purchased on or through this website, you agree that your sole remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer's or supplier's warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and exchanges policies posted on this website. revisions to these website use terms and conditions. revisions to these website use terms and conditions. these website use terms and conditions may be revised at any time and from time to time by updating this posting. you should visit this page from time to time to review the then current website use terms and conditions because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these website use terms and conditions may be superseded by legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this website. your continued use of this website after any changes to these terms and conditions are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes. choice of law: jurisdiction. these website use terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of ohio without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to this website will be brought only in the courts of the state of ohio or the united states district court for the southern district of ohio. a printed version of these website use terms and conditions will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these website use terms and conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. #shoelover follow us on instagram ▶ we now accept paypal! learn more ▶ dsw shoe lover visa® apply for the credit card ▶ find a store near you store locator ▶ shoephoria! customer service order status returns & exchanges customer service (1.866.379.7463) dsw rewards wish list learn more gift cards buy gift card check balance dsw shoe lover visa® learn more manage account about us stores careers dsw inc. investor relations get in the know: | terms of use | privacy & security | supply chain transparency | site map