来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229163704/http://www.dsw.com/dsw_shoes/customer_service/privacy_policy.jsp
================================================================================

dsw.com privacy policy 1.866.dsw.shoes stores gift cards bag free shipping + free returns at dsw stores details women men kids boot shop athletic bags & accessories gifts brands clearance privacy statement dsw collects customer information to enhance your shopping experience. this privacy policy is intended to assist you in understanding what information we gather about you when you visit one of our stores or our websites, how we use and share that information, and the safeguards we have in place for that information. this privacy statement applies to the information collected at any of our stores and our websites. references to dsw.com shall refer generally to all of dsw's websites, including mobile applications. information we collect our use of personal information we collect information we share with third parties visitors from outside the u.s cookies and pixel tags updating your personal information privacy of children on our website links to other websites and services security statement your california privacy policy questions or concerns? information we collect 1. general browsing informationdsw.com gathers navigational information during each visitor's use of our website. in the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and ip address) may be collected. the navigational information tells dsw.com about the use of our website by visitors, including the areas of our site that are most visited or the time of a last visit to a page on our site. it also tells us about the technical efficiencies of our website and services (i.e. the time it takes a visitor to connect to our website or download pages). the navigational information helps us better understand a visitor's experience at dsw.com and improve upon that experience by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. 2. personal informationdsw may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update a dsw.com account, sign up for the dsw rewards program or manage your rewards account, create a wish list, sign up for or manage your text alerts, place an in-store order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, participate in a survey, shop online, check the status of an order or review order history, provide a review about our products, purchase and send a gift card or egift card, search for products on our site or provide information about your shoe preferences. categories of information collected include name, address, email address, recipient's name and email address, dsw rewards number (which can be associated with the personal information you provided when you signed up for dsw rewards or when you update the account), order information, telephone number, credit card/debit card information, birth month and day, your review of our products, saved searches, preferred brands, messages or reminders you create. our use of personal information we collect dsw uses the personal information we collect from you in stores or online at dsw.com for the following purposes: to deliver products that you have ordered, fulfill requests that you have created, and process your return or exchange; to understand your needs and preferences, possibly through surveys, product evaluations or cookies; to develop, market and sell products and services to you and to tailor your experience on the dsw.com website to your interests; to contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties; to manage and develop dsw’s business and operations, administer accounts, collect and process payments; to respond to your inquiries; to send our dsw rewards members updates about the rewards program, their rewards, and our products, promotions and events; and to deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us about our products or website, including adding you to a dsw email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account, sign up for dsw rewards or make a purchase. if you create or modify a dsw.com account you may save personal information in that account, such as name, shipping and billing addresses and credit card/debit card information, and we will access this saved information to make your shopping quicker and easier. any credit card/debit card information will be encrypted by the use of a "token" for security purposes. we also require you to create and/or access your account to use various services on the website, including creating a product review. because you must create or access your dsw.com account prior to creating a review, it is possible that we could associate you with the review you provide. information you include in a product review may be used by us to enhance and personalize our product offerings to you. if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of promotional email (including dsw rewards and wish list), please follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each message. asking us to stop delivery of future promotional email will not prevent you from receiving email communications relating to any online order you place at dsw.com, requests to participate in surveys about our products other operational email communications or emails forwarded to you by a friend that tell you about our products. information we share with third parties we use third parties to help us provide services to you such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring online activity at dsw.com, conducting surveys, maintaining our database, taking and processing gift card and egift card orders, administering emails, operating co-brand credit card programs and administering drawings or contests. third parties also provide aggregate, comparative information on the performance of our site to us and a select group. if, after making a purchase at dsw.com, you choose to participate in a survey or review you will be providing it to a third party whom we use to process the product reviews. product reviews that comply with the review rules noted may be published on this website, and some may be published through other communication channels, including, but not limited to emails, television and catalogs. published reviews may identify the author's review nickname and location or designate the reviewer as a rewards member or rate the reviewer. if you make a purchase on our website, create or modify an account (including a credit card account), sign up for dsw rewards or modify your rewards account after 4/7/2008, your name, mailing address, phone number or purchase information may be made available to other companies or co-brand partners who may provide you with information about their products or services or the products and services of their affiliates. email addresses collected in stores or on this website will be shared with third party service providers and co-brand partners. if you provide your email address to us after 4/7/2008 (including updating your email information), provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing emails from us, your email address may also be shared with other companies and co-brand partners, so that those businesses may send you information about their products or the products and services of their affiliates. in addition, dsw may participate with certain unrelated companies who will link you to our website, which may include recognition of purchases from dsw.com. dsw.com may share personally identifiable information we collect from you with the third party linking to our website. dsw.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties providing these links and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of each of these third parties. you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to enforce or apply our site use terms & conditions of usesite use terms & conditions of use, conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect dsw, the users of our website or others. if dsw were ever merged with, acquired by or acquires another business entity, some or all of the personal information collected about you would be shared with this entity, as well as retained by dsw. visitors from outside the u.s. if you are visiting dsw.com from a location outside of the u.s., your orders placed through dsw.com will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the u.s. all information you provide will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s., and protected as noted in this privacy policy. cookies and pixel tags what are cookies and pixel tags and how do we use cookies and pixel tags on our website? dsw.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie. a cookie is a data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. cookies are used to help track your clicks and pass information as you navigate dsw.com. this allows dsw.com to make our site more responsive to your needs by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. we also use a technology known as pixel tags or clear gifs. a pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image stored on webpages or in emails. pixel tags may be used to collect the same information about your visit that is collected through cookies. pixel tags may also be used to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and provide you a more personalized experience with us. dsw.com also uses cookies and pixel tags to keep track of how many items you put into your shopping bag and to remember you when you return to dsw.com. cookies and pixel tags can allow us to associate navigational information from browsing visits with personal information you provide at our site. do we share information from cookies and pixel tags with third parties? we may share non-transactional behavioral data collected through the use of cookies and pixel tags after 4/7/2008 with other businesses how do third parties use cookies and pixel tags on our site? we carefully select third party advertising companies and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies and pixel tags when you choose to visit them and when you visit dsw.com. these selected companies may use information (not including your name, address, credit card/debit card information, email address, or telephone number) about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about dsw products and services on this and other websites. these selected companies also provide this information to us which we use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about no longer having information from these third party cookies and pixel tags used by these companies or provided to us, click here. we have also selected companies that will assist us in better understanding your use of our site. these companies will place cookies and pixel tags on your computer upon a visit to our site to collect information on our behalf and may also make use of web bugs. these companies will use both third party and first party cookies and pixel tags. blocking cookies and pixel tags served from third party domains will not block the first party cookies and pixel tags. the information these companies collect educates us on such things as search engine referral, how you navigate around our site, traffic driven by banner ads, responses to email, unique visitor identification, and product browsing and purchasing information, and allows us to better serve your interests and provide you with more personalized product offerings. dsw.com does not allow these companies to collect credit card, username or password information. the information collected on our behalf is analyzed and returned to dsw.com. other than possibly allowing use of collected data on an aggregate basis, the companies providing these services are required to maintain all information collected and the analysis of this information in confidence. as a visitor to dsw.com, you have the option to deactivate the ability of these companies to analyze your browsing and purchasing behavior on our site. you may also choose to continue to benefit from the improved shopping experience which this analysis allows us to provide to you. since this opt-out relies on cookies, if you delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select with respect to these companies and to exercise your choice, click here. updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information including billing and shipping information by logging into your dsw.com account. privacy of children on our website our website is a general audience website and it is our intention that our website should be used only by persons over the age of 13. to ensure compliance with federal law, dsw.com does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. links to other websites and services for your convenience, our website may contain links to other sites. links that appear on dsw.com should not necessarily be deemed to imply that we endorse or have any affiliation with the linked websites. dsw is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies of each site you visit. security statement dsw.com takes the following types of security measures: use of technologies and policies such as limited access data-centers, firewall technology, and secure socket layer certificate authentication. we designed dsw.com to accept orders only from web browsers that accept cookies and permit communication through secure socket layer (ssl) technology. ssl is encryption technology that provides security while information is being transmitted over the internet. while we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. your california privacy policy notice to california residents - your california privacy rights dsw inc. collects various types of personal information about you both online (at dsw.com) and offline during the course of our customer relationship. under california law, if you are a resident of california, you may make a written request to dsw inc. to request how we have shared your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. in response to your written request, dsw inc. is allowed to provide you with a notice describing the cost-free means to opt-out of our sharing your information with third parties with whom we do not share the same brand name, if the third party will use it for their direct marketing purposes. dsw inc. may permit third parties to track the individual visitors to its website and the activities of those visitors on the website over time. currently, dsw inc. does not offer the option for its website visitors to make a "do not track" election and does not have the capability to respond to electronic "do not track" signals. dsw inc. reserves the right to add such capability to its website at any time in the future and will notify website visitors of this change in capability through an update to this privacy policy. dsw inc. has chosen to provide you with a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing, which you can accomplish by completing our third party direct marketing opt-out form. if you would like to instruct us to no longer share your personal information with third parties who will use it for direct marketing purposes, please click on the following link: california rights form, print and complete the third party direct marketing opt-out formplease visit dsw.com on your desktop and complete the third party direct marketing opt-out form and mail it to the following address: postal address: dsw inc. corporate customer relations 810 dsw drive columbus, ohio 43219 if you have any questions about this opt-out procedure, please write to the address provided above. questions or concerns? if you have questions or concerns with respect to our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us. dsw inc. attn: legal dept 810 dsw drive columbus, oh 43219 this privacy statement is effective as of august 25, 2015. please check here periodically for notice of updates to this privacy statement. #myshoestakeme follow us on instagram ▶ we now accept paypal! learn more ▶ dsw rewards visa® apply for the credit card ▶ find a store near you store locator ▶ shoephoria! customer service live chat order status returns & exchanges customer service (1.866.379.7463) "compare at" details dsw rewards wish list learn more gift cards buy gift card check balance dsw rewards visa® learn more manage account about us stores careers dsw inc. investor relations philanthropy get in the know: | terms of use | privacy & security | supply chain transparency | site map