来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231205322/http://www.builddirect.com/TermsOfSale.aspx
================================================================================

builddirect -terms of sale 1 (877) 631-2845 / sales@builddirect.com sign in account help order tracking cart flooring wood flooring laminate flooring hardwood flooring engineered hardwood floors bamboo flooring cork flooring stone flooring travertine tile marble tile granite tile slate tile sandstone tile limestone tile tile flooring ceramic & porcelain tile glass tile & mosaics carpet & rugs area rugs carpet tiles carpet accessories flooring accessories trim & moldings vinyl flooring vinyl plank flooring decking composite decking wood decking deck tiles deck railings siding & roofing fiber cement siding wood siding manufactured stone veneer faux stone siding panels stone siding cedar roofing landscape pavers travertine pavers granite pavers slate pavers sandstone pavers fences aluminum fence pvc fence outdoor living patio furniture fire pits kitchen & bath countertops granite countertops granite slabs quartz slabs vanity tops granite vanity tops sinks travertine sinks stainless steel sinks porcelain sinks clearance terms of sale please read this document carefully. it contains important information about your rights and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions that apply to you. this agreement contains the terms and conditions that apply to customers for purchases from builddirect technologies inc. (hereinafter referred to as “builddirect”) and the builddirect entity named on the invoice that will be provided to you (“customer”) on orders for products sold. customer agrees to be bound by and accepts this agreement as applicable to customer’s purchase of product(s) from builddirect, and/or the builddirect internet website hereinafter named the “site.” as a condition of sale, customer agrees to be bound by and accepts these terms and conditions. these terms and conditions apply (i) unless customer has signed a separate formal purchase agreement with builddirect, in which case the separate agreement shall govern; or (ii) unless other builddirect standard terms apply to the transaction as noted herein or elsewhere. these terms and conditions are subject to change without prior written notice at any time, in builddirect’s sole discretion. your acceptance of these terms and conditions of sale is included in your acceptance of the terms and use of this website. 1. order acceptance policy customer’s receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify builddirect’s acceptance of customer’s order, nor does it constitute confirmation of builddirect’s offer to sell. all orders are accepted in british columbia, canada. builddirect reserves the right at any time after receipt of customer’s order to accept or decline customer’s order for reasonable cause including but not limited to lack of availability of products, failure by customer to satisfy payment terms, and/or breach by customer of this agreement. if payment has been remitted for the purchase and builddirect cancels customer’s order, builddirect shall forthwith issue a refund equal to the amount remitted for the unaccepted or cancelled order. 2. payment terms terms of payment are within builddirect’s sole discretion and unless otherwise agreed to by builddirect, payment must be received or otherwise authorized or secured in a form approved by builddirect prior to builddirect’s acceptance of an order. payment for the products will be made by approved credit card, wire transfer, electronic funds transfer or some other prearranged payment method agreed to by builddirect. invoices are due and payable by the payment date(s) specified through electronic (including but not limited to e-mail), facsimile (fax) and/or verbal confirmation between builddirect and the customer. builddirect may invoice parts of an order separately. orders are not binding upon builddirect until accepted by builddirect (see order acceptance policy). any quotations given by builddirect will be valid for the period stated on the quotation. builddirect reserves the right to adjust or cancel quotations as required. 3. shipping customer is responsible for all costs related to shipping product to the location specified by customer. it is customer’s responsibility to provide contact information that allows the shipper to contact customer when shipment is made. shipping rates are for standard pick-up and delivery only. additional storage and/or shipping charges and other warehouse charges may apply if customer can not be contacted, or is not available, to receive product; or if product is redirected upon customer’s request. if a shipping rate is quoted at an incorrect rate due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from builddirect’s suppliers, builddirect shall have the right to refuse, adjust, or cancel any orders placed whether or not the order has been confirmed or whether or not payment has been remitted. customer is responsible for inspecting freight for shortages or signs of damage upon receipt of goods. all freight, loss, and damage claims must be filed with builddirect within thirty (30) days from the date the shipment was delivered. (see 8. “limitations on damages” or email: claims@builddirect.com). builddirect shall not be liable for special or consequential damages or for any damages arising out of or caused by: (1) delay, (2) acts of god or the public enemy, (3) the authority of the law, (4) strikes, riots or quarantine, (5) the inherent nature or vice of the goods transported. for goods ordered by the pallet or truckload and returned under our 30-day money back guarantee, builddirect shall arrange for and incur all shipping charges. in the unlikely case that goods are damaged, builddirect will arrange to either re-ship product (at the company’s expense) or provide to the customer a compensation credit for the value of the goods damaged. 4. taxes customer is responsible for all sales, use, excise, value-added and other charges associated with the order, however designated, including any duties, clearance charges or other destination charges. if applicable, a separate charge for such items will be shown on builddirect’s invoice. 5. title; risk of loss title to product passes from builddirect to customer upon completion of shipment of product to customer by builddirect, unless otherwise stated in terms of purchase (e.g. letter of credit). loss or damage to products that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by builddirect is builddirect’s responsibility. 6. warranties all warranties set out are manufacturer-specific warranties only. the limited warranty applicable to each product sold by builddirect is set out under the heading “warranty” located on the builddirect site where each product is described. such limited warranty applies to each sale by builddirect of that respective product. builddirect makes no express warranties except those stated in this agreement and in builddirect’s applicable warranty statement in effect on the date of the invoice. any such warranties will be effective, and builddirect will be obligated to honour any such warranties, only upon builddirect’s receipt of payment in full for the item to be warranted. before returning any item, customer must contact builddirect’s claims department for a warranty authorization (wa) number within the allowable period specified by the manufacturer of the product (see product-specific “warranty”). the wa number is valid only for the product described therein. the product returned must match the product authorized for return. customer must ensure that all returns are received by the manufacturer/supplier within thirty (30) days of obtaining the wa number. all shipping arrangements for returns or exchanges must be processed through builddirect’s logistics department. customer is responsible for all shipping and handling charges of warranty returns, except where the manufacturer of the product has agreed to pay for such costs or as outlined under product “warranty.” whenever possible or as outlined under “warranty,” all items must be in “as new” condition, in original packaging and with all warranty cards, manuals and accessories. the original packing slip must be included and the wa number visible on the package. builddirect may require a short written explanation and a photograph or digital image of the defective product. in some cases an on-site inspection of the product will be required. builddirect’s claims department will advise customer of the details specific to the warranty claim. 7. disclaimer the warranties set out in this agreement are manufacturer-specific warranties for the product(s). builddirect expressly disclaims all other warranties, guarantees or representations, whether express, implied, or statutory, including any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. builddirect also disclaims any implied warranty arising out of trade usage or out of a course of dealing or course of performance. builddirect does not warrant that the product(s) will be error-free, or warrant that each defect will be corrected. builddirect does not warrant that all products comply with specific geographical compliance or regulatory restrictions. it is customer’s responsibility to ensure that use of products purchased complies with local jurisdiction codes and with all regional, national and international laws and regulations. builddirect further disclaims any patent/intellectual property rights, warranties or indemnities with respect to any locking/connecting system(s) used by manufacturers of laminate, engineered wood, or other products sold by builddirect. 8. limitation on damages builddirect does not accept liability beyond the remedies set forth herein. builddirect will not be liable for lost profits, loss of revenue or of business or other consequential, special, indirect, or punitive damages, even if they were foreseeable or if builddirect was advised of the potential of such damages, or for any claim by any third party except as expressly provided herein. customer agrees that for any liability related to the purchase of products or services, builddirect is not liable or responsible for any amount of damages above the aggregate dollar amount paid by customer for the purchase(s) under this agreement. this limitation will apply regardless of the form of action (i.e. whether the lawsuit is in contract or in tort, including negligence). 9. 30-day money back guarantee customers who purchase by the pallet or truckload can return product for any reason within 30 days of delivery and get a full refund. the product must be returned in its entirety and in the same condition as when it arrived at the original destination and must not have been installed, removed and then returned. builddirect will arrange pick-up of the product at no cost to the customer. this guarantee applies to all regular builddirect products only and does not apply to clearance items, custom made and special orders. customers who purchase by the container-load may cancel their order and receive a full refund up until the customer provides authorized acceptance of the inspection report. authorized acceptance may be indicated directly on the inspection report (by way of customer signature); or by referencing the order number via email or fax. signing the inspection report transfers the now completed order from the place of manufacture to the shipping company. at this point, it is too late for the customer to cancel or change any order. 10. currency all references to monetary amounts, including prices, on the builddirect website (the “site”) and in this agreement shall be in u.s. currency. 11. governing law this agreement and any sales thereunder shall be governed by the laws of british columbia and the federal laws of canada applicable therein, without regard to conflict of laws rules. builddirect and customer exclude the application of the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods to this agreement. the site (excluding linked web sites) is controlled by builddirect from its offices within the province of british columbia, canada. the site can be accessed from all provinces and territories of canada, as well as from other countries around the world. as each of these jurisdictions has laws that may differ from those of the province of british columbia, by accessing the site, the user agrees that all matters relating to access to, or use of, the site, or any other hyperlinked web site, shall be governed by the laws of the province of british columbia and the federal laws of canada applicable therein. the user also agrees and hereby submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the province of british columbia and acknowledges that the user does so voluntarily and is responsible for complying with local laws. 12. arbitration all disputes arising out of or in connection with this agreement shall be referred to and finally resolved by a single arbitrator (the “arbitrator”) pursuant to the commercial arbitration act, r.s.b.c. 1996, c. 55, as amended. the decision of the arbitrator on all issues or matters submitted to the arbitrator for resolution shall be conclusive, final and binding on all of the parties. the arbitrator shall determine who shall bear the costs of arbitration pursuant to this section 12. 13. other documents other than as specifically provided in any separate formal purchase agreement between customer and builddirect, these terms and conditions may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by the use of any other document(s). any attempt to alter, supplement or amend this document or to enter an order for product(s) which is subject to additional or altered terms and conditions will be null and void, unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by both customer and builddirect. 14. terms of use your access to, and use of the site is governed by builddirect’s terms of use. by using this site, you signify your acceptance without modification of these terms of use. the terms of use are subject to change without prior notice at any time, in builddirect’s sole discretion so you should frequently review the terms of use and applicable policies from time to time to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the site. in the event of any inconsistency between this agreement and the terms of use, the terms of this agreement shall prevail. 15. headings the section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and do not form a part of these terms and conditions, and no construction or inference shall be derived therefrom. samples ship free products in cart () samples in cart () email cart and calculate shipping your cart is empty. excellent customer service. quick and hassle free from start to finish. we are building a house and have made three purchases now. will be more to come! allison t. prince george, bcjun 03, 2011 read more... any questions, please contact us. (hablamos espaã±ol) 1 (877) 631-2845 m-f  10am - 8pm et sa    12pm - 8pm et su    11am - 7pm et sales@builddirect.com sign up to our newsletter to receive updates, price alerts and special email only discounts customer service shipping return policy privacy policy ordering & delivery checklist terms of use terms of sale contact us environmental policy resources bd university product articles learning center help refer a friend builddirect blog room scene viewer site map faq customer testimonials photo gallery corporate info about builddirect careers news room affiliates site design by  â©builddirect 2001 -2011