来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161003104504/https://www.builddirect.com/blog
================================================================================

flooring, building, design and housing news | builddirect the 15 best architects in houston historic and award-winning, the architecture of houston tells the story of a city that has become an internationally recognized commercial ... read more 4 cool floors to help you cool down this summer with summer approaching, many homeowners are bracing themselves for high energy bills. however, cranking the air conditioner isn't the only ... read more summer home décor and maintenance whether you dream of owning a beach house, are ready to close the deal on a cottage, or proudly proclaim ... read more 10 june the 15 best architects in houston written by amanda miller historic and award-winning, the architecture of houston tells the story of a city that has become an internationally recognized commercial and industrial hub. today, many of houston’s historic buildings and homes are being renovated and repurposed in creative ways.... read more best architects in houston, top architects in houston, vote on the best architects in houston design, interior design & architecture leave a comment 08 june 4 cool floors to help you cool down this summer written by michelle thompson with summer approaching, many homeowners are bracing themselves for high energy bills. however, cranking the air conditioner isn’t the only way to stay cool in the summer months — the key to lowering your energy bills and enjoying a... read more 4 cool floors, ceramic and porcelain, outdoor stone, slate, the science of cool floors, travertine comforts of home leave a comment 07 june summer home décor and maintenance written by michelle thompson whether you dream of owning a beach house, are ready to close the deal on a cottage, or proudly proclaim yourself the new owner of a summer home, taking care of your property so that it lasts year-round is... read more beach house decor & maintenance, cottage design & maintenance, how to care for your beach house, how to maintain your cottage design, interior design & architecture leave a comment 05 june father’s day gift guide written by jill canty looking to shake things up a bit this father’s day with your gift for dear old dad? we understand. one can only give, and receive, so many ties. and those of us still handing over construction paper greeting cards... read more trends leave a comment 01 june attic remodels: creating space written by michelle thompson your attic space has more potential than you give it credit for. it may be dusty, musty, and hot now, but that storage space for old clothes, toys, and junk from high school may just be the extra room... read more attic remodel, considerations for an attic renovation, design considerations, remodel your attic interior design & architecture 1 comment 30 may beat the heat: 5 ways to throw shade (in a good way) written by michelle thompson when the temperature rises, shade can be a precious commodity. in direct sunlight, temperatures can feel about 10 to 15 degrees hotter than real air temperatures. but you don’t need to totally hibernate inside on warm days. discover several... read more 5 ways to create shade, beat the heat, gazebo, patio umbrellas, pergola, shade sails outdoor living 2 comments 30 may the 15 best architects in cincinnati written by amanda miller cincinnati is home to examples of fascinating architecture styles both historic and modern, from the art deco design of the carew building to the sleek lines of the rosenthal center for contemporary art, designed by pritzker architecture prize-winner zaha hadid. perhaps more importantly, cincinnati is home... read more best architects series, the 15 best architects in cincinnati, top architects in cincinnati trends 1 comment 25 may the 15 best architects in kansas city written by amanda miller kansas city is home to a vibrant design community, made up of individuals who remain open to and informed by a multidisciplinary approach. this collaborative mindset and unique creative culture brings together art, manufacturing, graphic design and other fields to create impactful... read more best architects in kansas city, the 15 best architects in kansas city, who is the best architech in kansas city trends leave a comment 24 may the 15 best architects in boston written by amanda miller as one of the oldest cities in america, boston boasts a legacy of important historic institutions, buildings, and landmarks. yet it continues to break new ground in leading-edge architecture, with noteworthy new structures like the leonard p. zakim bunker hill memorial... read more best boston architects, top architects in boston, who is the best architect in boston trends leave a comment 18 may wood vs moisture written by michelle thompson if wood were to describe its relationship with moisture on facebook, it would inevitably choose the status “it’s complicated.” too much moisture and wood will warp; too little moisture and it’ll dry out and fracture. this article will help... read more engineered hardwood, how moisture affects wood, how wood flooring is kiln dried, the right environment for hardwood flooring, wood and moisture care & maintenence 1 comment 16 may the 15 best architects in atlanta written by amanda miller after an 1864 fire raged through the city, which destroyed most of the antebellum era buildings, atlanta rebuilt and embraced a modern bent. with world-famous examples such as the high museum of modern art, designed by pritzker prize-winning architect richard meier... read more atlanta's top architects, best architects, top 15 architects in atlanta trends 1 comment 06 may basement remodeling: practicality and style below ground written by michelle thompson if your family needs more space to spread out, remodeling your basement is the ideal solution. this underground space has the potential to be much more than a storage room. but what does it take to transform a basement... read more basement remodeling, basement renovation, budgeting for a basement remodel, key considerations for basement remodels, the best flooring for basements home improvement projects leave a comment 03 may the 15 best architects in central washington written by amanda miller who are the best architects in central washington? here are 15 candidates. read about your favorites and tell us who we missed in the comments section.  *** bordered by the cascade range mountains and graced with the columbia river, the architects... read more american architecture, best architects series, central washington, pacific northwest trends 1 comment 27 april garden decking: what to think about when planning your deck written by rob jones garden decking is a defining feature in an outdoor living space. when you’re mapping out your garden deck project, here are some steps to follow and think about. *** like an outdoor stage to your home and yard, garden... read more backyard, deck tiles, garden deck, garden decking, outdoor living space outdoor living, products and benefits 1 comment 26 april the 15 best architects in san jose, ca written by amanda miller who are the best architects in san jose? here are 15 candidates. read about your favorites, and tell us who we missed in the comments section. *** the architecture of san jose showcases the city’s rich history and growth, from... read more american architecture, best architects series, californian architecture, san jose interior design & architecture 3 comments 25 april patio furniture: how it’s getting better and better written by cate morgan-harlow patio furniture has evolved from the little plastic chairs and tables of yesteryear. here are some of the ways that modern outdoor furniture has become a necessity to 21st outdoor living. *** years ago, patio furniture attempted to imitate... read more choosing patio furniture, outdoor comfort, outdoor furniture, patio furniture outdoor living, products and benefits leave a comment 22 april 30 energy saving improvements to consider this earth day written by rob jones 1. upgrade windows outdated windows, doors and skylights are vacuums of valuable heat. if you have single paned windows or vintage wooden doors, upgrade to a modern insulated model and keep the heat inside where it belongs.    ... read more green, homeownership and housing 3 comments 20 april acacia hardwood flooring: a feast of options written by cate morgan-harlow acacia hardwood flooring is an immensely popular option for all kinds of spaces. but within that, there are more options still. here’s what we mean by that. *** among hardwood flooring options, acacia wood stands out as a versatile... read more acacia, acacia hardwood flooring, flooring, hardwood flooring species, wood flooring products and benefits leave a comment 18 april home improvements and tax rebates: how to re-invest in your property written by cate morgan-harlow tax season has passed as of today. and luckily, home improvement and tax rebates go hand in hand when re-investing in your property. here are some ideas on where to spend. *** when it comes to tax rebates, smart homeowners... read more home finances, home improvement, home improvement projects, home value, tax rebates home improvement projects, homeownership and housing 1 comment 13 april hardwood flooring hardness: the softer touch written by rob jones hardwood flooring hardness is one key factor in choosing a species. but, there are a number of softer wood species that are still long-serving in residential spaces. here are a few examples. *** just because a hardwood flooring is... read more flooring, hardwood flooring hardness, hardwood flooring species, janka hardness scale, wood flooring products and benefits leave a comment 12 april the 15 best architects in providence written by amanda miller who are the best architects in providence? here are 15 candidates. read about your favorite and tell us who we missed in the comments. *** from the college hill neighborhood to a newly re-energized downtown, the architecture of providence showcases exemplary residential, industrial, commercial,... read more american architecture, architects, best architects series, providence ri, rhode island trends 1 comment 11 april natural stone types comparison written by cate morgan-harlow not all stone is created equal. each type is unique in its own way. here is a rough natural stone comparison guide to help you decide which one works best for your space. *** with natural stone tile, there... read more granite, marble, natural stone, slate, stone surfaces, travertine products and benefits 1 comment 06 april bathroom renovations: all you need to know on where to begin written by sara tinel bathroom renovations are a go-to value-add for those seeking to open the possibilities for comfort, convenience, and pride of homeownership. here are some ways to get started. *** a bathroom renovation can be both a very exciting and fun... read more bathroom, bathroom design, bathroom remodel, bathroom renovations, builddirect design center home improvement projects leave a comment 05 april the 14 best architects in san antonio written by amanda miller who are the best architects in san antonio? here are 14 candidates. read about your favorites, and tell us who we missed in the comments section. *** located on the southern edge of texas hill country, san antonio is known... read more american architecture, architects, best architects series, san antonio, texas interior design & architecture 4 comments 04 april 12 ways to use tile creatively in your home written by cate morgan-harlow humanity has relied on tile for practical and decorative uses for literally thousands of years. here are 12 ways to carry on that tradition in your own home. *** one of the most versatile materials out there, tile works... read more bathroom, kitchen, kitchen flooring, kitchen tile, tile, tiles, wall tile trends 1 comment 01 april garden decking round-up! deck and outdoor living ideas and tips written by rob jones garden decking information and ideas will change the way we look at our outdoor living spaces for the better. check out these links to articles and posts about deck products right here. *** garden decking products help us to... read more building a deck, deck tiles, decking, decking tips, garden decking, garden decks outdoor living 1 comment 01 april mosaic tile materials and wall tile pattern ideas written by erika palmer feeling a bit intimidated by wall tiles and mosaics? don’t be! here are some suggestions on wall tile mosaic designs and some selected varieties from which to choose! *** if you are looking for something a little different than the norm... read more mesh backing for wall tiles, mosaic designs, mosaic tile, mosaic tile patterns, mosaic wall tiles, tile mosaics, unique tiles, wall tiles design, products and benefits 3 comments 31 march faux stone siding for a beautiful home facade written by anabelle bernard fournier faux stone siding is a good way to customize your home without the need to invest in real stone exterior siding materials. but, this surface goes beyond just house siding. *** i have a particular affection for stone homes.... read more exterior siding, faux stone siding, house siding, siding, stone veneer design, outdoor living 1 comment 31 march designer digs: decorating with gray written by tanya roberts gray is really in vogue right now. how can you make a gray interior work for you? here are a few tips from an interior designer. *** move aside, ivory, beige, and taupe. gray is the new “it color”... read more decorating with gray, decorating with grey, gray interior design, gray interiors, grey hardwood floors, stone tile flooring, vinyl flooring interior design & architecture, trends 2 comments 30 march decking damage and decay, causes and solutions: an infographic written by rob jones deck maintenance for wood decks should be a twice-yearly (at least!) home improvement project. here are some of the things to look for what you’re seeing to it. *** when it comes to deck care for wood decks, and... read more deck maintenance, decking, infographics, outdoor living, wood deck maintenance trends leave a comment 30 march small bathroom ideas: make the best out of your powder room written by anabelle bernard fournier powder rooms have tons of design potential, if only you’d give them a little attention! take a look at these small bathroom ideas to ignite your imagination. *** powder rooms must be the most unloved room in a home.... read more bathroom, ensuite bathroom, half-bath, half-bath decor, powder room, powder room decor, small bathroom ideas, vanity, wall tile design, interior design & architecture leave a comment 30 march how to choose fun, comfortable, functional outdoor seating written by erika palmer get your deck ready for the warm weather with comfortable, functional, outdoor furniture! here’s a guide to help you decide what will fit your outdoor needs. *** i bet you’re looking longingly at your deck and dreaming about the... read more choosing patio furniture, outdoor dining, outdoor living, outdoor seating, outdoor seating areas, outdoor seating furniture, patio furniture outdoor living leave a comment 29 march how to stain a wood deck yourself written by shannon dauphin lee staining a deck? tips that can help you out are included here, as well as help choosing the right stain.  *** getting that deck ready for spring sometimes means a fresh new coat of stain. but there are so... read more how to stain a deck, outdoor living, staining a deck, staining a deck tips design, outdoor living leave a comment 29 march builddirect’s spring into action sale starts today! written by jill canty big news. actually, it’s our “biggest ever” news. happening right now until april 8th we’re having our biggest sale ever on builddirect.com that’s right, we’re celebrating our biggest sale in company history by offering you savings of up to 56%... read more builddirect, builddirect updates, home decor builddirect company updates leave a comment 29 march the right kitchen countertop: what do you use it for? written by anabelle bernard fournier your choice of kitchen countertop should be made not only for style, but also for the kind of cook you are. here’s a comparative analysis of different countertops. *** i like to think that i’m a pretty decent cook.... read more butchers block countertop, granite counter top, kitchen countertop, marble countertop design, interior design & architecture 4 comments 28 march distressed flooring: the look and feel of a lived-in floor written by lisa michelle the new methods that today’s leading wood and tile floor producers use to create a worn, rustic appearance and a warm texture for distressed flooring. what makes these effects so appealing? *** when it comes to the floors of... read more bathroom, distressed wood, distressed wood flooring, flooring, hallway, hardwood, kitchen, laminate, laminate flooring, tile, tile floor design trends, interior design & architecture 4 comments 28 march home decor ideas: how to get a luxurious neoclassical style written by anabelle bernard fournier if you enjoy the more luxurious side of home decor, try the neoclassical style. it’s easy to achieve and has very simple rules. try on these home decorating ideas for size. *** in the mid 18th century, philosophers, writers... read more columns, marble floor, marble tile, moldings, neoclassical decor, neoclassical style, stone tile, tile, travertine tile design, interior design & architecture leave a comment 28 march spring cleaning: the neat freak’s guide to décor written by tanya roberts tidying is an inevitability of owning a home. but cleaning doesn’t have to be a hassle. follow these tips for a home that’s easier to keep spotless. *** neat freaks, i salute you. you wouldn’t be caught dead with... read more easy care flooring options, easy-care flooring, easy-care tiles, easy-clean tiles, low maintenance floor tiles, low maintenance flooring, porcelain floor, vinyl flooring care & maintenence leave a comment 27 march how to choose a tile floor written by cate morgan-harlow tile is one of the world’s oldest building materials yet still ready for modern use. how do choose a tile floor? take a look at this overview to get started. *** choosing a tile floor for your home can... read more choosing tile, flooring, porcelain tile, stone tile, tile, tile layout, wall tile home improvement projects, products and benefits 2 comments 26 march how to choose an engineered wood floor written by cate morgan-harlow engineered wood flooring is a vital innovation, opening up the possbilities for real wood surfaces in homes and commerical settings. how do you choose one? let’s take a look. *** some home improvements add functionality or visual appeal in... read more choosing flooring, engineered flooring, engineered wood flooring, flooring, wood flooring products and benefits leave a comment 123›» design your dream bathroom at the builddirect design center get to know us find out about builddirect read about our blog authors submit room scenes for cash find out how to get 5 free samples browse stories by room bathroom kitchen living room bedroom outdoor living space browse stories by project home decor flooring tile landscaping gardening organizing cleaning home maintenance energy efficiency upgrades browse our blog categoriesbrowse our blog categories select category archives  (408) builddirect company updates  (80) design  (1,218) comforts of home  (239) interior design & architecture  (670) outdoor living  (260) green  (337) how to  (697) care & maintenence  (175) home improvement projects  (237) organization and storage  (137) long form read  (7) trends  (1,946) design trends  (245) homeownership and housing  (296) lifestyle  (284) products and benefits  (145) video  (5) discover our popular blog series infographics series astrology and decor series story series color palette of the week best designers series hardwood flooring product profile series long form reads the basics learn about wood flooring – interactively explore our posts from the vaults sustainable floors: new cork and bamboo flooring ideas november 6, 2014 the creative workspace: when “stuff” matters december 5, 2013 the 15 best architects in cincinnati may 30, 2016 interior design style and accessibility march 6, 2012 5 house maintenance practices to increase energy efficiency january 25, 2015 © copyright 2014. theme by bloompixel.