来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171206154024/https://www.builddirect.com/PrivacyPolicy
================================================================================

builddirect® - flooring, decking, siding, roofing, and more flooringwood flooringlaminate flooringhardwood flooringengineered hardwood floorsbamboo flooringcork flooringsee all wood flooringtile flooringceramic & porcelain tiletravertine tilemarble tilegranite tileslate tilelimestone tilesandstone tilesee all tile flooringvinyl flooringspecialty flooringaccessoriesadhesivesfloor care productsfloor heatingunderlaygrout & mortarfloor moldingssee all accessoriescarpet tilessee all flooringdeckingcomposite deckingwood deckingdeck tilesdeck railingsdeck accessoriessee all deckingbuilding materialssidingstone veneerstone sidingsee all sidingpanel productscabinet plywoodwall panelingsee all panel productsmoldings & millworkceiling tilesceiling ringsgable ventscorbelsrosettesonlaysceiling medallionsfloor moldingcasingbaseboardscrown moldingsee all moldings & millworklumberdimensional lumbersee all lumbersee all building materialsoutdoorpatio & outdoor furnitureoutdoor accessoriesheaters & fireplacesshade & coolingstorage, carts & shelvessee all outdoor accessorieslandscapepaversfenceslawn & gardenshedssee all landscapehot tubssee all outdoorkitchenwall tile & mosaicsglass mosaicglass & stone blendnatural stone mosaicceramic & porcelainmetal mosaicmosaicsborders & trimssee all wall tile & mosaicscountertopsbutcher blockgranite countertopsquartz slabssee all countertopskitchen faucetskitchen sinkskitchen storage & organizationkitchen cabinet organizationsee all kitchen storage & organizationkitchen cabinetskitchen accessoriessee all kitchenbathroombathroom faucetsbathroom sinksvanitiestoilets & bidetstoiletssee all toilets & bidetsshowersshower enclosuresshower doorsshower pansshower panelssee all showersbathtubs & whirlpoolsbathtubssee all bathtubs & whirlpoolssee all bathroomdoorsinterior doorsexterior doorssee all doorsfurnitureliving roomdining roomentertainmentbedroomhome officemattresses & framesmattressesbed framessee all mattresses & framesbathroom furnituresee all furniturelightingceiling lightinglight bulbslampswall lightinglighting accessoriessee all lightingappliancesdishwashers & accessoriesdishwasherssee all dishwashers & accessorieswashers & dryersdryerswasher & dryer comboswasher & dryer accessoriessee all washers & dryersrefrigerators & freezersrefrigeratorsbar & wine fridgessee all refrigerators & freezersranges, cooking & ventilationrangescooktopswall ovensrange hoodssee all ranges, cooking & ventilationheating, cooling & air qualityheatersfansair purifierssee all heating, cooling & air qualityvacuums & accessoriesvacuums & floor carevacuum parts & floor care accessoriessee all vacuums & accessoriessmall appliancessee all applianceshome dã©corfireplaces & mantelsfireplacesfireplace accessoriessee all fireplaces & mantelshome accentsframes & albumsartworkaccentspillows & cushionsroom dividerssee all home accentsmirrorswall mirrorsbathroom mirrorsdecorative mirrorsstanding mirrorssee all mirrorscarpet & rugsarea rugssee all carpet & rugswallpaper & wall treatmentswallpaper & borderssee all wallpaper & wall treatmentswindow treatmentswindow headerssee all window treatmentsbedding & bedskirtssee all home dã©corstorage & organizationcabinets & stackable cubescabinetssee all cabinets & stackable cubescloset storage & organizationwood closet organizerssee all closet storage & organizationbookcases & magazine racksshelves & hooksdecorative shelving unitswall hooksshelvessee all shelves & hookscleaning suppliessee all storage & organizationplumbingwater heaterssee all plumbinghardwaredoor handles & locksdeadboltsdoor knobsdoor leversfront door handle setssee all door handles & locksdoor hardwarefastenersnailsstaplessee all fastenerssee all hardwareclean energygeneratorsclean tech parts & componentscontrollersconverterssee all clean tech parts & componentson-grid systemsgrid assisted systemssee all on-grid systemsinverters & inverter chargersinverter chargersinverterssee all inverters & inverter chargerssolar panelshigh performance panelslight-weight panelstraditional panelssee all solar panelsoff-grid systemscabin systemsportablesee all off-grid systemsbatteries & battery banksbatteriessee all batteries & battery bankssolar racking & mountsmount kits & componentssee all solar racking & mountssee all clean energytoolshand toolshammers & sledgesflooring toolslevels & markingssee all hand toolspower tool accessoriesdrill bitssaw bladesgrinding & polishing wheelsmisc power tool accessoriessee all power tool accessoriespower toolssawsrotary & oscillating toolssee all power toolswet dry vacs & pressure washerssee all toolspro picksclearancetrends and tipsinstallation and how-to'sdesignpro rewardsclean energysell on builddirectget inspiredopen menusign in / register browse by categoryclearancepro picksinstallation and how-to'strends and tipspro rewards1-844-717-5811 privacy policy last updated june 20th 2016 application of this policy builddirect.com technologies inc. (“builddirect”) respects the privacy of its customers, suppliers and visitors. builddirect believes in protecting your privacy. this policy outlines how we obtain, share and collect personal information. by using our site and/or providing personal information to us, you agree to the terms of this policy. the purpose of collecting personal information from you is to improve your experience using builddirect and to provide you with additional information on our products, services and promotions. this policy does not apply to the practices of companies, other entities or websites that builddirect does not manage or control. it applies to interaction you have with the builddirect.com website or with a member of the builddirect team. this policy also covers our treatment of any personal information shared with us by third parties. third party websites you can visit the builddirect website and its sub-domains without registering for membership or subscribing to any communications. our websites contain links to other sites, which are not governed by this policy. reading the individual privacy policies of such websites will help you make an informed decision whether or not to use these sites based upon their privacy practices. personal information personal information is identifiable information about you as an individual. we collect personal information such as your name, your home address, your financial information, your personal preferences, as part of conducting transactions with you and when you visit our website. contact information your contact information is your name associated with your business address, business email, business telephone, business fax and other business contact information. contact information is not personal information. types of personal information builddirect collects from you payment and shipping information when you purchase a product on the builddirect.com website we collect your financial information to process the order. we may also collect your billing and shipping addresses for the purposes of fulfilling your transaction. we may also collect your order history and feedback in relation to your experience with builddirect. demographic information we may collect information like your age and gender. we may collect information about the products you like or the reviews and comments you post online. location information we may collect information from your ip address in relation to your location. the data is used to best match our products to the areas of demand. employment related information we may collect information you give us in contemplation of an employment opportunity with builddirect. browsing information we might track the pages you visit or the path you took to land on the builddirect website page and what website you visit when you leave us. we collect this information using tracking tools. for more information on these tracking tools please check your browsers privacy preferences page. how builddirect collects personal information from you we gather information you give us directly. there are many ways you give information to us directly and includes but is not limited to, the following: information you input into our website in connection with purchasing the products advertised telephone conversations online chat interaction email communications face to face meetings social media interaction through third party websites such as facebook, twitter, linkedin and youtube viewing our online advertisements or emails resumes, cover letters and prescreening calls in connection with an employment opportunity at builddirect all other communications with members of the builddirect team how builddirect collects non personal information we gather non-personal information from you indirectly this is mainly through your browser using tracking tools like behavior tracking, pixel tags and cookies. third parties such as delivery companies may also give us updated information in connection with your order. behavior tracking builddirect uses cookies to store information about your web site visit, activities, and preferences. a cookie is a small amount of text that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. most modern browsers automatically accept the placement of the cookie on your computer’s hard drive. if you would prefer to prevent your computer from accepting cookies, you can disable cookies from your browser; however, you may not be able to access certain features of builddirect’s website. like most other commercial websites, our website may monitor traffic patterns, site usage and related sites. we may automatically (i.e., not via registration) collect or compile certain information when you access the website. examples of this type of information include the aggregate and unique number of visitors to the website, the dates and times of visits to the website, ip addresses and the domains, cities and countries of visitors, the pages of the website visited and the content accessed, the type and version of the browser and operating system used to access the site, search engine and search terms used within the website or to visit the website, referring sites, and http errors generated. we use this information in order to assess the usage of our website and our marketing efforts, to send you tailored browser notifications with news and offers (with your consent), to optimize our website, and to monitor our site’s performance. we may provide such information to our website contractors for these purposes. we also may use a web analytics service or services on some pages to improve web design and usability. this may involve recording mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type on our websites. builddirect does not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use the same services. we work with ad content generation third parties such as facebook, google analytics, and adobe analytics to display ads to our site prospects, on our behalf, across the internet. they collect information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. the anonymous information is collected through the use of cookies and pixel tags. we use cookies and other techniques to track your interactions with our website; some of these technologies keep tracking your behavior when cookies are disabled. pixel tags are industry standard technology used by most major web sites. we use this website behaviour information for marketing purposes, system administration and also to identify problems and improve service. to review the privacy policy and opt out of google analytics program, visit the opt out of behavioral advertising link https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en to review the facebook privacy policy on custom audience ads and opt out from the program visit https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/ to review the chango privacy policy and opt out of ads, visit http://www.chango.com/privacy/opt-out/ to review the steelhouse privacy policy and opt out of ads, visit http://www.steelhouse.com/opt-out/ to review the quantcast privacy policy and opt out of ads, visit https://www.quantcast.com/company/opt-out to review the adobe analytics privacy policy and opt out visit http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html do not track signals builddirect website does not respond to do-not-track signals from the browser. instead, you can download and install browser plugins to automatically block tracking technologies. how builddirect uses your personal information builddirect may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes: contacting you in relation to your online visit and/or telephone call with our sales team, fulfilling orders and sales, and following up with you in relation to your order matching your location with the products you have selected to ensure proper and expeditious delivery to you to communicate with you about your inquiry, your account, your shopping cart or our relationship to look at website trends and customer interests to administer and build your builddirect account to market new services and products that we believe will be of interest to you (including by email, sms text message and push notifications to your browser or mobile app) to collect a debt owed to builddirect or its agents; or to pay a debt owed by builddirect to help us make credit decisions about clients, check the identity of new clients to prevent fraud and money laundering to help us make a decision with respect to employment or an appointment with builddirect to identify you if you visit our office premises for other uses we may disclose to you from time to time and as required or authorized by law. disclosure of personal information information about our customers is an important aspect of our business. builddirect undertakes to treat this information with integrity and does not and will not sell, or disclose your information unless for business purposes or as required by law. we will use contractual or other arrangements to protect information disclosed to third parties, who perform services on our behalf. these third parties include, but are not limited to, delivery service providers who ship and deliver your online orders. by providing information to us, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information outside of canada. builddirect may disclose your personal information: when the services we are providing to you require us to give information to third parties, for example: providing government-assigned identification numbers to customs brokers or other third parties responsible for processing customs clearance for shipments if we engage a third party to provide services to us (such as payroll processing for employees, computer back-up services, archival file storage, customer relationship management, advertising distribution, behavior tracking, marketing animation, delivering orders, processing credit card payments ) and the third party is bound by confidentiality obligations we may have to share information with vendors and manufacturers to respond to your feedback, comments or reviews where it is necessary to collect a debt owed to builddirect or its agents, or to pay a debt owed by builddirect to protect us if we suspect fraud we may disclose your information as part of an investigation to respond to an emergency where the health or safety of any individual is reasonably believed to be threatened if the information is already publicly known; and when we are required or authorized by law to do so or in other circumstances where you have consented to the disclosure we may collect, use and disclose information without your consent when we are required or authorized by law to do so. how builddirect secures your information builddirect takes all reasonable steps to ensure that your information is kept safe from loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. the steps we take to protect your information include: premises security restricted file access to your information deploying technological safeguards like encryption, access control, and firewalls to protect against hacking or unauthorized computer access use of secure socket layer (ssl) to encrypt credit card transactions use of authentication to access your account periodical reviewing of security measures. beyond the implementation of conscientious information protection best practices, you should be aware that internet communications are not absolutely private or confidential. ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any personal information in your possession. note that certain parts of the site services such as blog and learning center posts are public and your comments may be viewed by other users and site visitors. access to your personal information withdrawing consent individuals have the right to withdraw their consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of information at any time, except where that withdrawal would frustrate the performance of a legal obligation by builddirect. accessing or correcting your information individuals have the right to know what information builddirect has collected about them, how that information is being used and to whom it has been disclosed, as well as to verify and amend that information if it is incorrect. if necessary, builddirect will correct the information if requested to do so. removing information stored by builddirect upon reasonable written notice given to builddirect, all information held by builddirect that is identifiable to that individual will be removed from our records and confirmation of that removal will be provided to the individual. notwithstanding the foregoing, if you withdraw consent, builddirect nonetheless reserves the right to retain, collect, use and disclose information without your consent where we are permitted by law to do so. denial of access to information your right to access your information is not absolute. we may deny access when: denial of access is required or authorized by law; granting you access would have an unreasonable impact on other people’s privacy protecting our firm’s rights and property the request is deemed to be frivolous or vexatious. if we deny your request for access to, or refuse a request to correct your information, we will explain why. unsubscribing from marketing and promotional material from time to time, builddirect may engage a third-party marketing agency to distribute advertisements to consumers who have expressed an interest in receiving such material. for this purpose, the marketing agency may use its own distribution list. this list is not under builddirect’s control and may not be shared with builddirect. in relaying an opt-out request to a third-party marketing agency, builddirect therefore accepts no responsibility for any consequences to the requester arising from the actions of the agency. you may wish to opt out of receiving certain information or marketing and promotional material distributed directly by builddirect. you may do so by selecting the opt-out or unsubscribe feature in our online communications including our online newsletter and product updates. we may also obtain your consent to send push notifications to your browser. these notifications will contain news and offers from builddirect.com and may be tailored based on your interests and the areas of our website you have visited. you can stop receiving these notifications at any time by changing your browser settings. if you are using chrome, click here for instructions on how to change your notification settings and unsubscribe from browser push notifications. if you are using firefox, click here for instructions on how to change your notification settings and unsubscribe from browser push notifications if you are using safari, click here for instructions on how to change your notification settings and unsubscribe from browser push notifications for more information, contact us at the contact information set out below. contacting us to initiate any of the above requests please contact us at privacy@builddirect.com. when contacting us please provide sufficient detail to enable builddirect to confirm your identity. builddirect may contact you directly to confirm your identity. upon receiving this request, builddirect will respond to your query as soon as possible and information will normally be released to the requester within 30 days, except where that release is prohibited by law. children we do not target children in our advertising and our website is not created for children. to our knowledge we do not collect information from users under the age of 18. if you think that we have information about your child please contact us at privacy@builddirect.com retention of your personal information information will be retained for as long as may be necessary or relevant for the identified purpose of collection, or as may be required or permitted by law, after which time we will no longer retain identifiable information changes to this privacy policy since builddirect regularly reviews all of its policies and procedures, we may change this policy from time to time according to relevant laws and policies. when we revise this privacy policy the “last updated’ date indicates the beginning of this privacy policy. the modifications made will be effective from the new date. if we make any material changes to this privacy policy we will notify you by email. governance this policy will be governed by the laws of the province of british columbia and the laws of canada applicable therein, excluding any conflict of rules that would apply to another body of law. this policy constitutes and contains the entire agreement between you and builddirect with respect to its subject matter and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements. if any provision of this policy is held to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this policy will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. contact us: builddirect.com technologies inc. 2200 401 west georgia vancouver british columbia v6b5a1 privacy@builddirect.com customer service track your order shipping return policy faq contact us about builddirect about us newsroom affiliates pro rewards influencers careers resources learning center room scene submissions builddirect blog get inspired sellers supply chain learn about financing follow us on 1-877-631-2845 customerservice@builddirect.com site design by ©builddirect 2001 – 2018 privacy policy terms of use terms of sale environmental policy privacy policy terms of use terms of sale environmental policy site design by ©builddirect 2001 – 2018