来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241216070347/https://www.builddirect.com/pages/shipping
================================================================================

shipping – builddirect × hello! yes, take me to the store no, stay on this site skip to content get free shipping with code newyear find out more. 1-877-631-2845 search search design your room store locator cart sign in pro rewards search pro rewards design your room item added to your cart view cart check out continue shopping ordering & shipping information - after you place your order at builddirect, we believe in making things simple. download our delivery checklist for an easy to follow guide to receiving your order. builddirect’s shipping options means that you’ll get the service that’s right for you: you can have your order delivered right to your home or project site, and even have the option to save money by picking it up yourself.once your order is processed, you’ll receive an itemized shipping invoice that will include both full product names and the number of boxes that will comprise your delivery.for your convenience, we’ll email a link to track your order online.you’ll receive an estimated date of delivery as part of your order confirmation. you’ll then receive a call 24 hours before delivery to schedule a delivery appointment that works for you! delivery options value delivery our lowest cost, most eco-friendly delivery option! "value shipping" is a consolidated delivery method. this means that the delivery truck that contains your order, also contains product orders from customers in your area. by using a single truck to make several deliveries in one neighborhood, we are able to reduce the overall cost of shipping and pass the savings on to you! plus, by reducing the number of trucks on the road, we also reduce our carbon footprint in the process. curbside residential delivery our most popular option, designed to meet most home delivery needs. a few things to note: the delivery truck will be on the larger side. our goods are typically delivered in trucks around 30 to 50 feet long. if your home doesn’t have a flat, paved space accessible by carrier truck, get in touch with customer service. get extra help: home improvement orders tend to be on the larger side: you don’t want to be stuck moving 30+ boxes of flooring or an entire outdoor daybed set by yourself. have some help on hand! due to the heavy nature of home renovation orders, delivery drivers aren’t insured to offload your products themselves– if you’d like your items to be moved directly inside, call and arrange an inside delivery. the driveway area should be paved and readily accessible. if the driveway is at a steep incline, inaccessible by a large vehicle, or otherwise obstructed, delivery may take place at the end of your driveway. delivery drivers are people too! they don’t want to damage anyone’s property, so whether it’s curb or driveway is ultimately up to their discretion. what are liftgate and non-liftgate? depending on the size and weight of your order, your curbside delivery confirmation will say either “liftgate” or “non-liftgate”. liftgate is a powered lift that can get heavier orders off a truck and directly onto your curb or driveway. you’ll need a flat paved area that is spacious enough for the truck, and for the liftgate to be lowered. have help ready on the delivery date to bring your materials inside from the curb when your order arrives. non-liftgate means that the order size isn’t compatible with a truck’s liftgate system. you and anyone helping may have to remove the order from the shipping truck yourselves. either way, if you have any questions prior to your delivery, don’t hesitate to reach out to us! our logistics experts will get you all the info you need to make the delivery as easy as possible. inside delivery whether it’s flooring, deck tiles or outdoor furniture, there’s a good chance your order will be on the heavier side, and you might need some help moving your order boxes from curbside to your home. if you’d like the delivery team to assist you by carrying the order directly into your home, inside delivery is available for an extra fee. for any inside delivery questions or orders, contact your sales rep or customer service prior to delivery. if you don’t have anyone to assist you in moving your order from curb or driveway into your home, we strongly recommend inside delivery. give us a call! pick-up options have your own large vehicle? don’t want us to deliver? no problem! just select one of our two pick-up options after you place your order. customer pick-up some items can be picked up directly from our warehouse, which is a great way to save money if you have a vehicle that can handle heavyweight goods. you’ll be able to see if this is an option for your order on your builddirect “shopping cart” screen. enter your zip code when you're in your cart and the shipping calculation will appear. the city, state, and zip code of the warehouse closest to you will be shown if "customer pick-up" is an option for you. your items will be normally available for pick up within 2 days of purchase. our logistics team will send you an email with information about your pickup. simply call the warehouse listed and schedule an appointment, and we’ll make sure your order is ready and waiting for you. again, many of our home renovation product orders are over 1500lbs. be absolutely sure your vehicle can handle the weight! distribution center pick-up distribution center pickup is another delivery option that can save you money. if you have a large vehicle, but your products happen to be at an out-of-area warehouse, we can ship them to a more convenient location at a lower cost. ensure you have an appropriately sized vehicle, and we’ll schedule a pick-up appointment. after you receive your order congratulations! you’re on your way to completing your dream home renovations. before you dive in headfirst, there are a few final things to mention. if you have any product issues or questions, make sure to contact us before you begin installation. note: installation of a received product is considered a final acceptance of the product, and voids the 30-day money back guarantee. count your boxes it seems obvious, but just make sure that the number of boxes you received matches the number on your invoice. open your boxes make sure that you received the correct product, and that it isn’t damaged, warped, or in any way inappropriate for use in your home. damaged product? if your product is in any way damaged, reach out to builddirect customer service, and we’ll resolve the issue as quickly as possible. if possible, please include some photos of the damaged materials. 30-day money back guarantee see our terms of sale for full details. of course, if you have any questions about your order, products, delivery, or pickup, please don’t hesitate to get in touch with your sales representative or our customer service team – we’re always here to help. is your order over 4000 pounds? placing an order that’s over 4000lbs? the above delivery service options may not be your best option, but don’t worry – we still have your back. you may even qualify for a better rate! call builddirect’s logistics experts, and we’ll work out a volume rate shipping quote for you. order information how to track your builddirect order it’s easy to track your order online. as soon as your carrier picks up your order from our warehouse, you’ll receive an email with information on: the name and telephone number of the carrier the tracking number of your order, and; a link to the carrier’s website for online order tracking order delivery dates and times delivery times typically take place from monday to friday, 8am-5pm local time. after picking up your order from the warehouse, your carrier will call you to confirm a delivery appointment. please be at the delivery location at the set appointment time – if a redelivery is required, you may face additional shipping charges. inspecting and signing off your delivery on delivery of your product, the delivery driver will ask you to sign the order waybill. before signing the waybill, please do a quick visual inspection of the delivery. make sure the number of boxes matches the number on the order. make a note of any visible damage to packing materials and record them on the waybill. if possible, take pictures of any visibly damaged product or boxes, and please keep all damaged boxes/packaging, if any. if there is any damaged product, or damage that may have been sustained during shipping, please call builddirect customer service, and we’ll resolve any issues as quickly as possible. questions? getting your home renovation products should be exciting, not stressful. no matter what, we want to make sure your product and shipping experience is an easy one. have any questions or concerns? please don’t hesitate to reach out at any point during the shipping/delivery process. phone: 1-877-631-2845 email: customersuccess@builddirect.com customs compliance due to us customs and border protection requirements, builddirect will be required to collect irs and/or ssn numbers for shipments heading into the united states valued over $2500.00 usd. to comply with this regulation, this form will need to be filled out and sent to your builddirect customer service representative. never miss the chance to improve your home! sign up to receive email updates on promotions, sales and more. subscribe facebook translation missing: en.general.social.links.linkedin instagram youtube twitter stay in touch 1-877-631-2845 (toll free in north america) customerservice@builddirect.com customer service my account track your order shipping return policy faq contact us about builddirect about us pro rewards careers investor relations & press resources learning center blog learn about financing ©2001-2024 builddirect privacy policy terms of use terms of sale environmental policy other policies choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. opens in a new window.