来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141219002854/https://www.bollandbranch.com/about-us/terms-of-use
================================================================================

terms of service - boll and branch verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email login / register wholesaler / [[currentuser.purchasingchannel.name | lowercase]] / wholesale (pending) / ▼ login / register in credit orders settings logout [[initcartdropdowndelay()]] cart 0 boll and branch llc home shop ▼ our story meet boll & branch how we do it giving back 2014 impact report risk-free trial sheets sheet sets pillowcases fitted sheets bed skirts box spring covers duvet covers pillowcases pillow shams throw blankets reviews account login / register orders settings logout shop our story shop all meet boll & branch shop all how we do it shop all giving back shop all 2014 impact report shop all risk-free trial shop all sheets shop all sheet sets shop all pillowcases shop all fitted sheets shop all bed skirts shop all box spring covers shop all duvet covers pillowcases pillow shams throw blankets reviews verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email checkout [[getnewitem().name]] added to cart verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email login / register wholesaler / [[currentuser.purchasingchannel.name | lowercase]] / wholesale (pending) / ▼ login / register in credit orders settings logout [[initcartdropdowndelay()]] cart 0 boll and branch llc home shop ▼ our story meet boll & branch how we do it giving back 2014 impact report risk-free trial sheets sheet sets pillowcases fitted sheets bed skirts box spring covers duvet covers pillowcases pillow shams throw blankets reviews account login / register orders settings logout shop our story shop all meet boll & branch shop all how we do it shop all giving back shop all 2014 impact report shop all risk-free trial shop all sheets shop all sheet sets shop all pillowcases shop all fitted sheets shop all bed skirts shop all box spring covers shop all duvet covers pillowcases pillow shams throw blankets reviews verify account to track orders. resend emailresend verification email checkout [[getnewitem().name]] added to cart our story our story shop all meet boll & branch how we do it giving back 2014 impact report risk-free trial sheets sheets shop all sheet sets pillowcases fitted sheets bed skirts box spring covers duvet covers pillowcases pillow shams throw blankets reviews terms of service welcome to the boll & branch website (the "site"). by accessing, browsing or using this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by these terms of use (these "terms"). if you do not agree to these terms, you should not use or access this site. boll & branch reserves the right to revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. you are encouraged to review these terms each time you use the site because your use of the site after the posting of changes will constitute your acceptance of the changes. we grant you a personal, limited, non-transferable non-exclusive, license to access and use the site. we reserve the right, in our sole discretion and without notice to you, to revise the products and services available on the site and to change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the site and we will not be liable to you or to any third party for doing so. we may also impose rules for and limits on use of the site or restrict your access to part, or all, of the site without notice or penalty. your continued use of the site will constitute your acceptance of any such changes. 1. use of the site you may use the site only for your own noncommercial personal use and in compliance with these terms and our privacy policy (the "privacy policy") (available through the privacy link on the main page). you are responsible for your own communications, including the transmission, uploading or posting of information and are responsible for the consequences of such communications to the site. we require all members to agree not to use the site, and specifically prohibit any use of the site, for any of the following purposes: posting, communicating or transmitting any material that infringes on any intellectual property, publicity or privacy right of another person or entity posting any information which is untrue, inaccurate or not your own engaging in conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law or regulation attempting to interfere in any way with the site's or boll & branch's network security, or attempting to use the site's service to gain unauthorized access to any other computer system you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. you agree to immediately notify us in the event of any unauthorized use of your account or other breach of security. 2. additional terms and conditions you agree that additional terms and conditions may apply to specific products, orders or your use of certain portions of the site, including with respect to ordering, shipping and return policies and membership reward programs ("additional terms"), which additional terms are made part of these terms by reference. if there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms shall control. 3. account the site is available to registered users who are 18 years and older and who have not been suspended or removed by boll & branch for any reason (a "member"). we reserve the right to revoke your account for any reason at any time including as a result of a violation of these terms of the privacy policy, without notice. accounts are void where prohibited by law. 4. product information; limitations on quantities excluding any content which may be submitted by members from time to time, we strive to ensure that the information on the site is complete and reliable. certain information may contain pricing errors, typographical errors and other errors or inaccuracies which we may correct without liability. we also reserve the right to limit quantities purchased by members and to revise, suspend, or terminate an event or promotion at any time without notice (including after an order has been submitted and/or acknowledged). we do not guarantee that all products described on our site will be available. 5. return policy we make exceptional products and fully stand behind their quality. if you are unsatisfied with your purchase for any reason, we will accept returns and exchanges within 30 days of purchase. returns are refunded in the original payment form, minus shipping and handling. boll & branch cannot accept returns after 30 days for any reason other than manufacturing defects. for more information, please visit our returns policy page. 6. proprietary rights you acknowledge and agree that the content (other than content that may be submitted by members), materials, software and other components (including our graphics, logos, videos, button icons, music and page headers) available on the site are the property of boll & branch or our licensors and are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, or other proprietary rights and laws. you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, or create derivative works from any content or materials on the site. 7. submitted content boll & branch does not claim ownership of any materials you make available through the site. with respect to any materials you submit or make available for inclusion on the site, you grant boll & branch a perpetual, irrevocable, non-terminable, worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, copy, distribute, publicly display, modify, create derivative works, and sublicense such materials or any part of such materials. you hereby represent, warrant and covenant that any materials you provide do not include anything (including, but not limited to, text, images, music or video) to which you do not have the full right to grant boll & branch the license specified above. you further represent, warrant and covenant that any materials you provide will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. boll & branch will be entitled to use any content submitted by you without incurring obligations of confidentiality, attribution or compensation to you. 8. disclaimers you assume all responsibility and risk with respect to your use of the site. the site, and all content, merchandise, and other information on or accessible from or through this site or a "linked" site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, security or accuracy. specifically, but without limitation, boll & branch does not warrant that: (1) the information on this site is correct, accurate or reliable; (2) the functions contained on this site will be uninterrupted or error-free; or (3) defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components. boll & branch makes no warranties of any kind regarding any non-boll & branch sites to which you may be directed or hyperlinked from this site. hyperlinks are included solely for your convenience, and boll & branch makes no representations or warranties with regard to the accuracy, availability, suitability or safety of information provided in such non-boll & branch sites. boll & branch does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any products or services offered or provided by or on behalf of third parties on the site. 11. indemnification you agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend boll & branch llc, its parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses of defense, including attorneys' fees, in any way arising from or related to your use of the site, your violation of these terms or the privacy policy, content posted to the site by you, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party. 12. limitations on liability in no event shall boll & branch, its affliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, subsidiaries, suppliers, affiliates, or third parties providing information on this site be liable to any user of the site or any other person or entity for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, consequential or exemplary damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data, or loss of use) arising out of the use or inability to use the site, whether based upon warranty, contract, tort, or otherwise, even if boll & branch has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages or losses. in no event shall the total liability of boll & branch, its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, subsidiaries, suppliers, affiliates or third parties providing information on this site to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action resulting from your use of this site, whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence) or otherwise, exceed the amount you paid to boll & branch in connection with the event giving rise to such liability. you hereby acknowledge that the preceding paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through the site. because some states do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages, all of the above disclaimers or exclusions may not apply to all users. 13. international use we control and operate the site from the united states. we make no representation that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use outside the united states. if you choose to access this site from outside the united states, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. 14. risk of loss any merchandise purchased from our site will be shipped by a third party carrier. as a result, title and risk of loss for such merchandise will pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. 15. copyright infringement; notice and take down procedures boll & branch specifically prohibits the posting of any content that violates or infringes the copyright rights and/or other intellectual property rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of any person or entity. if you believe that any material contained on this site infringes your copyright or other intellectual property rights, you should notify us of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the following procedure. boll & branch will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives and will take appropriate action as required by the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca"). the dmca requires that notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to this site's designated agent at the following address: boll & branch llc attn: copyright agent 248 main street chatham, new jersey 07928 to be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information (dmca, 17 u.s.c. §512(c)(3)): physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and, a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 16. enforcement these terms and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and boll & branch or its parent, subsidiaries, divisions, or affiliates shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of new jersey, without regard to its conflict of law principles. you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in new jersey with respect to any legal proceeding that may arise in connection with these terms and your use of the site. in addition, you expressly waive any right to a jury trial in any legal proceeding against boll & branch, its parent, subsidiaries, divisions, or affiliates or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, or successors under or related to these terms. any claim or cause of action you have with respect to use of the site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim arises. 17. general unless otherwise specified herein, these terms, together with the privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and boll & branch with respect to the site. boll & branch may deny you access to the site at any time, immediately and without notice, if in boll & branch's sole discretion you fail to comply with any provision of these terms. if any part of these terms is found to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. any waiver of any breach by you or others of these terms, or of any provision hereof, will only be effective if in writing and signed by boll & branch. to contact us with any questions or concerns in connection with these terms or the site, or to provide any notice under these terms, please refer to our contact us page. last updated: december 1, 2013 © 2013 boll & branch llc. all rights reserved. copyright © boll and branch llc 2015 promotions & news subscribe blog faq laundry care press inquiries wholesale shipping returns terms privacy help registry copyright © 2015 boll and branch llc. all rights reserved. sign in to boll and branch llc create a boll and branch llc account forgot my password expired/invalid password recovery code password reset link sent to [[formerror]] forgot password? sign up? log in with facebook or secure sign in i don't have an account yet, sign up ► forgot password ► signup with facebook or subscribe to receive occasional promotional emails. we will not share your personal information. sign up i already have an account ► forgot password ► welcome! an account confirmation email has been sent to please click the link in your confirmation email to track or modify your orders. to resend the confirmation email, click here. [[formerror]] log in with facebook email password reset link sign up for an account ► log in ► sorry, for security reasons your password reset link has expired. resend password reset link to [[logininput.email]] sign up for an account ► log in ► didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ► thanks for visiting. see you again soon! change your password your password change is saved current password new password save changes