来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161121164216/https://www.bollandbranch.com/blogs/content/2016-holiday-gift-guide
================================================================================

2016 holiday gift guide – boll & branch get on the list! be the first to know about new collections and insider offers, and get $25 off your first purchase.* sign up you're on the list! thanks for signing up! sweet dreams are ahead. close *minimum purchase of $150 bedding sheet sets sheet separates pillowcases pillows & pillow protectors decorativepillow covers new duvet covers & shams duvet inserts blankets & quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft percale flannel new about our fabrics shop by product shop by size shop by fabric summer vines pillowcase set 2 colors available banded pillowcase set 4 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available modern floral duvet set 1 colors available linen stripe duvet set 1 colors available banded sham 4 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available bedding mattress bath & home towels decorativepillow covers new throw blankets women's waffle robe flannel pajamas spa robe new hats & scarves cable knit throw 5 colors available chunky knit throw 3 colors available bath & home what's new mother's day gifts gift sets summer vines modern floral collection linen stripe collection sandy sheets vibrant coral a laid-back, linen bed modern floral bedroom spring catalog spa set 1 colors available mommy & me set 3 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available what's new our mission our impact our story why organic cotton a higher standard in the news our mission sign in help center return policy newsletter our blog newsletter boll-branch_logo search sign in bag 0 bedding sheet sets sheet separates pillowcases pillows & pillow protectors decorativepillow covers new duvet covers & shams duvet inserts blankets & quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft percale flannel new about our fabrics shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now sheet separates want to mix and match? our fitted sheets and flat sheets are sold separately so you can customize and create the bedding look of your dreams. want to mix and match? our fitted sheets and flat sheets are sold separately so you can customize and create the bedding look of your dreams. shop now summer vines pillowcase set 2 colors available banded pillowcase set 4 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available pillows & protectors experience the difference of an expertly engineered pillow. available in down and down alternative fills, our pillow is carefully crafted to provide maximum support and softness. protect its 100% organic cotton shell and keep it supportive with a perfectly-sized pillow protector. experience the difference of an expertly engineered pillow. available in down and down alternative fills, our pillow is carefully crafted to provide maximum support and softness. protect its 100% organic cotton shell and keep it supportive with a perfectly-sized pillow protector. shop pillows decorative pillow covers our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! shop now modern floral duvet set 1 colors available linen stripe duvet set 1 colors available banded sham 4 colors available duvet inserts it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. shop now blankets and quilts whether it's a soft and cozy blanket or our heirloom-quality quilt, our versatile layers don't just add warmth to your bed, they add style. whether it's a soft and cozy blanket or our heirloom-quality quilt, our versatile layers don't just add warmth to your bed, they add style. shop now crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more bedding mattress bath & home towels decorativepillow covers new throw blankets women's waffle robe flannel pajamas spa robe new hats & scarves bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our bath products set new standards for softness and durability. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now decorative pillow covers our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! shop now cable knit throw 5 colors available chunky knit throw 3 colors available women's waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, you'll feel pampered every time you put it on. a plush, springy texture makes this organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, you'll feel pampered every time you put it on. shop now flannel pajamas our beloved, luxe flannel is now wearable! perfect for cuddling up on chilly winter nights. our beloved, luxe flannel is now wearable! perfect for cuddling up on chilly winter nights. shop now spa robe if you love looking at our new modern floral collection, you'll love wearing it even more. the spa robe was designed with relaxation in mind — our signature soft material on the exterior combines with custom french terry lining on the interior, made to be both warm and moisture-wicking. if you love looking at our new modern floral collection, you'll love wearing it even more. the spa robe was designed with relaxation in mind — our signature soft material on the exterior combines with custom french terry lining on the interior, made to be both warm and moisture-wicking. shop now chunky knit accessories it's like wearing our chunky knit throw! these cozy accessories are sure to be favorites for years to come. it's like wearing our chunky knit throw! these cozy accessories are sure to be favorites for years to come. shop now bath & home what's new mother's day gifts gift sets summer vines modern floral collection linen stripe collection sandy sheets vibrant coral a laid-back, linen bed modern floral bedroom spring catalog new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new at boll & branch this just in! shop our recent arrivals to find new, super soft products for your home. this just in! shop our recent arrivals to find new, super soft products for your home. shop now mother's day gifts this mother's day, make up for all of the sleep you've cost your mom through the years with these snuggly gifts. from luxurious robes to stylish throws, we have something every mom will love. this mother's day, make up for all of the sleep you've cost your mom through the years with these snuggly gifts. from luxurious robes to stylish throws, we have something every mom will love. shop now spa set 1 colors available mommy & me set 3 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available summer vines summer in a sheet set: lively, vibrant, and beautiful! new summer vines bedding is printed on our organic signature soft fabric and is the perfect layer for bringing a coastal feel to your room. summer in a sheet set: lively, vibrant, and beautiful! new summer vines bedding is printed on our organic signature soft fabric and is the perfect layer for bringing a coastal feel to your room. shop now modern floral collection we're in full bloom with our new modern floral collection! our beloved, pure organic signature soft material now comes in a beautiful botanic watercolor pattern. layer it on your bed for the perfect seasonal touch. we're in full bloom with our new modern floral collection! our beloved, pure organic signature soft material now comes in a beautiful botanic watercolor pattern. layer it on your bed for the perfect seasonal touch. shop now linen stripe collection the new linen stripe collection is ultra-breathable and made from pure european flax. the subtle stripes and airy material recall a breezy, laid-back style that's ideal for bringing a beachy feel to your room. the new linen stripe collection is ultra-breathable and made from pure european flax. the subtle stripes and airy material recall a breezy, laid-back style that's ideal for bringing a beachy feel to your room. shop now sandy sheets nothing says "summer" like beach-inspired bedding. get ready for sunny days with our new summer vines sheet set in dune. nothing says "summer" like beach-inspired bedding. get ready for sunny days with our new summer vines sheet set in dune. shop the room vibrant coral lively, colorful, coastal. printed on our organic signature soft fabric, the new summer vines sheet set in coral is the seasonal bedding you've been dreaming of. lively, colorful, coastal. printed on our organic signature soft fabric, the new summer vines sheet set in coral is the seasonal bedding you've been dreaming of. shop the room a laid-back, linen bed our new linen stripe collection is ultra-breathable and perfect for warmer temperatures. the subtle striping makes for a breezy, beautiful, laid-back room. our new linen stripe collection is ultra-breathable and perfect for warmer temperatures. the subtle striping makes for a breezy, beautiful, laid-back room. shop the room modern floral bedroom the lovely watercolor print on our new modern floral collection brings a refreshing spring touch to your bedroom. layer it on your bed for a pop of botanic beauty. the lovely watercolor print on our new modern floral collection brings a refreshing spring touch to your bedroom. layer it on your bed for a pop of botanic beauty. shop the room spring catalog flip through the digital version of our spring catalog. it's full of new arrivals, beautiful spring bedroom inspiration, and gift ideas for mother's day (hint hint!). flip through the digital version of our spring catalog. it's full of new arrivals, beautiful spring bedroom inspiration, and gift ideas for mother's day (hint hint!). shop now what's new our mission our impact our story why organic cotton a higher standard in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our impact today and every day, we promise to keep people at the heart of our business, from the farmers who grow our cotton to the person who sleeps in our sheets at night. today and every day, we promise to keep people at the heart of our business, from the farmers who grow our cotton to the person who sleeps in our sheets at night. learn about our impact our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission our blog show all results home / boll & branch blog / 2016 holiday gift guide tags the blog search the blog baby blankets bedding best sellers children's bedding crib sheets fair trade flannel gift guide gifts holiday inspiration not for sale organic organic cotton percale reviews sheet sheets sleep small business sustainability tips wellness 2016 holiday gift guide november 08, 2016 bedding, gift guide, holiday, organic cotton, sheets it's the most wonderful time of the year…finally! we get it—finding the perfect gift is tough. in preparation for the holiday season, we’ve put together a gift guide to help you choose a thoughtful gift for each and every special person in your life. we did the work for you so that you can focus on what’s important this season. gifts $50 and under is the office planning a secret santa? looking for that “just-in-case” present? our gifts $50 and under collection is just for you! take a look at our slouchy beanie or one of our fabulous scarves. wrapped and ready these items come beautifully wrapped and packaged in our signature white box, requiring no additional wrapping effort on your part. choose anything from our sheet sets to our throw blankets! gifts for snowy days you’re getting warmer. these are the perfect gifts for those who want to stay in drinking hot chocolate with marshmallows. our flannel collection will have you saying “baby, it’s cold outside, but warm in here.” gifts for mom and dad looking for something to show your biggest fans how much you appreciate them? give them the gift of pure, soft sleep. but if they’ve already upgraded their bedroom, let them know you care by showering them in a brand new towel set! gifts for little ones give something your nieces and nephews will use every day! choose amongst our favorites like the children’s sheet sets and the baby blanket gift sets. gifts for the host and hostess don’t come to the party empty-handed! whether you’re going to your in-laws for the holidays, or a good friend’s house, give him or her the gift of better sleep. share this post facebook twitter pinterest email recommended posts view all posts contact us (800) 678-3234 help@bollandbranch.com about boll & branch + our story impact in the news reviews trade our blog careers promotion details & disclaimers press inquiries style guide retail store organic cotton leadership organic sheets natural mattress spring catalog customer service + sign in / order history contact us faqs laundry care shipping & return policy limited warranty return an item keep in touch sign up and be the first to know about our best deals and new products. sign up thanks for signing up! connect with us ©2019 boll & branch terms of service privacy social media policy (800) 678-3234 sign in to boll & branch llc create a boll & branch llc account reset my password password reset link sent to welcome! thanks for visiting! see you again soon! password reset link sent to didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ►