来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171227135250/https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/faqs
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | help center | boll & branch get on the list! be the first to know about new collections and insider offers, and get $25 off your first purchase.* sign up you're on the list! thanks for signing up! sweet dreams are ahead. close *minimum purchase of $150 bedding sheet sets pillows duvet inserts duvet covers + shams sheets + pillowcases blankets + quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft linen new percale flannel about our fabrics shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now a better pillow expertly engineered and carefully constructed for maximum support, softness and the best sleep of your life. wrapped in pure 100% organic cotton, this pillow is filled with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. expertly engineered and carefully constructed for maximum support, softness and the best sleep of your life. wrapped in pure 100% organic cotton, this pillow is filled with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. shop pillows duvet inserts it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. shop now floral duvet set 1 colors available linen solid duvet set 1 colors available banded sham 4 colors available fitted sheet 8 colors available flat sheet 8 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available summer basketweave throw 2 colors available waffle blanket 5 colors available heritage quilt set 3 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature linen our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. shop linen percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale flannel our warmest sheets are made of the world’s first luxury flannel. check out our signature and brand-new patterns in fall 2018. our limited edition winter sheets are made of the world’s first luxury flannel. look out for our next batch, arriving in fall 2018. shop flannel about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more bedding bath + home towels waffle robe new bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. shop now bath + home featured new arrivals summer styles goop picks best sellers about our fabrics in the spotlight shop new arrivals, best sellers, and picks from our friends at goop. shop new arrivals, best sellers, and picks from our friends at goop. shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now summer styles light, bright & breezy just like your favorite season. find all of your summer needs here. light, bright & breezy just like your favorite season. find all of your summer needs here. shop now goop picks shop the lifestyle brand's favorite organic home essentials. shop the lifestyle brand's favorite organic home essentials. shop now best sellers our customers can't get enough of these popular styles. our customers can't get enough of these popular styles. shop now explore our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more featured our mission our story why organic cotton a higher standard giving back in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how boll & branch is not for sale forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. learn more in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission sign in help center return policy newsletter our blog newsletter boll-branch_logo search sign in bag 0 bedding sheet sets pillows duvet inserts duvet covers + shams sheets + pillowcases blankets + quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft linen new percale flannel about our fabrics shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now a better pillow expertly engineered and carefully constructed for maximum support, softness and the best sleep of your life. wrapped in pure 100% organic cotton, this pillow is filled with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. expertly engineered and carefully constructed for maximum support, softness and the best sleep of your life. wrapped in pure 100% organic cotton, this pillow is filled with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. shop pillows duvet inserts it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. shop now floral duvet set 1 colors available linen solid duvet set 1 colors available banded sham 4 colors available fitted sheet 8 colors available flat sheet 8 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available summer basketweave throw 2 colors available waffle blanket 5 colors available heritage quilt set 3 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature linen our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. shop linen percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale flannel our warmest sheets are made of the world’s first luxury flannel. check out our signature and brand-new patterns in fall 2018. our limited edition winter sheets are made of the world’s first luxury flannel. look out for our next batch, arriving in fall 2018. shop flannel about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more bedding bath + home towels waffle robe new bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. shop now bath + home featured new arrivals summer styles goop picks best sellers about our fabrics in the spotlight shop new arrivals, best sellers, and picks from our friends at goop. shop new arrivals, best sellers, and picks from our friends at goop. shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now summer styles light, bright & breezy just like your favorite season. find all of your summer needs here. light, bright & breezy just like your favorite season. find all of your summer needs here. shop now goop picks shop the lifestyle brand's favorite organic home essentials. shop the lifestyle brand's favorite organic home essentials. shop now best sellers our customers can't get enough of these popular styles. our customers can't get enough of these popular styles. shop now explore our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more featured our mission our story why organic cotton a higher standard giving back in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how boll & branch is not for sale forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. learn more in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission our blog show all results home / faqs faqs need help? start a return email us call us 800-678-3234 monday - friday 9am - 5pm est summit, nj home / faqs more customer service contact us faq laundry care shipping & return policy return an item international shipping need help? start a return email us call us 800-678-3234 monday - friday 9am - 5pm est summit, nj faq categories about us our products returns orders laundry care search faqs about us our products orders payment shipping & deliveries returns laundry care color descriptions notifications about us what is the inspiration behind the name boll & branch? think about it from the ground up. cotton is a soft, delicate fiber that grows in a ‘boll’—the protective case surrounding the cotton seed—and an extension of the supportive ‘branch.’ we have always committed to supporting and protecting organic cotton farmers in the developing world who have been marginalized and extorted by big name corporations for generations. metaphorically speaking, the boll does for the cotton seed as we strive to do for those who dedicate their lives to the farming and crafting of organic cotton. the cotton boll and branch are the foundation of our company, and everything we are able to do begins in the simplest form of the cotton plant. read our blog entry for more information! where are your products made? we searched the globe near and far in search of the best cotton, and ended up finding what we were looking for in orissa, india. our sateen and towel products are made with sustainable practices in india by people who earn respect and fair wages for their work, which means your business supports economic opportunity to a special group of cotton growers who have historically been underserved by big business. our flannel products are made sustainably in portugal by expert artisans who have mastered the tradition of flannel manufacturing and design, and the cotton used to create flannel originates from turkey. learn more about where our products are made by reading our blog entry! what are the benefits of organic cotton? we’re glad you asked! switching to organic cotton has a number of benefits for you, your family and your global neighbors. the environmental effects are astounding: farmers are able to grow cotton without the use of harmful chemicals and pesticides, preventing seepage and contamination into the groundwater that is so essential to the health and safety of local communities. this also means that you and your family can have a truly peaceful sleep, knowing that our products are pure, grown naturally and provide opportunity for so many people. three cheers for a feel-good sleep, inside and out! is your packaging eco-friendly? when you invest in our thoughtfully-made products, you receive the whole package! like our textile products, our packaging is eco-friendly and sustainably-produced. our white gift boxes are made without the use of laminations that prevent conventional boxes from being recycled. with a 100% recycled board, aqueous varnish and water-based adhesives, recycled contents make up more than 80% of each box. in addition to using recycled materials, we produce our boxes in a socially and environmentally focused factory, which is sa8000 certified, an accreditation for social accountability in the workplace. our products what does thread count mean, and why does it matter? thread count is simply the industry’s standard measurement of the number of vertical and horizontal threads contained within one square inch of fabric. thread count isn’t necessarily an accurate indicator of fabric quality, nor it doesn’t ensure that you’re purchasing the safest or softest option. at boll & branch, we take thread count, softness, breathability, and sustainability into consideration to create the highest quality sheets for you and your family—you’re welcome! read our blog entry for more information. what thread count are boll & branch sheets? our signature sateen sheets are woven to a 300 thread count, delivering a breathability and softness that will instantly make them your go-to bedding. because we use ultra-premium single-ply organic cotton to create them, our sheets have an optimal balance of lightweight feel, softness, durability and quality. in short: they’re designed to be the softest, most comfortable sheets you will ever sleep in! you can read more on thread count by visiting our blog entry! what is a sateen weave? remember this: many factors affect the final result of the look and feel of a bed sheet. our sateen sheets are made with the characteristic four-over-one-under weave to achieve a super soft, silk and luxurious finish, while maintaining a balanced breathability. you can learn more about our sateen weave by reading our blog entry. do you offer fabric swatches? yes, please contact our customer experience team at 1-800-678-3234 and we’d be glad to send you swatches. how deep are your fitted sheets? all our fitted sheets have a 17-inch deep pocket. they also come with a full elastic banding that’s sewn around the edge for a little extra flexibility, ensuring a generous fit over even the deepest mattresses. see? every detail really does matter to us! do boll & branch sheets wrinkle? as with all of our products, we like to let nature run its course. this is why your 100% organic sheets may wrinkle more easily than conventional “wrinkle resistant” bed sheets that have been soaked with harsh chemicals or waxes. don’t worry, bedding perfectionists can still iron! check out our laundry care guide for more information! can i add a gift note to my order? of course! but remember, gift notes must be added at the time of purchase. to add a gift note, scroll over the shopping bag in the top right hand corner and click, “add a gift note.” after entering your note, please save your changes by clicking, “save note.” if you have any difficulty with this process, please contact customer experience at (800) 678-3234 before checkout. if you want to add a gift note after completing your order, please contact customer experience within 15 minutes of the purchase. because we pack and ship your orders as quickly as possible to ensure the fastest delivery to your home, we cannot guarantee that a gift note can be added after purchase. do you offer gift wrapping on orders? our bed sheets, duvet covers and throw blankets come in our celebrated white gift box, while the remainder of our products come in an equally beautiful presentation. please note that our flannel sheet sets and flannel duvet cover sets do not come in our signature white gift box. we do not offer additional gift wrapping services, because we’re sure your gift recipient will adore our signature packaging! do i need to wash my sheets before using? our sheets are shipped to you oversized to account for the slight, natural shrinkage that will occur after their necessary first wash. why is this important? because our production process is free of any harmful chemical sizing agents like formaldehyde or other laundering practices to pre-shrink the final product. we avoid those steps to remain true to our organic certified standards—and minimize the environmental impact of production by using less water, heat and other additives. if your sheets fit looser in the beginning, rest assured that after the first couple of washes your sheets will have the perfect fit. orders can i use a discount code when purchasing a gift card? no, discounts are only valid on physical merchandise sold. since gift cards are monetary sums, we do not offer discounts on cash values. how do i edit my cart? to edit your cart on desktop, please follow the steps below. if you are still uncertain about how to edit your cart on desktop, please watch our video tutorial here! 1. mouse over your shopping bag in the top right-hand corner of your screen, and click "view my bag."2. once in your bag, you can remove an item altogether or decrease/increase the quantity of the item.3. if you wish to add additional items to your cart, click "home" in the left-hand corner of the screen.4. if you are ready to pay and do not need to add any additional items to your cart, select "checkout." to edit your cart on mobile or tablet, please follow the steps below. if you are still uncertain about how to edit your cart on mobile or tablet, please watch our video tutorial here! 1. click on the shopping bag at the top right-hand corner of the screen2. scroll to the bottom of the screen, and select “return to bag”3. once in your bag, you can either remove an item altogether or decrease/increase the quantity of the item.4. if you would like to add additional items to your cart click “home” at the top of your screen.5. if you are ready to pay and do not need to add any additional items to the cart, click "checkout." how can i cancel an order? to cancel your order, please contact customer experience at (800) 678-3234 within 5 minutes of checking out. because we pack and ship your orders quickly to make sure you can enjoy them as soon as possible, cancellations are not guaranteed and can only be made during business hours m–f, 9am–5pm est. if we are unable to cancel your order in the allotted time, please go to www.bollandbranch.com/returns once you receive your package to start the easy return process. how do i place an order as a gift order? when checking out online, there will be an option to click "gift message." from there you will be able to write the gift note for your order. please note, all of our packages come with an invoice indicating the product ordered without price.if you have forgotten to add a gift note, please contact customer experience at (800) 678-3234 within the first 15 minutes of placing your order. we will be happy to help you! where can i check my order status? check your order status at any time here. enter your order number and email address to view current status and order details, or download a copy of your invoice. as soon as it becomes available—typically within one business day—you can access tracking information by clicking the “track your order” link at the top right. payment how do i apply a coupon to an order? coupon codes can be applied at checkout on the right-hand side of the screen. only one coupon code is allowed per order. if you forget to add your coupon code at checkout, don’t worry. our customer experience team is more than happy to help. just click here to send them a note! if i entered the wrong billing address, what should i do? please contact our customer experience team at (800) 678-3234 and we will correct this for you as soon as possible! why is my credit card charged upon order placement? your security is our priority! as a policy, boll & branch does not store any credit card information and, therefore, we must charge credit cards at the time of ordering. of course, orders can be cancelled before shipment for a full refund. will i be charged sales tax? for customers in massachusetts, new jersey, new york, south dakota, and washington, state sales tax will apply. sales tax will be calculated and reflected in your order summary at checkout, after the shipping address has been entered. shipping & deliveries which shipping carrier do you use? we currently use fedex and usps. please note that usps is used for p.o. box deliveries, and ups is used for international deliveries. do you offer free shipping? yes! boll & branch is pleased to offer free ground shipping for u.s. customers. do you offer expedited shipping? we sure do! all orders within the u.s. come with an expedited option for either one-day or two-day shipping at checkout. below are the shipping options we offer: fedex: free ground shipping fedex: two-day shipping ($22.00) fedex: one-day shipping ($39.00) expedited shipping is not currently available for p.o. boxes, international or apo shipments. expedited orders are shipped and delivered monday through friday. at this time, we do not offer weekend deliveries. can i change my shipping address once my order has been placed? our customer experience team can typically help you change an address within 15 minutes of placing your order during business hours monday-friday, 9am-5pm est. please call (800) 678-3234 for assistance. keep in mind, because we package and ship orders to be delivered as soon as possible, we cannot guarantee a change of shipping address. if you are unable to change the shipping address of your order within the allotted time, please click here once you receive your package to start the return. do you offer weekend deliveries? we do not offer weekend deliveries. all orders ship and deliver monday through friday, including expedited orders. how quickly will i receive my order? can’t wait for your cotton goodies? orders placed before 2pm est generally ship the same business day, and all ground orders typically ship within 24 business hours of being placed. once shipped, ground orders typically arrive 5-7 business days from the time they leave our warehouse. all orders will be delivered monday-friday, as we do not offer weekend delivery. where is my order shipping from? all orders are hand packed and shipped out of our warehouse in devens, ma. returns what is your return policy? we make exceptional products and fully stand behind their quality. if you are unsatisfied with your purchase for any reason, you may return it within 30 days of delivery (delivery is defined as the date the shipment was marked delivered by the carrier’s tracking number). returns are fully refunded to the original form of payment. if a discount was applied at purchase, that discount will be proportionally applied to the credit. at this time, we are offering ups return labels exclusively for all returns. boll & branch does not accept returns on gift cards or international purchases. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause! how do i exchange? unfortunately at this time, we do not take exchanges. you can simply return your item and repurchase the item of your choosing. how do i return a gift? we hope you love your gift though we know sometimes you need to make a change! if you need to return an item received as a gift, have your gift receipt ready, which includes the order number, the delivery address zip code, your name and your email. you will need these to begin the gift return process. to start your return process as a gift recipient, please click here. for gift recipients, please be aware you will receive store credit in the form of a digital gift card once your return has been processed. if you are still uncertain about how to make a gift return, please watch our video tutorial here. do you charge for return shipping? absolutely not! we make things easy for you by offering free returns within 30 days of the delivery of your order! please go to https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/returns to receive your ups return shipping label. how do i return an item i purchased? to return any item(s) from your order, please follow these easy steps below:enter your email address and order number, and click "start return."follow the onscreen instructions and select the order that contains the item(s) you wish to return.scroll through the list of products and click the checkbox at the far right to return an item(s). please ensure that all items you wish to return are checked!click “complete my return”.download and print the ups shipping label.repack your items and packing list in original packaging as best as possible.drop off at the nearest ups drop box. if you are still uncertain about how to make a return for one item, please watch our video tutorial here. to learn how to return multiple items in one order, please watch our video tutorial here. click here to start your return. is there a restocking fee for returns? no, we do not charge a restocking fee for any returns received within 30 days. who do i contact if i have questions about a return? for answers to any questions, please call the boll & branch customer experience team at 800-678-3234 or email help@bollandbranch.com between 9am and 5pm, monday through friday. we’ll be happy to help! laundry care what is the best way to care for my boll & branch products? our products are designed to last and age beautifully. with that being said, it’s important to care for your items so they can reach their optimal potential, remembering that the cotton fibers are delicate and require special attention. check out our laundry care page for all the details, and read our blog entry for more information! color descriptions what is the difference between natural and ivory colors? our natural color option is untouched and undyed cotton that will show the beautiful “freckles,” or remnants of cotton seeds. our ivory color, on the other hand, is dyed a solid, creamy, off-white color. you can learn more about natural vs. ivory in our blog entry! notifications how do i unsubscribe from push notifications? to unsubscribe from push notifications, please click here. contact us (800) 678-3234 help@bollandbranch.com about boll & branch + our story in the news reviews giving back our blog careers press inquiries customer service + sign in / order history contact us help center laundry care shipping & return policy return an item purchase gift cards keep in touch sign up and be the first to know about our best deals and new products. sign up thanks for signing up! connect with us ©2018 boll & branch terms of service privacy social media policy (800) 678-3234 sign in to boll & branch llc create a boll & branch llc account reset my password password reset link sent to welcome! thanks for visiting! see you again soon! password reset link sent to didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ►