来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181120091443/https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/limited-warranty
================================================================================

limited mattress warranty | boll & branch get on the list! be the first to know about new collections and insider offers, and get $25 off your first purchase.* sign up you're on the list! thanks for signing up! sweet dreams are ahead. close *minimum purchase of $150 bedding sheet sets sheet separates pillowcases pillows & pillow protectors decorativepillow covers new duvet covers & shams duvet inserts blankets & quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft percale flannel new about our fabrics shop by product shop by size shop by fabric flannel pillowcase set 13 colors available banded pillowcase set 4 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available modern floral duvet set 1 colors available linen stripe duvet set 1 colors available banded sham 4 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available bedding mattress bath & home towels decorativepillow covers new throw blankets women's waffle robe flannel pajamas spa robe new hats & scarves cable knit throw 5 colors available chunky knit throw 5 colors available bath & home what's new modern floral collection linen stripe collection spa robe decorativepillow covers a laid-back, linen bed modern floral bedroom spring catalog what's new our mission our impact our story why organic cotton a higher standard in the news our mission sign in help center return policy newsletter our blog newsletter boll-branch_logo search sign in bag 0 bedding sheet sets sheet separates pillowcases pillows & pillow protectors decorativepillow covers new duvet covers & shams duvet inserts blankets & quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft percale flannel new about our fabrics shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now sheet separates want to mix and match? our fitted sheets and flat sheets are sold separately so you can customize and create the bedding look of your dreams. want to mix and match? our fitted sheets and flat sheets are sold separately so you can customize and create the bedding look of your dreams. shop now flannel pillowcase set 13 colors available banded pillowcase set 4 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available pillows & protectors experience the difference of an expertly engineered pillow. available in down and down alternative fills, our pillow is carefully crafted to provide maximum support and softness. protect its 100% organic cotton shell and keep it supportive with a perfectly-sized pillow protector. experience the difference of an expertly engineered pillow. available in down and down alternative fills, our pillow is carefully crafted to provide maximum support and softness. protect its 100% organic cotton shell and keep it supportive with a perfectly-sized pillow protector. shop pillows decorative pillow covers our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! shop now modern floral duvet set 1 colors available linen stripe duvet set 1 colors available banded sham 4 colors available duvet inserts it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. shop now blankets and quilts whether it's a soft and cozy blanket or our heirloom-quality quilt, our versatile layers don't just add warmth to your bed, they add style. whether it's a soft and cozy blanket or our heirloom-quality quilt, our versatile layers don't just add warmth to your bed, they add style. shop now crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more bedding mattress bath & home towels decorativepillow covers new throw blankets women's waffle robe flannel pajamas spa robe new hats & scarves bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our bath products set new standards for softness and durability. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now decorative pillow covers our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! shop now cable knit throw 5 colors available chunky knit throw 5 colors available women's waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, you'll feel pampered every time you put it on. a plush, springy texture makes this organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, you'll feel pampered every time you put it on. shop now flannel pajamas our beloved, luxe flannel is now wearable! perfect for cuddling up on chilly winter nights. our beloved, luxe flannel is now wearable! perfect for cuddling up on chilly winter nights. shop now spa robe if you love looking at our new modern floral collection, you'll love wearing it even more. the spa robe was designed with relaxation in mind — our signature soft material on the exterior combines with custom french terry lining on the interior, made to be both warm and moisture-wicking. if you love looking at our new modern floral collection, you'll love wearing it even more. the spa robe was designed with relaxation in mind — our signature soft material on the exterior combines with custom french terry lining on the interior, made to be both warm and moisture-wicking. shop now chunky knit accessories it's like wearing our chunky knit throw! these cozy accessories are sure to be favorites for years to come. it's like wearing our chunky knit throw! these cozy accessories are sure to be favorites for years to come. shop now bath & home what's new modern floral collection linen stripe collection spa robe decorativepillow covers a laid-back, linen bed modern floral bedroom spring catalog new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new at boll & branch this just in! shop our recent arrivals to find new, super soft products for your home. this just in! shop our recent arrivals to find new, super soft products for your home. shop now modern floral collection we're in full bloom with our new modern floral collection! our beloved, pure organic signature soft material now comes in a beautiful botanic watercolor pattern. layer it on your bed for the perfect seasonal touch. we're in full bloom with our new modern floral collection! our beloved, pure organic signature soft material now comes in a beautiful botanic watercolor pattern. layer it on your bed for the perfect seasonal touch. shop now linen stripe collection the new linen stripe collection is ultra-breathable and made from pure european flax. the subtle stripes and airy material recall a breezy, laid-back style that's ideal for bringing a beachy feel to your room. the new linen stripe collection is ultra-breathable and made from pure european flax. the subtle stripes and airy material recall a breezy, laid-back style that's ideal for bringing a beachy feel to your room. shop now spa robe if you love looking at our new modern floral collection, you'll love wearing it even more. the spa robe was designed with relaxation in mind — our signature soft material on the exterior combines with custom french terry lining on the interior, made to be both warm and moisture-wicking. if you love looking at our new modern floral collection, you'll love wearing it even more. the spa robe was designed with relaxation in mind — our signature soft material on the exterior combines with custom french terry lining on the interior, made to be both warm and moisture-wicking. shop now decorative pillow covers our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! our brand new decorative pillow covers let you complete your bed with a beautiful, personal touch. mix and match to suit your style! shop now a laid-back, linen bed our new linen stripe collection is ultra-breathable and perfect for warmer temperatures. the subtle striping makes for a breezy, beautiful, laid-back room. our new linen stripe collection is ultra-breathable and perfect for warmer temperatures. the subtle striping makes for a breezy, beautiful, laid-back room. shop the room modern floral bedroom the lovely watercolor print on our new modern floral collection brings a refreshing spring touch to your bedroom. layer it on your bed for a pop of botanic beauty. the lovely watercolor print on our new modern floral collection brings a refreshing spring touch to your bedroom. layer it on your bed for a pop of botanic beauty. shop the room spring catalog flip through the digital version of our spring catalog. it's full of new arrivals, beautiful spring bedroom inspiration, and gift ideas for mother's day (hint hint!). flip through the digital version of our spring catalog. it's full of new arrivals, beautiful spring bedroom inspiration, and gift ideas for mother's day (hint hint!). shop now what's new our mission our impact our story why organic cotton a higher standard in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our impact today and every day, we promise to keep people at the heart of our business, from the farmers who grow our cotton to the person who sleeps in our sheets at night. today and every day, we promise to keep people at the heart of our business, from the farmers who grow our cotton to the person who sleeps in our sheets at night. learn about our impact our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission our blog show all results home / limited mattress warranty | boll & branch limited mattress warranty this limited mattress warranty (“limited mattress warranty”) gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights, which vary from state to state. we warrant that during the warranty period, the mattress purchased directly from boll & branch will be free from defects in materials and workmanship. we limit the duration and remedies of all implied warranties, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, to the duration of this limited warranty. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. our responsibility for a defective mattress is limited to repair, replacement or refund as set forth in this warranty statement. neither any performance or other conduct, nor any oral or written information, statement or advice provided by us or any of our suppliers, agents or employees will create a warranty, or in any way increase the scope or duration of this limited warranty. (a) products covered by this warranty. this limited mattress warranty extends to mattresses or foundations purchased directly from boll & branch, llc, a delaware limited liability company (“boll & branch”), and located in the contiguous united states (not including alaska, hawaii, and the us territories) (the “mattresses”). mattresses are designed to work on a firm, solid-surface, on a bed base that is structurally capable of supporting the weight of the mattress and user(s). this limited mattress warranty does not cover the mattress if you use it in a manner incompatible with that intended design, including, without limitation, uses other than for your own personal, residential use. foundations are designed to work with a bed frame capable of supporting the load of the foundation and an approved mattress. this limited mattress warranty and other performance warranties are based on tests conducted on “sets” that consist of our mattresses and our foundations. therefore, if purchaser uses inappropriate mattresses or bed frames with this foundation, such use will void this limited mattress warranty and all other warranties, whether expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. boll & branch makes no representations whatsoever as to the structural integrity or rated load for any frame not manufactured by or for boll & branch. boll & branch reserves the right to invalidate this limited mattress warranty if the frame is determined, in boll & branch’s reasonable discretion, to be inadequate or if the foundation is found to be in an unsanitary condition. (b) who may use this warranty? this limited mattress warranty extends only to the original purchaser of the mattress who is located in the contiguous united states (not including alaska, hawaii, and the us territories). it does not extend to any subsequent or other owner or transferee of the mattress. (c) what does this warranty cover? this limited mattress warranty warrants against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for the warranty period (as defined below), when the mattress is used normally for its intended purposes in the home and on a bed base that is structurally capable of supporting the weight of the mattress and user(s). specifically, this limited mattress warranty applies to the following defects (“defects”): deterioration causing the mattress to have a visible indentation greater than one point five (1.5) inch that is not associated with an indentation or sag which results from use of an improper or unsupportive foundation. any physical flaw in the mattress that causes the material to split or crack, despite normal usage and proper handling. structural damage or broken components sagging that is not associated with the use of an improper bed frame (d) what does this warranty not cover? this limited mattress warranty does not cover any shipping and handling fees associated with returning or replacing a defective mattress. in addition, this limited mattress warranty does not cover any damages due to: transportation; storage; improper use; use of mattress in hotels or commercial institutions; use of the mattress for commercial purposes (e.g. use of the mattress in a personal residence but such personal residence is used for the operation of short-term rental business such as airbnb or vrbo); failure to follow the mattress care instructions or to perform any preventive maintenance; modifications; combination or use with any products, materials, processes, systems or other matter not provided or authorized in writing by boll & branch; unauthorized repair; normal wear and tear; external causes such as accidents, abuse, or other actions or events beyond our reasonable control; fabric portions of the mattress; handles and corner guards of mattresses; sheet fit; comfort preference damage associated with an improper bed frame or foundation. non-defective pieces of the set; and mattresses sold “as-is”, “preconditioned”, “reconditioned”, “used”, “comfort return”, “returned”, “previously owned”, “floor model” or any other similar wording indicating that the mattress is not “new” or of “first quality”, or has previously been purchased or used by another consumer or for display purposes. unsanitary condition, soiled or stained sagging or body impressions less than 1.5” floor models handles or corner guards law labels are removed (e) what is the period of coverage? this limited mattress warranty starts on the date of your purchase and lasts for 10 years thereafter (the “warranty period”). the warranty period is not extended if we repair or replace a warranted mattress or re-perform a warranted service. we may change the availability of this limited mattress warranty at our discretion, but any changes will not be retroactive. (f) what are your remedies under this warranty? with respect to any defective mattress during the warranty period, we will, in our sole discretion, either: (i) repair or replace such defective mattress (or the defective part) free of charge or (ii) refund the prorated purchase price of such mattress as calculated in section (f)(ii) . we will not pay for shipping and handling fees to return the repaired or replacement mattress. in the event that we elect to issue a refund for such defective mattress, we will refund you the prorated purchase price of such defective mattress which is calculated off your purchase price, # of months owned, and total months of the warranty. (g) how do you obtain warranty service? to obtain warranty service, you must email our customer service department at help@bollandbranch.com during the warranty period and provide all of the following items: proof of purchase/original purchaser; order number; your name, email address, physical address at which the mattress is located, and daytime telephone number; photographic evidence of defects; and photographic evidence of attached tags, labels, and model numbers. upon receiving the foregoing information from you, boll & branch may take up to seven business days to review and process your claim. boll & branch will not charge purchaser to repair or replace purchaser’s foundation if it is deemed defective. no new warranty is provided with a replacement foundation or mattress. the warranty for the replacement foundation or mattress runs from the date of original purchase of the replaced foundation. in connection with the replacement of a product in compliance with the terms of this limited mattress warranty, if a purchaser elects to upgrade to a more expensive product, it may do so by paying the difference between the cost of the original product being replaced and the cost of the upgraded product plus the cost of any related additional sleep system pieces not being replaced as part of the warranty exchange. in the event of an upgrade as described in this paragraph, a new warranty will be provided for the upgraded pieces only. (h) care instructions rotate your mattress from end-to-end at 2 weeks and then every 2-3 months thereafter. king and queen mattress sets must be supported by an appropriate frame with a rigid center bridge bar and supporting leg. it will also need at least (i) 5 legs, or (ii) 5 equally spaced hardwood cross-slats. use a mattress pad to avoid stains when moving, carton your mattress and transport it on its side. do not remove the law tag or label containing the model name. do not bend, stand or jump on the mattress. do not use cleaning fluids on the product. do not smoke in bed or expose the mattress to open flame or fire. do not lift your mattress by its handles. handles should only be used for positioning the mattress on the foundation. (i) limitation of liability the remedies described above are your sole and exclusive remedies and our entire obligation and liability for any breach of this limited mattress warranty. boll & branches liability will under no circumstances exceed the actual amount paid by you for the defective mattress, nor will we under any circumstances be liable for any diminution in value, costs of replacement goods, or any consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages or losses, whether direct or indirect. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. (j) arbitration in the event a dispute arises between you and boll & branch arising out of this limited mattress warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879. you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited mattress warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required. arbitration will take place in union county, new jersey. the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. (k) governing law this limited mattress warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of delaware. (l) warrantor boll & branch, llc 332 springfield ave., ste. 200 summit, nj 07901 contact us (800) 678-3234 help@bollandbranch.com about boll & branch + our story impact in the news reviews trade our blog careers promotion details & disclaimers press inquiries style guide retail store organic cotton leadership organic sheets natural mattress spring catalog customer service + sign in / order history contact us faqs laundry care shipping & return policy limited warranty return an item keep in touch sign up and be the first to know about our best deals and new products. sign up thanks for signing up! connect with us ©2019 boll & branch terms of service privacy social media policy (800) 678-3234 sign in to boll & branch llc create a boll & branch llc account reset my password password reset link sent to welcome! thanks for visiting! see you again soon! password reset link sent to didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ►